                  CGI Group Inc.




             2016 Annual Report


  CGI’s 2016 Annual Report is comprised
         of two separate volumes:

      Volume 1: 2016 Annual Review

                               &

      Volume 2: Fiscal 2016 Results




Volume 1 of the Annual Report
     follows this page.
        (this page does not form part of the Annual Report)
2016 Annual Review     HIGH-END BUSINESS AND IT CONSULTING
                                       SYSTEMS INTEGRATION
                           TRANSFORMATIONAL OUTSOURCING
                           IP-BASED SERVICES AND SOLUTIONS




   Your end-to-end
   partner in
   digital transformation
At CGI, we’re building upon a 40 year
history of listening to the needs of
our clients, innovating together to create
business value, leading the industry to
help clients with their digital transformation,
and delivering to achieve stakeholders’
long-term success.
This 2016 Annual Review showcases
how we serve as our clients’ partner
and expert of choice via our unique
proximity model in helping drive forward
their end-to-end digital transformation.

End-to-end digital transformation: Through our end-to-end services
and solutions, we deliver digital strategies and technologies and connect
them to legacy systems to help clients transform how they operate and
engage with digital customers and citizens.
Client proximity: CGI’s client proximity model fosters deep understanding
of clients’ businesses and strong relationships to provide best-fit digital
transformation solutions, supported by our global delivery capabilities and
in-depth industry and technology expertise.
DREAM
INSPIRED.
CLIENT
DRIVEN.
Since our founding in 1976, we’ve seen computers come out of labs
and into our offices, our homes and our pockets. We’ve watched
our connected world get smaller and smaller, transcending cultures,
languages and borders. We’ve seen bubbles, booms and busts — and,
through it all, we’ve helped our clients persevere and grow.
Today, we help businesses efficiently and securely move the money
that moves the goods that benefit people, communities, countries
and continents. We help people save for homes and an education,
and provide a safe and secure financial future for their families.
We help governments meet the everyday needs of their citizens,
supporting a backbone of services that enable healthcare, justice
and transportation systems.
We help clients maximize the technologies that run their business and
then help them change their business by moving through the doors
the digital world has opened.
We accomplish all this and more through our people. Committed
and creative, CGI members understand our clients’ business and
the technology that drives forward their digital transformation.
We are inspired by the CGI Dream.
To create an environment in which we enjoy working together and,
as owners, contribute to building a company we can be proud of.
We are driven to help our clients succeed.




       Watch the video at cgi.com/driven.
                                                            2016 ANNUAL REVIEW




     WE LISTEN.
     WE INNOVATE.
     WE LEAD.
     WE DELIVER.


     CONTENTS
 2 Built to grow and last
		Founder and Executive Chairman of the Board Serge Godin and
   President and Chief Executive Officer George D. Schindler

 6   CGI by the numbers


		   Our client commitment
 8   To listen
14   To innovate
22   To lead
30   To deliver


		   About CGI
36   Global footprint
38   Leadership team
40   Our strong foundation
42   CGI in our communities




                                                                            1
             Built to grow
              and last
             Serge Godin,                   George D. Schindler,
    Founder and Executive Chairman   President and Chief Executive Officer
             of the Board




2
                                                                                            2016 ANNUAL REVIEW




It’s an extraordinary time
to be in business.
The digital needs of customers and citizens are bringing about the
transformation of commercial and government organizations around the
world—and CGI is at the forefront of this change, serving as a leading
IT services partner and expert of choice to support our clients’ journeys.
As we look ahead, Serge Godin and George D. Schindler share
how CGI is best positioned to help our clients transform to become
customer-centric, digital enterprises.
George was appointed as the third President and CEO in CGI’s 40 year history.
How does this change affect CGI’s stakeholders?
Serge: When I founded CGI in 1976, my objective was to build a company where our
professionals, whom we call members, share in the same CGI Dream: “To create an
environment in which we enjoy working together and, as owners, contribute to building
a company we can be proud of.”
From this ambition, we have built a company that operates based on a uniform set of
values, policies, frameworks, processes, operational principles and measures, which
make up the CGI Management Foundation. This Foundation provides for the consistent,
high-quality execution of our commitments to our three stakeholders — clients, members
and shareholders — no matter where CGI operates in the world.
George becoming CEO does not represent a change but a continuation of CGI’s ongoing
commitment to being the best in the industry — a partner and expert of choice to our
clients, a rewarding place in which to build a career for our members, and a long-term
profitable investment for our shareholders.
With 30 years of experience, George has successfully managed large operations in
IT and management consulting. He joined CGI in 2004 and has led our U.S. business,
North American operations and, most recently as Chief Operating Officer, all global
operations reported to him. I have every confidence that as CEO, George is the right
leader at the right time to continue our track record of delivering on our promises to
all stakeholders.
George: I feel deeply privileged to serve as just the third CEO of CGI — and to do so
during such a dynamic time in our industry. Our clients are asking for our help as they
work to digitally transform to meet the needs of their customers and citizens, and
technology plays a central role in supporting them as it moves from being an enabler
to a driver of this change. Digital transformation offers our stakeholders endless
opportunities to grow.
I thank Serge and the Board for their confidence, and look forward to continuing to
execute CGI’s Build and Buy profitable growth strategy and taking CGI forward as clients’
trusted and innovative partner on the digital journey ahead.

Another milestone from this year is the publication of the CGI Global 1000, which is
an outlook on trends and priorities from more than 1,000 in-person conversations
with business and technology client executives. What did we learn and how do the
findings help shape our strategy?
George: Every year as part of CGI’s strategic planning process, we meet in person with
business and technology executives to discuss the trends influencing their industries and
their key strategic initiatives.
We analyze the findings to develop CGI insights and a comprehensive global outlook
that we then share with each participating executive. This year, given the clear and
compounding trends over the years surrounding the digital agenda globally, we published
a report for the benefit of all existing and prospective clients.
This outlook is then reflected in our strategic plans to ensure we are best positioned to
meet client demand and, as a result, drive value for all CGI stakeholders.

                                                                                                            3
    “ CGI is one of the few global firms with the talent, scale and
       end‑to‑end services and solutions necessary to help clients
       succeed holistically with their digital transformation. ”


    In 2016, our clients across the industries we serve said that digital transformation is
    no longer just an enabler but a driver of their business. More than 70% of leaders cited
    the pressures from the rapid rise in influence of digital customers and citizens as their
    top trend. This represents a significant shift in thinking in terms of how clients run, change
    and grow their organizations. They must modernize and transform today’s legacy assets
    and connect them to digital business and operating models.
    Serge: We are the only IT services company that engages in such a comprehensive
    process to identify the top trends and priorities that are most significant to our clients.
    We also engage members and shareholders in the strategic planning process, ensuring
    they have a voice on how to continually advance our strategic goals.
    These consultations are reflective of our strong culture in which we continuously refine
    and evolve our strategy to meet the needs of our three stakeholders. In addition to these
    consultations, we also conduct ongoing satisfaction assessments of each stakeholder
    group to measure our performance.
    This ongoing consultation and measurement with a focus on seeking the best equilibrium
    between our three stakeholders are what produce the best results over the long term.

    Why is CGI in the best position to serve as clients’ digital transformation partner and
    expert of choice?
    George: Clients have a competitive urgency to become digital in a sustainable way.
    They realize they need to invest in the digital future and transform their organizations across
    the people, process and technology areas of their business. CGI is one of the few global
    firms with the talent, scale and end-to-end services and solutions necessary to help clients
    succeed holistically. Our client proximity model fosters a deep understanding of clients’
    businesses and strong relationships to build best-fit innovative digital solutions, supported
    by our global delivery model that brings forward industry and technology expertise.
    On the Build side of our strategy, we exploit four strategic levers to help them become
    digital organizations:
        • High-end business and IT consulting with a focus on digital
        • Systems integration to connect legacy assets with digital business and
          operating models
        • Transformational outsourcing to improve both how they run and change their
          organizations
        • Intellectual property that acts as a digital business accelerator
    This is an extraordinary time to be in business, and change will continue to happen faster
    and more expansively than ever before. CGI has all the capabilities required to help clients
    create a clear, customer-focused vision; a digital-first culture; and an operating model that
    will deliver accelerated and ongoing value.
    Serge: The CGI Management Foundation that I discussed earlier is a differentiator and
    success factor in helping clients transform. Operational discipline is part of CGI’s DNA,
    and the Foundation has and will continue to serve as a platform for accelerated growth
    over the years to come.
    When a client partners with CGI, they can be assured that our model is focused on
    providing them with the best value, both in terms of project delivery and in bringing
    forward innovative services and solutions designed specifically to address their industry
    and market needs.
    George: On the Buy side, we focus on both transformational deals to further expand our
    geographic scale and niche acquisitions to strengthen our local proximity metro markets.
    Together, these two pillars bolster our industry expertise, services and solutions so we
    can continuously add new capabilities to best serve our clients and help them succeed in
    a digital world.

4
                                                                                             2016 ANNUAL REVIEW




This year’s Annual Review is focused on how CGI listens, innovates, leads and
delivers. Can you share a few words on why these four attributes are so important?
George: Today, we partner with clients on their most strategic and visible initiatives,
helping to protect, grow, improve, develop and innovate the technology that runs
their business.
This Annual Review demonstrates how we listen to our stakeholders’ perspectives,
innovate to solve complex challenges and create new opportunities, lead through our
industry and domain expertise, and deliver through operational excellence. Reading
through this Annual Review provides a demonstration of how CGI helps clients realize
the promises of digital transformation.
We thank our clients and shareholders for choosing CGI. Our 68,000 members are
committed to striving each day to continue earning your trust and loyalty. We look forward
to working together with our clients to gain from the opportunities that our digitally
connected world will bring us.

Now that CGI has been in business for more than four decades, what can clients,
members and shareholders expect in the years to come?
Serge: As George mentions, it is a rewarding time to be in the IT services industry.
Our long-term commitment to serving our stakeholders is only accelerating as we support
clients with their digital transformation.
CGI is an institution built to grow and last. As I look ahead to our next 40 years in
business, we will continue to be a consolidator within the industry, always evolving
to best serve our stakeholders’ needs.
Our stakeholders can expect to continue to benefit from CGI’s deep commitment to their
success, no matter the economic environment and the business and technology trends
leading them forward.
To all those with whom we have had the privilege of working, thank you. I look forward
with great anticipation to the value we will continue to create for all of our stakeholders in
the years to come.




“ Our stakeholders can expect to continue to benefit from CGI’s
   deep commitment to their success, no matter the economic
   environment and the business and technology trends leading
   them forward. ”




                                                                                                             5
CGI by the numbers
    CGI is a financially strong and growing company.
    At CGI, financial strength is not an objective, but a duty — a
    responsibility that each of our professionals takes seriously. In fact,
    financial strength is one of our core values. It enables us to continuously
    invest in the best services and solutions that benefit our clients, support
    our members in their continuous development, and sustain long-term
    growth and superior returns for our shareholders.
    Our global reach combined with our proximity model of serving
    clients from hundreds of metro markets around the world provides
    the scale and immediacy required to rapidly respond to clients’ digital
    transformation needs. Our experts apply deep industry and technology
    expertise to help clients innovate to deliver great value to their
    customers and citizens.




6
                                                                                                   2016 ANNUAL REVIEW

Fiscal 2016 year-over-year results
                                                                                                           Cash flow from
      Revenue           Backlog          Bookings              Net earnings           EPS (diluted)          operations
      $10.7B            $20.9B            $11.7B                 $1.1B                  $3.42                 $1.3B
                                           110%
      up 3.9%        up $181.8M         of revenue               up 9.3%              up 12.5%                up 3.4%



History of profitable growth
CGI has experienced significant growth through the disciplined execution of our Build and Buy profitable
growth strategy — growth that has been key to fulfilling our vision of being a global world-class information
technology and business process services leader helping our clients succeed.


$70                                                                                   Members: 68,000
                                                                                      Revenue:     $10.7B
                Since our initial public offering                                     Share price: $62.49
$60
                in 1986, we have provided an
                    average return of 19%.
$50                                                                          Members: 25,000
                                                                             Revenue:     $3.5B
                                                                             Share price: $7.32
$40

                Members: 1,800
$30             Revenue:     $122M
                Share price: $0.42


$20
         Members: 450
         Revenue:     $22M
         Share price: $0.41
$10


                                                                                      Stock price adjusted for stock splits

         1986                 1996                                      2006                                            2016


          Global footprint
            • One of the largest IT and business process services companies in the world
            • 68,000 professionals (80% are shareholders)
            • Geographic footprint that accounts for 81% of IT spend worldwide
            • 10 focused industry segments that represent 100% of IT spend worldwide
            • Global delivery capabilities through centers located on 5 continents

          Offerings
            • High-end business and IT consulting
            • Systems integration
            • Transformational outsourcing
            • 150+ IP-based services and solutions

          Clients
            • More than 5,000 clients across the globe in the commercial and public sectors
            • 8.9 satisfaction score and 9.1 client loyalty score out of 10 based upon 6,378 signed
              assessments
            • Strong investment of $350M in the operations, such as in our innovation, cybersecurity,
              robotics and automation programs, to drive further digital transformation capabilities
                                           All figures in Canadian dollars


                                                                                                                              7
We listen.
    Listening is built into CGI’s DNA
    We invest in listening to our clients, members and shareholders with one purpose in mind — to
    better understand how we can exceed their expectations and create ongoing value. We’ve learned
    throughout more than 40 years in business that the input of our stakeholders combined with the
    insights of our experts enables us to continuously improve to drive their success.
      • For our clients, we invest in annual face-to-face conversations and ongoing client satisfaction
        assessments to give us a deep understanding of their challenges and opportunities.
      • For our professionals, whom we call members, we conduct an annual consultation to solicit
        their ideas on how to better serve our clients and grow our business, and also measure their
        satisfaction throughout each year.
      • For our shareholders, we hold hundreds of meetings and conduct an independent assessment
        every year to gain their insight for developing our strategy and improving our execution.
    Continuously and passionately listening to our stakeholders has enabled us to balance their
    interests and fulfill their needs. Ultimately, it’s been fundamental to helping our clients succeed,
    providing rewarding careers for our members and delivering superior returns to our shareholders.




8
                                                                                                     2016 ANNUAL REVIEW

CLIENTS
Digitally transforming for the future — together
In today’s digital world, technology has moved beyond its traditional role of enabling business to becoming a driver of
business change. At CGI, we use advanced digital technologies and our industry expertise to support clients at every
stage of their digital journey.

Aligning our investments with clients’ top trends and priorities
In 2016, as part of our annual Voice of Our Clients program, CGI met face-to-face with more than 1,000 business and
IT leaders across 10 industries and 20 countries to hear their perspectives on the trends impacting their organizations
and the implications these trends have on their businesses. In these in-depth conversations, we discussed their
challenges and opportunities, as well as their business and IT priorities, budgets and plans.
Each year, CGI incorporates the findings and insights from these conversations into our annual strategic planning
process to help refine our thinking, inform our investments and evolve our strategy to better address clients’ evolving
needs. We also share the results with participants to help guide their own strategic planning.
This year, we went a step beyond and published the findings and insights in the 2016–2017 edition of the
CGI Global 1000. The trends and priorities identified in this outlook reflect the acceleration of digital transformation
across the industries we serve.




Top 5 global industry trends
    71%           Rising influence of consumerization
    62%           Evolution of security from defense to differentiator
    51%           Relentless regulatory demands
    34%           Restructuring of industry business models
    27%           Emergence of IT as a driver of business change

Top 5 global business priorities
    62%           Improve the customer experience/journey
    52%           Generate customer and business insights for better and faster decision-making
    50%           Collaborate internally and partner/acquire externally
    50%           Optimize and modernize to reduce the costs of running the organization (e.g., automation)
    50%           Protect the organization from cyber and other emerging trends

Top 5 global IT priorities
    75%           Rationalize and modernize IT to reduce the costs of running the organization
    56%           Generate customer and business insights for better and faster decision-making
    55%           Protect the organization from cyber and other threats
    46%           Develop real-time, end-to-end digital processing
    44%           Adopt new delivery models (e.g., SaaS, PaaS, cloud, outsourcing)


                                                                                                                           9
WE LISTEN
Commitment to continuous improvement
Satisfying clients is our business. CGI’s commitment to client satisfaction and high-quality and innovative delivery
is reflected in our high client satisfaction scores. At CGI, client satisfaction is a key indicator of our success and is
carefully measured and managed on a continuous basis through a comprehensive Client Satisfaction Assessment
Program (CSAP).
As part of the CSAP, clients engage in regular in-person discussions with their account managers to discuss the level of
satisfaction with the quality and value of services and expertise provided, identify areas for improvement, and promptly
address new opportunities. In response, CGI makes ongoing adjustments to ensure service excellence.
The collective results of these client satisfaction meetings across CGI lead to an overall “report card” on CGI’s
performance that helps us to better understand our clients’ expectations and requirements and what more we can do
to help clients achieve their digital transformation.


                    2016 Client Satisfaction Assessment Program (CSAP) highlights

   Number of CSAP surveys                    6,378
   Client loyalty                             9.1/10              Industry knowledge                         8.9/10
   Expert of choice                          8.9/10               Technology expertise                       8.8/10
“ As   a leader in food and pharmaceutical distribution in Quebec and Ontario,
  it’s important that Metro grows its competitive advantage by continuously
   driving customers’ satisfaction and long-term loyalty. CGI listens to and
   understands our business priorities and has served as our long-term
   IT services partner in supporting the efficiency of our back-end operations.
   Given our mutual trust and successful 15-year history, CGI is a natural
   partner to help execute our digital transformation roadmap. This year, CGI
   helped with the implementation and the launch of a comprehensive website
   and e-commerce service that will enable us to best support our customers
   as they increasingly choose to shop digitally. The partnership between
   Metro and CGI has enabled us to deliver a leading technological solution
   that offers a differentiated and streamlined experience.
                                                               ”
   Marc Giroux, Senior Vice-President
   Metro
   Montréal, Canada




10
                                                                                                    2016 ANNUAL REVIEW

MEMBERS




CGI’s client-driven talent approach
CGI has a 40-year track record of investing in talent. Today, we’re 68,000 members strong, serving clients across the
globe from hundreds of locations.
At CGI, our talent strategy is 100% client centric. We align our hiring with the needs of our clients, and the process
is owned by the business leaders closest to our clients. Key client-centric principles that define and guide our talent
strategy include:
    • Client proximity: Our members live and work near clients to provide a high level of accountability and
      responsiveness. Our local CGI team speaks the clients’ languages, understands their business, and collaborates
      to advance their goals.
    • Global expertise: We complement client proximity with the sharing of expertise from CGI members around the
      world who bring ideas, best practices and solutions to local accounts. We offer best-fit global delivery options,
      including onsite, onshore, nearshore and offshore delivery.
    • Ownership culture: CGI’s ownership culture is one of our key differentiators. An impressive 80% of members
      are CGI shareholders, reflecting a strong personal commitment to the company and our clients’ success.
    • Learning and development: CGI invests in comprehensive learning and development programs through the CGI
      Leadership Institute to ensure our members build, maintain and increase the skills they need to respond to clients’
      evolving digital needs.
    • Talent integration: We successfully integrate talent into CGI, with half of our members joining the company
      through acquisitions or large outsourcing engagements. Our proven practices ensure seamless integrations, with
      significant value-add to our clients’ businesses.
Another key principle is our commitment to listening to members and using their input to shape our strategy,
offerings and delivery. This input has proved to be invaluable in aligning our business to client needs and exceeding
expectations.




“ CGI  is focused on serving as clients’ partner and expert of choice. This requires the right
  talent — professionals with the experience and skills to build digital, customer-centric
   enterprises. At CGI, we invest in recruiting, training and retaining professionals with
   extensive industry and technology expertise. Through this investment, we help clients
   accelerate their digital transformation while achieving high client satisfaction and service
   excellence. We’ll continue to build our team in direct alignment with ensuring our clients’
   success on their digital transformation journeys.
                                                     ”
   Julie Godin
   Vice-Chair of the Board, Chief Planning and Administration Officer


                                                                                                                          11
WE LISTEN
Client satisfaction drives member satisfaction at CGI
Year after year, members rate client satisfaction as key to their own work
satisfaction. Through our Member Satisfaction Assessment Program (MSAP),
members have the opportunity to provide input related to our client work and
suggest ideas for improvement. The program also helps members — through
continuous two-way dialogue — to build successful careers by assessing their
satisfaction, goals and needs, and ensuring they receive the right support.
In addition to the MSAP, CGI conducts an annual Member Consultation that
solicits member input on the direction of our company, including how we can
better serve clients. In 2016, 74% of members participated in the consultation
and provided 51,000 suggestions and observations.
As an integral part of our clients’ day-to-day operations, CGI members are in
the best position to identify ways to help clients achieve their business goals.
Our members are keen to apply their expertise to help clients implement
digital strategies that accelerate their transformation. Their input on how we
can continue to drive forward our clients’ success is applied to our business
plans to ensure we’re well positioned to address client needs in the year ahead
and beyond.




                   2016 Member Satisfaction Assessment Program (MSAP) highlights

  Number of MSAP surveys                 45,127                Commitment to the company                 8.4/10
                                              8.6/10                                                       8.3/10
  Client satisfaction provides
  work satisfaction                                            Living the company’s values



                                                   Bordeaux, France




Montréal, Canada




                                                                   CGI’s Annual Tour:
                                                                   Aligning members with
                                                                   our strategic direction
                      Every year CGI hosts the Annual Tour to launch our business plans across the company. A key part
                      of our strategic planning process, the global event provides an opportunity for leaders to meet with
                      members to share our strategic priorities and engage in two-way dialogue about our performance
                      and future course.
                      Through this in-person gathering, our members gain a greater understanding of our business
                      and clients, equipping them to help improve our performance and better respond to client needs.
                      The event also ensures alignment on the company’s strategic priorities and understanding of the
                      goals to pursue, as a team, during the coming year.


12
                                                                                                      2016 ANNUAL REVIEW

SHAREHOLDERS
Executing a growth strategy to best serve as clients’ partner of choice
In the IT industry, companies come and go. CGI is the exception. Our Build and Buy growth strategy is central to
ensuring we satisfy the needs of our clients, offer rewarding careers for our members, and provide a superior return
over time for our shareholders. As market conditions increasingly favor consolidation, CGI will continue to execute our
strategy to meet client demand for global partners.
    • On the Build side, we invest in our end-to-end digital transformation capabilities, including high-end consulting,
      systems integration, transformational outsourcing and digital intellectual property (IP), with IP representing 20%
      of CGI’s revenue. In fiscal 2016, CGI’s book-to-bill ratio was 110%, and 57% of bookings included extensions and
      renewals, and 43% represented new business.
    • On the Buy side, we focus on large, transformational acquisitions to further expand our geographic presence and
      critical mass, and small, niche acquisitions that provide deep local relationships, rich industry expertise, and digital
      transformation skillsets. These opportunities are identified through our client conversations and CGI Global 1000
      insights (see pages 9 and 10). This year, we made the following strategic niche acquisitions: JSL, a leading
      Toronto-based consultancy specializing in banking and agile development; Alcyane, a French high-end consulting
      firm, also specializing in banking; and Collaborative Consulting, a Boston-based consulting firm with a focus on
      digital solutions, particularly in the areas of financial services and life sciences.
Both sides of the strategy complement one another: We build organically to invest on the Build side, while the Buy side
drives organic growth by offering clients additional resources and capabilities. CGI is well recognized by the investment
community for this strategy, and our financial strength will continue to support CGI’s ability to help clients drive forward
their digital transformation.



              2016 Shareholder Satisfaction Assessment Program (SSAP) highlights

  Number of investor meetings                   223               M&A execution                            8.9/10
  Operational discipline                      9.4/10              Credibility                              8.9/10

                                               Helsinki, Finland




Rotterdam, Netherlands                                                Stockholm, Sweden



This year’s event — Dream inspired. Client driven. — placed an emphasis on how CGI members are driven to help bring
our clients’ digital transformation dreams to life. The gathering brought together CGI professionals from across our
global operations.

              37,000 participants | 18 countries | 4 days | 11 global broadcasts
Throughout the Annual Tour, members were invited to share stories of how they are collaborating across the globe
to bring forward the full strength of CGI’s digital capabilities to benefit our clients. These stories provided further
demonstration of how the work we do helps clients satisfy their digital customers and citizens.


                                                                                                                          13
We innovate.

Aligning innovation
programs and
investments to the
needs of our clients
CGI is a trusted partner with more than
40 years of experience in delivering
innovative, client-inspired business solutions.
These solutions accelerate our clients’ digital
transformation and enable them to achieve
their goals faster with reduced risk and
enduring results.
From the creation of a new solution to the
ongoing evolution of our top commercial
intellectual property (IP), CGI uses the
CGI Global 1000 outlook — insights from our
annual 1,000 in-person conversations with
business and IT leaders — and our day-to-day
work with clients to inform our investments.




  Helping a Swedish biobank benefit from 3D modeling


“ Working in an environment with extreme conditions creates great demands. Every day,
  we handle several hundred samples stored at minus 80 degrees Celsius. Up to now, there
  has been no means to meet these conditions and provide support in our daily work. Together
  with CGI and HoloLens, we see several opportunities that can contribute to the efficiency
  and management of these important research samples while the working environment for our
  employees greatly improves. This is a very exciting project for us that also might lead to many
  new ideas and applications in healthcare and research.
                                                           ”
  Jenny Åkerblom, Department Head
  Biobank North, Västerbotten County Council
  Umeå, Sweden


14
                                                                                                  2016 ANNUAL REVIEW

TURNING IDEAS INTO OUTCOMES
Programs that harness, generate, assess and fund innovation
CGI’s Innovation, Creativity and Experimentation (ICE) program is a cross-company initiative that harnesses new
solutions to help clients with their digital transformation.
Through “calls to action,” CGI professionals submit ideas to solve a business challenge, and the best ideas are funded
to create proofs of concept and demos for clients. Proven solutions are then further developed to become part of the
CGI commercial intellectual property (IP) portfolio. To further support client innovation, CGI also runs an On-the-Job
Innovation program to harvest ideas from proposals and from those ideas developed while working on a client project.

Learn more at cgi.com/innovation.



  Innovation, Creativity and Experimentation (ICE) program highlights

  61 calls to action   2,782 ideas submitted   40 ideas funded
   In 2016, funded ideas included…

   Automation       • Genomics as a service offering that supports improved diagnostic decisions
   and artificial   • Migration management tool that allows IT infrastructure modernization projects to be
   intelligence       completed with cost and time efficiencies
                    • Automated incident response management platform to speed IT and security incident
                      responses through machine learning, analytics and automation technologies

   Customer         • Digital retail queue mobile app to enable retailers to digitalize the in-store shopping
   experience         experience, such as finding the least congested checkout, scheduling an appointment with
   and digital        a sales clerk, and self‑returning a product
   insights         • BIBO (“Be-In, Be-Out”) charging model to enable train passengers to pay fares on the move
                    • Digital municipal services to provide governments with a pre-packaged suite of
                      standardized services offered via SaaS
                    • Public services app to alert citizens of nearby public services and enable them to make
                      suggestions or report issues
                    • Trusted digital services solution through scalable/adaptive cloud brokerage services
                      to integrate identity, authentication, multilevel electronic/digital signatures, transaction
                      management, certification and safekeeping of reliable original or official electronic records

   Cybersecurity    • Car2Car certificate service to enable secure, encrypted communications based on
                      new automotive standards
                    • Cybersecurity monitoring to apply data analysis and predictive modeling to improve
                      operational efficiency and effectiveness within clients’ cyber analytics capability

   Internet of     • Asset-finding digital tool to attach iBeacon transmitters to mobile resources to help
   Things (IoT)      hospitals quickly locate equipment and measure equipment performance
   and intelligent • Automated identification technology (AIT) solution to provide data exchange between
   machines          legacy enterprise systems on a secure IoT and SaaS platform
                   • Remote monitoring of high-value assets through the research and development
                     of long‑range wireless communications

   Trade finance • Automated decision tree for CGI’s trade and transaction reporting services to provide
   transformation clients with end‑to‑end regulatory reporting
                 • Blockchain for trade finance to store invoice assets and track their status, enabling banks
                   to validate if another bank has already financed them to avoid duplicate financing

   Digital insights • Analytics as a service platform that extracts meaningful data while reducing IT and
                      business process development time
                    • Digital collaboration platform that enables organizations to share agreed data without the
                      overhead of changing legacy systems or creating a new data warehouse
                    • CGI platform for Microsoft® HoloLens™ to create “information boxes” that display valuable
                      data and to detect and fix data errors automatically while improving the visualization of tasks




                                                                                                                        15
WE INNOVATE




              ICE PROGRAM SPOTLIGHT

              Driving savings and increasing productivity in running
              clients’ operations
              Robotics process automation
              Clients seek solutions that will help them better run, change and grow their businesses as they
              work to become more digital to meet customer and citizen demands. One way they can achieve
              this is through robotics process automation — or RPA.
              In August 2016, CIBC World Markets cited that CGI is well positioned to benefit from
              this technology in an equity research report titled, “Leveraging Robotics And AI To Drive
              New Opportunities.”
              To support clients and further CGI’s market position, the ICE program funded two RPA ideas
              that became solutions to automate the filtering, aggregation and identification of IT events
              and to manage IT and security incident responses. Proofs of concept were run with several
              clients, demonstrating successful outcomes such as self-healing workflows and service request
              automation.

              “ CGI  has initiatives such as its central ICE (Innovation, Creativity, Experimentation) programme,
                plus a central investment committee that all service managers are part of which helps determine
                 the direction. It is investing in digital IP by modernising existing assets (e.g. adding automation
                 around processes, building SaaS solutions, adding BI and IoT capabilities, and paying a lot of
                 attention to visualisation).
                                            ”
                 Source: Digital Transitions Supplier Progress: CGI (TechMarketView — ESASViews, February 2016)




16
                                                                                                     2016 ANNUAL REVIEW




POWERING CLIENTS’ BUSINESSES
WITH PROVEN IP
Accelerating digital transformation through CGI’s business solutions
We offer client-driven intellectual property (IP) solutions that include commercial software applications and digital
enablers (reusable frameworks, tools and methodologies) that represent years of continuous investment in capturing
our industry and technology expertise. These solutions, which include cloud/SaaS, mobility, IoT, data analytics and
cybersecurity capabilities, are at the heart of CGI’s end-to-end offerings, which include business process services
delivered by highly skilled professionals to increase our clients’ efficiency, services and savings.
During 2016, we focused on the IP global initiative, which takes proven solutions within a local market and
expands their footprint to benefit additional geographies and industries. Through the initiative, more clients benefitted
from CGI’s time-tested, repeatable and differentiated IP. In addition, we continued our focus on pulling together
robust IP and business architectures to provide clients with comprehensive offerings most critical to addressing
their needs, such as:
    • The Protect the Bank offering leverages key CGI IP solutions, such as our HotScan filtering software, with a
      number of digital enablers (cyber protection, command and control, artificial intelligence, intelligent self-learning
      and big data) to help banks drive efficiency and effectiveness in protecting against financial crime.
    • The Protect the Payer solution suite draws on our experience in recovering $2.5 billion of improperly paid health
      claims and combines key CGI IP, such as our data-driven CGI ProperPay solution for claims fraud, waste and
      abuse, along with our HotScan filtering software and cybersecurity solutions, backed by CGI’s audit services.
    • The Future Cities solution suite supports local governments in building smarter, more sustainable cities through
      a robust suite of IP services and solutions that support citizen participation, energy management, government
      administration, health and social services, education, public safety, transformation and tourism, recreation
      and culture.


                                                                                                                         17
WE INNOVATE




  2016 business solution highlights

  Portfolio of   150+ mission-critical IP solutions
  Representative sampling of CGI’s digital IP footprint:
      • CGI Atlas360 is used in 100 locations and 70 countries to provide a cost-efficient, global contact center
        network via SaaS and omni-channel customer relationship management solutions.
      • Leveraged by clients across industries and geographies, CGI Collections360 is a comprehensive managed
        services approach to collections and recovery that combines software, business processes and IT services
        to manage and improve the collections life cycle for commercial and government organizations.
      • CGI Trade360 supports global trade services for more than 33,000 portal users in 90 countries.
      • CGI CommunityCare360 is a patient-centric care management solution used by more than
        10,000 clinicians and mobile care workers, increasing time dedicated to in-home patients by up to 65%.
      • With nearly 100 client implementations, Ratabase provides insurance rating and underwriting software
        across personal and commercial lines of business.
      • CGI Unify360 is an integrated suite of software, services and tools — including a backbone of analytics,
        automation and robotics — that provides for the unified management of clients’ hybrid IT environments and
        enables improved service quality and operational efficiency.
      • Utilities solutions include the Asset Resource Management (ARM) and Pragma solution suites, which
        provide asset, outage and mobile workforce management for some of the largest electric utilities in the world;
        Sm@rtering, which enables meter data management (MDM), data collection, network supervision and other
        smart grid functionalities; and RMS (Renewables Management System) for the supervision, control and
        analysis of renewable power plants.

  View more CGI IP at cgi.com/solutions.



18
                                                                                                    2016 ANNUAL REVIEW
SOLUTION SPOTLIGHT

Evolving with the needs of our clients
CGI Advantage enterprise resource planning
CGI Advantage ERP represents CGI’s largest IP solution, and it continues to grow. Our first client was the City of
New York 40 years ago, and today the solution is a digital accelerator for hundreds of state and local government
ERP programs in the United States.
Listening to our clients, we have continuously evolved CGI Advantage. Its next major release will include further digital
transformation functionality, such as an enhanced user experience based on responsive design and the integration of
leading data analytics capabilities.
As a testament to the solution’s continuous growth and evolution, CGI renews and adds new clients to its expansive
user base on an ongoing basis. In September 2016, for example, CGI announced that it had been awarded a contract to
maintain and modernize financial management systems for the State of Maine through 2026. CGI will provide managed
services and solutions that strengthen cloud security, improve financial management and streamline case workflow for
139 state agencies. The media announcement included this testimonial:

“ The state will benefit from CGI’s innovative private-cloud approach to reduce risk and deliver to our needs.
  The solution offered us the ability to leverage CGI’s knowledge and experience without the need for us to provide
   our own infrastructure, security or technical expertise. This approach provides us the greatest level of efficiency
   and keeps our focus and attention on serving the needs of the state.
                                                                          ”
   Doug Cotnoir, State Controller
   State of Maine
   Augusta, Maine, United States




                                                                                                                         19
WE INNOVATE

INNOVATING WITH AND FOR OUR CLIENTS
Sharing best practices through CGI and industry conferences
At CGI, client projects make up our “shop floor” and, through these projects, we innovate together with clients to
digitally transform their businesses. At the core of this co-innovation with clients is engaging regularly through our Client
Partnership Management Framework and Voice of Our Clients program (see pages 9-10). We also engage through
leading user conferences, industry events and more. Here are some example events:

CLIENT CONFERENCES
CGI Forum: Every year, the CGI Forum brings together CGI Advantage users to share best practices for maximizing
their investment in this leading, built-for-government solution. In 2016, 380 clients attended, taking advantage of more
than 80 educational sessions.
Innovations (Credit Management Conference): Nearly 200 clients attended CGI’s annual Innovations conference
in 2016 to learn more about credit and default management trends, best practices and solutions. Key focus areas
included operations, fraud prevention, lending and risk management.
Ratkaisu: CGI’s business unit in Finland organizes the Ratkaisu (English meaning Solution) event each year to bring
together clients and prospects to discuss key trends such as digitalization, cybersecurity, innovation and the customer
experience. In 2016, the event — “A Digital Journey” — brought together more than 1,000 clients, prospects, partners
and CGI subject matter experts to discuss innovative ideas for how clients can accelerate their digital transformation.
The in-person event also brought the conversation into digital channels, with #Ratkaisu16 being the most popular
hashtag in Finland on the day of the event.




20
                                                                                                          2016 ANNUAL REVIEW




INDUSTRY EVENTS
HIMSS: CGI participates in HIMSS (Health Information
and Management Systems Society) — the health
information management industry’s largest annual
conference and exhibition. CGI health experts present the
latest innovations in health IT. In 2016, they showed clients
how CGI can help deliver safer, more cost-effective and
personalized care through digital technologies such as
next-generation analytics, cybersecurity and cyberprivacy.
Sibos: Sibos is attended by thousands of finance leaders
from across the globe. Our experts participate in the event
each year, hosting educational and networking sessions
that cover key trends and related CGI offerings. During
the 2016 event, CGI announced our Protect the Bank
offering and released two industry-leading studies — the
“Global Transaction Banking Survey” and “FinTech
Disruption in Financial Services.”
                                                                           CGI experts and clients meet at the CGI booth
                                                                               at Sibos 2016 in Geneva, Switzerland.




CGI’s Ratkaisu16 conference held in Helsinki, Finland, brought together executives from Finland’s commercial and government
organizations with CGI leaders and experts to discuss innovative ideas for how clients and prospects can accelerate their
digital transformation.


                                                                                                                              21
We lead.




Bringing legacy and digital together
to drive enterprise-wide transformation
Our face-to-face interviews with more than 1,000 business and IT leaders
in 2016 revealed an accelerated focus on integrating legacy and digital
technologies to deliver enterprise-wide change in today’s digital world.
CGI applies our industry knowledge and technology expertise to help clients
navigate the complexity of digitalization across people, processes and
technology and create strategic advantage.




22
                                                                                                                  2016 ANNUAL REVIEW

INDUSTRY EXPERTISE
Industries are digitally transforming at different paces
Sixty percent of business and technology executives as
shared in the CGI Global 1000 outlook said their organizations
are in the early stages of digital transformation.                                                                        Business
                                                                                                                          Urgency
                                                                                                Communications
                                                                     CONSUMER
The CGI Global 1000 outlook explores the findings and                INTENSIVE
insights across our 10 focused industries as organized                                                             Banking
                                                                                                      Retail
against the digital transformation S-curve as seen at right.
An organization’s climb up the S-curve depends on the
market dynamics of its industry and the nature of its business.                                                Manufacturing
                                                                      BUSINESS            Transport &
Organizations within consumer‑intensive industries are                INTENSIVE              Logistics
ahead of the pack in terms of their progress, followed by                                                  Utilities
asset-intensive and risk- and investment-intensive industries,
respectively.
                                                                  RISK & INVESTMENT
The outlook (see page 47) draws out the similarities and              INTENSIVE                          Government

differences of these industries in terms of trends, priorities                     Healthcare        Insurance
and plans. In this Annual Review, we share examples of how             Political
we are a leading IT services partner to the industries we serve        Urgency           Oil & Gas

and how we are helping to lead their digital transformation.

CGI is helping to lead clients on their digital transformation journeys
We understand our clients’ digital challenges and opportunities, and are working closely with them to define and
implement digital strategies and roadmaps.

Consumer-intensive industries
Banking, communications, retail and consumer services
Organizations in consumer-intensive industries are experiencing a high urgency to digitally transform
their business models to meet increasing customer demands for new products and services, as well
as omni-channel, real-time and personalized service delivery. CGI works with banks, communications
service providers (CSPs) and retailers across the globe to help them win the battle for today’s
digital customer.

    Banking
    • We serve 22 of the top 30 banks globally and 23 of the top 25 banks in both North America and Europe.
    • We’ve completed 350+ implementations of our collections, recoveries and loan origination solutions.
    • CGI Trade360 supports global trade finance for 33,000+ portal users in 90+ countries.
    • Nearly $1.6 trillion in assets are managed through CGI’s portfolio management, investment fund and asset
      management solutions.
    • CGI has been leading global payments infrastructure for over 40 years.
    • We have worked with our top 10 banking clients as their strategic partner for an average of 25 years.

    Communications
    • We partner with 6 of the world’s top CSPs in support of their billing, order orchestration, revenue assurance
      or customer care transformation.
    • CGI works closely with Bell Canada to create IT solutions that enhance efficiency, reduce costs and improve
      the customer experience at Canada’s largest and fastest-growing communications company.
    • We support 18 million+ active machine-to-machine devices globally, helping our clients to grow average revenue
      per user and diversify revenues.
    • We manage 1 billion+ wireless call detail records every day for leading CSPs through network mediation systems,
      helping our clients optimize operations through re-engineering and process automation.

    Retail and consumer services
    • Our 4,300 retail professionals support 700+ clients globally across the retail, wholesale, consumer packaged
      goods and consumer services sectors.
    • CGI partners with 6 of the largest grocery chains in Europe, delivering omni-channel services and solutions that
      improve and enhance the customer experience.
    • CGI has partnered with 5 of the world’s top 10 luxury good brands, improving personalization through the better
      use of data and analytics.
    • Our world-class Retail and Consumer Services Center of Excellence, which incorporates the latest retail
      technologies and solutions, enables our clients to look into their future and understand the type of differentiated
      experience they can provide to their end customers.



                                                                                                                                     23
WE LEAD




Asset-intensive industries
Utilities, manufacturing, transportation
Whether keeping the lights on, producing goods or transporting goods from one port to another,
companies in asset-intensive industries must make massive operational investments and maintain
complex technologies. CGI is helping them to reduce their run costs to free up investment for change
through digital technologies, such as robotics, Internet of Things, cloud and mobility.

    Utilities
    • We partner with 250+ electric, water and gas clients worldwide, as well as 8 of the 10 largest utilities in both
      Europe and North America.
    • CGI designed and built 12 of the 18 central market systems in the world, with a majority still operated by CGI
      in multiple countries.
    • Our smart data services for smart metering are deployed by a majority of UK electricity suppliers.
    • CGI’s involvement with high-profile smart grid projects such as Low Carbon London has led to our recognition
      as a smart grid systems integrator worldwide.
    • Our award-winning Renewables Management System (RMS) solution controls more than 7,000 turbines
      on 600 wind farms in 9 countries across the globe.

    Manufacturing
    • We serve 700+ manufacturing clients in a wide range of sectors, including automotive, aerospace, high tech,
      mining, metals, pulp and paper, and chemicals.
    • Our 2,800+ supply chain experts help clients drive down costs and increase productivity and agility to
      transform and grow.
    • CGI’s Manufacturing Atlas methodology has helped hundreds of clients optimize manufacturing IT,
      drive operational excellence and enable greater personalization.
    • For the past 17 years, we have tracked the latest trends in manufacturing execution systems (MES) through our
      MES product survey, which captures key data from 66 MES suppliers from around the world to help our clients
      and partners navigate this complex market.
    • A Michelin partner for many years, CGI is working with Michelin to transform and optimize business processes
      and IT across customer services, including supply chain and logistics, and marketing and sales.

    Transportation, Post and Logistics
    • We work with 207 clients in the post and logistics, aviation, rail, maritime, and road and regional transit sectors.
    • CGI uses predictive analytics, mobile apps, gamification and sensor technology to help clients, such as Helsingin
      Bussiliikenne Oy (HelB), a bus operator in Helsinki, the City of Rotterdam and transport provider DHL Express
      in the Netherlands to reduce fuel consumption and carbon emissions and improve driver safety.
    • CGI is supporting transport and logistics companies by using iBeacon technology to improve operational
      efficiencies and the customer experience. CGI helped Posti in Finland, for example, become the first in the
      world to integrate iBeacon technology for indoor parcel tracking, making it easier for customers to pick up and
      drop off parcels.


24
                                                                                                    2016 ANNUAL REVIEW




     • Using CGI Traffic360, we monitor more than 22,000 kilometers of tolled roads in the Czech Republic, Slovakia
       and Poland to ensure maximum toll collection.
     • Pro Logistica is a CGI-built, enterprise-wide mobile retail solution used by 28 airlines worldwide that provides
       flexible mobile retailing functionality for managing onboard sales and stock movement.
     • Our GO Airport Operations Suite offers a comprehensive business and technology platform used by 10 airports
       in Portugal serving approximately 39 million passengers per year to optimize airport operations management.
     • We offer award-winning customer intelligence solutions, such as our mobile apps iNStapp for train occupancy,
       My Train for train arrival and Helsinki Journey Planner for trip planning.




 “
 Transforming legacy systems with digital solutions to drive operational excellence and customer satisfaction
“We turned to CGI for digital solutions and system integration and maintenance services to help streamline our power grid
 operations, as well as implement innovative mobile workforce management capabilities across the organization. CGI’s
 Pragma outage and workforce management solutions have played a key role in our strategy to transform our legacy
 electric power system into an intelligent, integrated and automated smart grid. Both solutions have enabled us to drive
 operational excellence, while reducing costs and delivering a higher level of customer engagement and satisfaction.”
 David Thomas, Executive Corporate Technical Consultant, Strategic Systems
 EPB
 Chattanooga, Tennessee, United States

 Helping drive tangible innovation through CGI’s Retail and Consumer Services Center of Excellence
“In the retail industry, we hear much about technology, at times just for technology’s sake. But what is showcased here,
 is close — at least as close as possible — to the real in-store customer experience, and this allows us to visualize how
 clients can use these solutions and how it improves their experience.”
 Medhi Zouari, Chief Digital Officer
 Auchan
 Lille, France

“The customer journey we experienced at the Center of Excellence highlights how technologies can be integrated. I found
 this extremely interesting.”
 David Haverlant, Chief Information Officer
 Auchan
 Lille, France



                                                                                                                          ”
                                                                                                                      25
WE LEAD




Risk- and investment-intensive industries
Government, health, insurance, oil and gas
Within risk- and investment-intensive industries, the urgency to digitally transform is driven by
regulation and politics, as well as consumer or citizen demands. In addition, competition from
new digital players is hindered by heavy regulation and high levels of required investment. Most
organizations are in the digital race, but moving at a slower pace than organizations in other
industries. CGI is partnering with them for the long term.

    Government
    • CGI has partnered with 2,000+ national, state, provincial and local governments.
    • CGI solutions have enabled U.S. public sector tax and revenue clients to collect $5 billion+ in additional
      revenues that otherwise would not have been collected.
    • Our community policing solution, Burgernet, is a great success in the Netherlands, with 1.5 million+ people
      participating nationwide.
    • CGI is part of the European Space Operations Centre team, which guided Rosetta’s Philae probe to land on
      a comet.
    • We help clients support NATO’s “Smart Defense” approach through solutions such as a command and control
      collaboration portal that is interoperable in all NATO structures.

    Health
    • Around the world we support 1,000+ health facilities, health plans serving 195 million+ people, and
      3 million providers.
    • CGI CommunityCare360 enables mobility and streamlines care delivery by connecting patients, clinicians, home
      care workers and first responders. It is used by more 10,000 clinicians and mobile care workers, increasing
      time dedicated to in-home patients by up to 65%.
    • CGI ProperPay for reducing claims fraud, waste and abuse has helped payers recover $2.5 billion in lost
      payments due to improper claims.
    • 200,000 professionals use our Sovera solution to improve efficiencies in managing 6 billion+ patient records.
    • CGI’s e-CareLogic Integrated Clinical Electronic Records system integrates with various clinical systems within
      the hospital and across care settings, building a holistic view of patient data. Mypatient is the mobile version of
      this solution, providing clinicians with access to results on their mobile devices.
    • We support 55 million+ Americans served by Medicare.gov, which has been made more accessible and
      customer-centric with the help of CGI.

    Insurance
    • We work with 7 of the top 10 global insurers.
    • CGI’s Ratabase rating and pricing engine has been successfully implemented for more than 100 P&C and
      life insurers. Ratabase received top honors from Celent in three of its four award categories in 2016, including
      Customer Base, Depth of Client Services and Breadth of Functionality, as cited in its report, “North American
      Rating Engines: 2016 Property & Casualty ABCD Vendor View.”
    • We provide nearly 16 million risk information reports annually to insurers, brokers and agents.

26
                                                                                                         2016 ANNUAL REVIEW




     • We help insurers enter the world of cyber insurance through end-to-end services and solutions.
     • We have worked with our top 30 insurance clients as their strategic partner for an average of 16 years.

     Oil and gas
     • We are a partner to all oil and gas majors globally, providing services across the value chain, including
       exploration and production, refining, supply and distribution and B2B/B2C retail.
     • CGI’s Exploration2Revenue (X2R) Business Suite delivers robust solutions for joint venture, land and production
       management using mobile, digital and cloud technologies.
     • CGI systems process 1.5 billion fuel card transactions and manage $100 billion in fuel card payments per year.
     • 95% of UK oil and gas offshore personnel movements are tracked by CGI’s VantagePoB solution.
     • We are a cloud services provider for 30 upstream operators, managing more than 700 joint ventures.


 “
 Leveraging transformational outsourcing and digital services to drive forward digital transformation
“We partnered with CGI in the outsourcing of our life and non-life insurance and administrative application services
 to boost our operational efficiency and provide even better services to our customers — and, as a result, reduced our
 application management and development costs and increased productivity. OP also is enhancing the agility of our
 functions with CGI’s help through the adoption of the scaled agile framework model (SAFe). We chose CGI because
 of its industry knowledge, scalability and international expertise, in addition to its ability to meet our high standards of
 service delivery excellence. Our partnership with CGI helps us to continue to take advantage of the new opportunities
 brought by digitalization so we can continue to be the best financial provider to our customers.”
 Juho Malmberg, Chief Information Officer
 OP Financial Group
 Helsinki, Finland

 Developing a digital system that improves data insights and patient care
“This system has helped us greatly at Helsinki City Rescue Department as it gives us an effective tool for emergency
 care situations offering the same standard of service to all our patients. On a single emergency care situation it’s
 beneficial that the patient’s vital data can be measured by a multi-defibrillator and that together with the data entered
 by paramedics can be viewed in real time at the treating hospital. This allows the ER doctor in charge to easily get a
 snapshot of the patient’s situation and hence be fully prepared on arrival of the patient. Merlot Medi is one of the main
 reasons why our patients’ care has improved in recent years.”
 Kari Porthan, EMS Chief
 Helsinki City Rescue Department
 Helsinki, Finland
 Merlot Medi was developed by CGI with the Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa and Helsinki City
 Rescue Department.



                                                                                                                                ”
                                                                                                                            27
WE LEAD




Representative thought leadership
PROVIDING INSIGHTS FOR OUR CLIENTS
As digital transformation accelerates, CGI provides clients with insights into the latest industry and technology topics
most important to their business. Each year, we produce a number of original reports — through our own research and in
co-authorship with leading institutions — to capture the current state and the road ahead.
These reports, many of which are produced year-over-year, support our clients in informing their priorities and
investments. As part of our commitment to being an expert of choice, CGI continuously works to provide thought
leadership that addresses common challenges or opportunities facing our clients and proposing sound and successful
solutions.
Representative research for 2016 includes:


Global
                    In 2016, we met in-person with                                CGI surveyed 1,670 bank consumers
                    1,000+ business and technology                                in 2016 to learn about their digital
                    leaders across 10 industries                                  banking preferences and the
                    and 20 countries to discuss                                   implications for our bank clients.
                    trends, challenges and priorities.                            The CGI report, FinTech Disruption
                    The resulting insights formed the                             in Financial Services, confirms that
                    CGI Global 1000 outlook, which                                consumers want digital services from
                    shares the trends impacting clients’                          their current financial institutions.
                    organizations and how they plan
                    to address the challenges and
                    opportunities through their business
                    and technology priorities and plans.



                    Since 2012, CGI has partnered                                 CGI’s Data to Diamonds book
                    with GTNews to conduct a global                               discusses in detail the transformation
                    transaction banking survey that                               of data into value-driving products,
                    assesses the perspectives of                                  services and insights. Authored
                    both corporates and their banks.                              by CGI’s global digital insight
                    The 2016 Transaction Banking                                  experts, the 2016 edition points the
                    Survey: Report of Survey Insights                             way forward for businesses and
                    examines the relationship between                             government organizations looking to
                    corporates and banks, what banks                              build stronger customer relationships,
                    see as their biggest barriers to                              improve operations and generate new
                    growth, and how the implementation                            sources of revenue.
                    of the revised Payment Services
                    Directive (PSD2) has had an impact
                    on the industry.




28
                                                                                                  2016 ANNUAL REVIEW




                    France                                                        Nordics
                    The 2016 edition of Baromètre is                              For the 2016 CGI Nordic Citizen
                    based upon the insights gained from                           Survey, CGI surveyed 2,000 people
                    CGI’s Voice of Our Clients program’s                          aged 16-30 years across the Nordics
                    face-to-face interviews with our                              to assess their expectations and
                    clients in France. It highlights the                          preferences for digital services in
                    digital innovations, challenges and                           the public sector. The report shares
                    priorities of the French market.                              knowledge of these citizens’ digital
                                                                                  lives and their willingness to engage
                                                                                  with public services, and provides
                                                                                  recommendations for how public
                                                                                  organizations can make the most of
                                                                                  this situation.


                    United Kingdom                                                United States
                    In the 2016 report, Cyber Security                            The CGI-Governing Institute
                    in the Boardroom: UK plc at                                   Guide to Cybersecurity as Risk
                    Risk, CGI, in conjunction with the                            Management: The Role of Elected
                    Centre for Economics and Business                             Officials helps elected officials
                    Research, surveyed 150 business                               effectively combat cyber risks
                    leaders from the UK’s largest                                 through assessing, identifying,
                    commercial companies. The resulting                           analyzing and managing risks to the
                    report offers insight into how UK                             government enterprise. It spells out
                    boardrooms prioritize, govern and                             cyber risks and provides information
                    invest in cybersecurity.                                      to help public officials fulfill their
                                                                                  responsibilities and safeguard their
                                                                                  communities.

CGI also maintains a series of global and country-level blog channels that cover top industry and technology topics.
Discover our latest thinking at cgi.com/blogs.




                                                                                                                    29
We deliver.




         Building on a
         foundation of
         operational excellence
         CGI clients want consistency of service
         wherever they engage us, whenever
         they engage us. In 2016, we continued
         our outstanding track record of on-time,
         within‑budget delivery as a result of our
         passion for excellence and alignment with the
         ISO-certified CGI Management Foundation.
         This Foundation gives us a common business
         language, standards and frameworks to
         conduct all operations consistently across
         the globe, with a focus on continuous
         improvement.


30
                                                                                                      2016 ANNUAL REVIEW

HOLISTIC APPROACH
Helping clients transform to become digital organizations end-to-end
The CGI Global 1000 outlook reveals that our client executives are challenged to balance investments in running the
business and those needed to change the business. With more than 40 years of experience, we have put in place
the key building blocks to help clients succeed in a holistic manner at every point along their digital journeys:
    • End-to-end services equip us to work with clients to design, build, secure and operate for their digital future
    • Strong foundation enables us to deliver in a consistent and successful manner around the world
    • Client proximity model co-locates our members with our clients, fostering and delivering innovation from the
      “shop floor”
    • Enabling solutions help accelerate our clients’ digital transformation through CGI’s intellectual property, global
      delivery network, methodologies and strategic partnerships
    • Talented professionals bring expertise and these capabilities to our clients each day




CASE STUDY

California Franchise Tax Board
Increasing revenue, transparency and taxpayer service
Government agencies are optimizing business processes and modernizing their IT environments to free up resources for
transformational programs. A case in point is the California Franchise Tax Board (FTB). As the second largest U.S. tax
agency after the Internal Revenue Service, FTB handles 20 million tax returns and 80 million website visits each year.
Since 2011, FTB has partnered with CGI to modernize its tax systems through the Enterprise-Data-to-Revenue (EDR)
project. It is one of the largest IT projects for the State, touching nearly every taxpayer in California. The EDR project has
successfully addressed business problems FTB hired CGI to achieve, including:
    • Data availability: Returns are now corrected, payments and taxpayers are properly identified, more fraud goes
      detected, and cases are properly prioritized and assigned the most effective strategy and resources because more
      data is now available, shared and less costly to maintain.
    • Filing business processes: Returns take less overall time to process, business changes take a shorter time
      to implement, data is captured, returns are corrected and performance can be monitored because return filing
      processes have been updated.
    • System redundancy and reuse: Systems and functionality are less costly to develop and maintain because they
      are no longer redundant, have a common technology platform and are integrated.
    • Filing self-services: Taxpayer self-services are no longer limited due to outdated technologies and limited security.
    • Data analysis: Noncompliance discovery and fraud detection, tracking and prevention are improved through
      state‑of-the-art enterprise modeling.
EDR is a continuous digitization project that replaces manual paper processes and uses leading data and analytics
techniques to enable FTB to administer the tax system more effectively. It provides a common view of information to
improve transparency and citizen service. To date, EDR revenue increases have exceeded targets, realizing $2.8 billion
as of October 2016 and hitting its goal for the entire project early. As a performance-based, benefits-funded project,
CGI services are paid from state revenue generated.

“ The  EDR project success is not a fluke. The CGI team has been successful due to strengths in five key areas. These
  include planning and phasing the project; effective processes, including risk management; teaming with the FTB staff;
   use of modern technology tools; and optimizing the solution for success and taxpayer needs.
                                                                                                     ”
   Cathy Cleek, Chief Information Officer
   California Franchise Tax Board
   Sacramento, California, United States


                                                                                                                         31
 WE DELIVER
2016 new business and renewal highlights
 Digital technologies are changing fundamentally how our clients operate and innovate. Throughout 2016, CGI began,
 extended and renewed client partnerships at all phases of their digital journeys, as reported in these sample media
 announcements:


 “
 Transport giant DB Schenker expands outsourcing agreement with CGI to cover more mission-critical
 applications
“It is extremely important to us that we have an IT partner that understands our business and can meet our need for
 modern, efficient and business-critical IT support.”
                                  Tina Rundström, Senior Vice-President IT Sweden, DB Schenker, Gothenburg, Sweden


 ELEXON contracts CGI for three-year £20m business processing and IT outsourcing agreement
“This outsourced agreement with CGI provides significant expertise, capability and a modern, scalable infrastructure at
 highly competitive rates. We will save over £1 million annually in our fixed IT running costs, which is great news for our
 customers and demonstrates ELEXON’s ability to continue to deliver value for money to the industry.”
                                                                 Mark Bygraves, CEO, ELEXON, London, United Kingdom


 Scottish Borders Council awards long-term £92 million outsourced digital services contract to CGI
“This is a landmark deal for the Scottish Borders as we join forces with one of the leading IT companies in the world to
 offer a once in a generation transformational opportunity for the region.”
                                                David Parker, Scottish Borders Council Leader, Scotland, United Kingdom


 SNC‑Lavalin and CGI sign IT outsourcing agreement
“The agreement will yield an average annual savings of 20% in terms of our IT operating costs for the duration of the
 contract. This will enable us to reinvest to improve our competitiveness in the global engineering and construction
 marketplace. It is the first of many business improvement initiatives that will be completed as part of our Operational
 Excellence approach, which we launched at the end of March. Designed to improve our efficiency and execution, it will
 enable us to focus on what we do best — leveraging our global engineering and construction expertise to deliver on our
 clients’ specific needs.”
                                        Neil Bruce, President and Chief Executive Officer, SNC‑Lavalin, Montréal, Canada


 CGI enters into 10-year modernization agreement with Sears Canada
“CGI’s long-term commitment, hands-on approach, and the alignment of the agreement with Sears Canada’s goals made
 CGI an ideal partner to provide technology support and services for our current platform.”
               Becky Penrice, Executive Vice-President and Chief Operating Officer, Sears Canada Inc., Toronto, Canada


 CGI signs eight-year contract with La Banque Postale
“We’ve worked together for 12 years now, and CGI’s teams know how to organize and assist us to ensure that our major
 transformation projects are successful by helping us achieve greater flexibility for financing some of our key investments.”
                     Patrick Renouvin, Chief Information Officer, La Banque Postale and Réseau La Poste, Paris, France


 DCNS entrusts CGI with its technology support
“The approach proposed by CGI ensures a more appropriate allocation of our resources and an application support model
 focused much more on prevention and user satisfaction. Under the agreement, our partner is also committed to helping
 us achieve our overall performance objectives on a day-to-day basis. And, with its global presence, CGI is the ideal
 partner to help us achieve our ambitions by providing efficient, agile support for our international development strategy.”
                                                        Michèle Fouchard, Chief Information Officer, DCNS, Brest, France


 Hydro Tasmania extends 15-year relationship with CGI
“Tasmania has the competitive advantage of being the nation’s renewable energy powerhouse, but it is important for us to
 manage risks and improve efficiencies in the highly competitive National Electricity Market given the current challenges
 facing the industry across the country. To date, our partnership with CGI has enabled us to focus on our core business
 and position us well for leaner financial times ahead.”
                                               Luke Stow, Chief Information Officer, Hydro Tasmania, Melbourne, Australia


32
                                                                                                     2016 ANNUAL REVIEW
 CGI realizes cross-channel e-commerce solution for mobilcom-debitel
“Our new e-commerce platform is the foundation for the further digitalization of our business model. With CGI, we have
 a partner that optimally supports us because they understand our organization and business requirements.”
                            Florian Wolf, Head of IT Customer & Commerce Systems, mobilcom-debitel, Berlin, Germany


 Awards recognize CGI as top tech integrator in government: Engagements in California and Kentucky earn
 Center for Digital Government honors
“From the first meeting, CGI performed as a true partner and collaborated with the City to establish a unified and cohesive
 City-CGI team. Our partnership on this innovative performance budgeting solution is putting the multiple benefits of
 centralization, standardization and automation to work for the City of Los Angeles. We are pleased to see the company
 receive this prestigious honor.”
                             Ben Ceja, Assistant City Administrative Officer, City of Los Angeles, California, United States

“CGI not only provided an offering that addressed the Commonwealth’s challenges, but also brought the staff and
 expertise required to deliver the project within budget and on schedule. Congratulations to CGI for this recognition
 as a best fit integrator. Working together, we are realizing DOR’s vision of improved citizen service and increased
 revenue recovery.”
         Mark Gillim, Executive Director of the Office of Processing and Enforcement, Kentucky Department of Revenue,
                                                                                     Frankfort, Kentucky, United States



DIGITAL EXPERTISE                                                                                                           ”
Strategy and technology to create digitally connected enterprises
 As an expert of choice, CGI helps clients maximize the benefits of digital technology identified in our CGI Global 1000
 outlook as key enablers of transformation. Today, we partner with our clients to support their most strategic and visible
 initiatives to innovate and secure their mission-critical technology. The combination of listening, innovating and leading
 ensures operational excellence in delivering on-target solutions for our clients.

         CGI’s enablers of digital transformation                           CGI Global 1000 client insights

                Enterprise transformation
      • digital strategy and roadmap • human capital           72%        identified overcoming internal resistance
                                                               to embedding a digital-first culture as the top barrier to
      strategy • technology strategy and architecture
                                                               implementing digital transformation
       Customer-centric business transformation
   • customer experience • innovation and collaboration
          • digital first customer • customer value            62%           rated improve customer/citizen experience
                                                               as their top business priority
    People, process and technology transformation
      • digital insights • digital employee • intelligent
    automation • Internet of Things • SaaS • digital BPS       76%         plan to increase or maintain investment in
                                                               changing their organizations including new digital services
            IT operating model transformation
     • IT modernization • transformational outsourcing
   • cybersecurity • agile and DevOps • hybrid IT/cloud        75%         cited rationalizing and modernizing IT to
                                                               reduce costs as their top IT priority




                                                                                                                            33
WE DELIVER

BEST-FIT DELIVERY
Providing local accountability and global delivery
CGI’s best-fit delivery model combines the deep talent pool of our extensive     CGI is ranked as a “Leader” on
global delivery network with locally based teams to deliver competitive          The 2016 Global Outsourcing 100®
services that are highly responsive to client needs. Our client proximity        of the International Association of
model empowers local teams to develop strong client relationships and gain       Outsourcing Professionals® giving
deep knowledge of our clients’ industries and businesses, as well as be firmly   CGI “Sustained Excellence” status
rooted in our clients’ markets and communities. These teams are backed by a      for having made the GO100 list for
comprehensive global delivery network of onshore, nearshore and offshore         5 consecutive years.
delivery technology and industry experts who operate seamlessly to provide
consistent, high-value results.




34
                                                                                                 2016 ANNUAL REVIEW


2016 highlights

Global delivery
CGI enhanced our global delivery capabilities and celebrated milestones and recognition, including:
    • Marking 10 years of service from centers in Prague, Czech Republic, and Lebanon, Virginia, United States
    • Receiving the “Innovation and New Market” award from the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of
      Shawinigan in recognition of CGI’s Shawinigan Center of Excellence in Quebec, Canada
    • Dedicating our 50,000 square foot center in Lafayette, Louisiana, United States

     “CGI’s arrival in Louisiana has helped elevate our state’s status as a leading destination for knowledge-based
      employers and the creative professionals who help them thrive.”
                                                                         John Bel Edwards, Governor of Louisiana
                                                        (from May 17, 2016, media announcement on the dedication)
    • Hiring 500 members in South Wales, United Kingdom, where our team has been awarded both 5-Star
      Service Desk Certification from the Service Desk Institute (SDI) and Transformation Project of the Year at
      the DataCenterDynamics EMEA Awards

     “CGI is one of our Anchor Companies and I am delighted to hear it has already created hundreds of jobs well
      ahead of schedule.”
                       Edwina Hart, former Minister of Business, Enterprise, Technology and Science, South Wales
                                               (from March 31, 2016, media announcement to mark the milestone)

Specialized expertise
    • A Digital Transformation — Industrialization and Innovation Center of Excellence was established jointly in
      Montpellier and Toulouse, France, to drive forward clients’ digital transformation with the latest innovations
      in social, mobility, analytics, cloud and security (SMACS).
    • Cybersecurity centers were opened in Finland, France, the Netherlands and the U.S., adding to our global
      network of security operations centers (SOCs) and security capabilities.

Adding to our team
CGI is committed to being a consolidator in the industry. We target firms identified by clients as partners of choice
through the CGI Global 1000 insights to augment our metro market footprint and industry and digital capabilities.
In 2016, key acquisitions included:
    • Alcyane in Paris, providing consulting and applications services with an emphasis on investment banking to
      financial institutions in France and globally
    • Collaborative Consulting in Boston, providing IT and consulting services capabilities throughout
      New England in areas such as business process and program management; IT strategy, performance
      and quality services; and end-to-end digital solutions
    • JSL in Toronto, with deep relationships in Canada’s banks and strong capabilities in high-end IT consulting,
      including agile development



                                                                                 Spotlight on Asia-Pacific
                                                                                 In 2016, CGI’s Asia-Pacific delivery
                                                                                 centers continued to expand their
                                                                                 capabilities and grew by more
                                                                                 than 20% to meet ever-growing
                                                                                 demand from CGI clients. Solution
                                                                                 architects and other experts from
                                                                                 these centers play an integral role in
                                                                                 working with our client-facing metro
                                                                                 market teams to develop best-fit
                                                                                 solutions for our clients. Key focus
                                                                                 areas include:
                                                                                  • Information technology with
                                                                                    vertical industry specialization
                                                                                  • Card-based systems
                                                                                  • Voice-based services and business
                                                                                    process services


                                                                                                                       35
GLOBAL FOOTPRINT



A strong local presence in hundreds
of communities around the world

          Juneau


                                                                                 CANADA


                                             Edmonton

                                                                                                                 Markham
                                                           Saskatoon                                             Mississauga
                                 Calgary                                                                         Toronto
                                                               Regina
                  Vancouver
     Victoria
                                                                                                                                                       Saguenay
                   Seattle
                                                                                                                                                       Québec City
                Olympia                                                                                                                         Shawinigan                           Stratford
                                                                                                                                                                    Fredericton
                                                                                                                                                     Montréal
                                                                                                  Wausau                                    Ottawa            Sherbrooke       Moncton
                                                                              Minneapolis
                                       UNITED STATES                                                                                         St. Albans City        Waterville       Halifax
                                        OF AMERICA                                                                                                        Somersworth
                                                                                                                                                      Albany      Portsmouth
                                                                                                            Lansing          Detroit
                                                                                                                                         Buffalo
                                                                                                  Chicago                                        Hartford                                 Boston
                                                                                                                    Cleveland                                Gales Ferry
                                                                                                                          Pittsburgh       Jersey City                                    Burlington
                                                      Denver                                                                           Philadelphia    New York City                      Mansfield
                                                          Aurora                                                 Columbus                            Trenton
                                               Lakewood                                                                                                                                   Wilmington
                                                                                                                                 Athens
                    Sacramento                                                   Fairview Heights         Louisville
                   Oakland                                                                                  Frankfort
  San Francisco                                                                                                              Lebanon                           Annapolis Junction
                                                                                                                                                               Baltimore
                                                                               Oklahoma City                                     Durham                        Fairfax
                                                                                                                    Greenville                                 Lexington Park
                                                                                                    Huntsville                              Fayetteville
                                                                    Lawton                                                                                     Manassas
                                                                                    Hot Springs                    Atlanta             Columbia
                  Los Angeles                                                                                                                                  Newport News
                                 Phoenix
                                           Tempe                                                    Birmingham                                                 Norfolk
                     San Diego                                         Fort Worth Dallas                                                 Charleston
                                    Tucson                El Paso                                                                                              Richmond
                                                                                                                Troy                                           Sterling
                                             Sierra Vista      San Angelo         Belton    Lafayette                                                          Washington, D.C.
                                                                          Austin    Houston                                       Orange Park
                                                                                                      New Orleans
                                                                           San Antonio
                                                                                                                 Tampa


                                                                                                                                        Miami
                                                                                                                                                                           Americas
                                                                                                                                         San Juan
                Honolulu
                                                                                                                                 PUERTO RICO




                                                                                                                                                                    BRAZIL




                                                                                                                                                                               Mogi das Cruzes
                                                                                                                                                                  São Paulo




                                                                        cgi.com/offices

36
                                                                                                                                                                       2016 ANNUAL REVIEW




                                                                                                      Kiruna
                                                                                                                       FINLAND

Europe                                                                                                    Gällivare

                                                                                                                       Tornio

                                                                                                SWEDEN Luleå
                                                                                                                           Oulu
                                                                                                    Skellefteå
                                                                                                       Umeå
                                                                                              Örnsköldsvik
                                                                                         Östersund              Vaasa        Kuopio
                                                                                                       Härnösand   Jyväskylä      Joensuu
                                                                                         Sundsvall
                                                                          NORWAY                                                  Mikkeli
                                                                                                           Pori
                                                                                                                                    Lappeenranta
                                                                                                      Gävle                                                            Espoo
                                                                              Oslo       Borlänge            Turku
                                                                                                                                                                       Helsinki
                                                                          Sarpsborg                 Västerås                                                           Hämeenlinna
                                                           Haugesund                                    Stockholm
                                                                          Tønsberg                                    Tallinn ESTONIA                                  Kouvola
                                                              Stavanger
                                                                                                                          Tartu                                        Lahti
                                                                                                                                                                       Riihimäki
                                                      Aberdeen             Aalborg                                                                   Bromölla          Tampere
                                   UNITED KINGDOM                   DENMARK                                                                          Eskilstuna
                                                                     Herning Aarhus                                                                  Göteborg
                                    Glasgow       Edinburgh               Copenhagen
                                                   Newtown St Boswells                                                                               Jönköping
                                                                                          Malmö
                                                                            Kolding                                                                  Kalmar
                                                      Newcastle
                                                                                                                                                     Karlskrona
                                                                                                                                  Arnhem             Karlstad
                                           Didsbury                                 Hamburg                                       Eindhoven          Linköping
                                      St Asaph
                                                              NETHERLANDS                            POLAND                       Groningen          Norrköping
                                                                                           Berlin                                 Hoofddorp
                                                                                                      Warsaw                                         Örebro
Birmingham                           Bridgend                              GERMANY       Wroclaw
                                                                                                                                  Maastricht         Oskarshamn
                                                           BELGIUM                                                                Rotterdam
Bristol                                                                           CZECH REPUBLIC                                                     Skara
Chelmsford                                            LUXEMBOURG                               Prague     Krakow
                                                                                                                                  Brussels
Gloucester                                                                                    Brno Ostrava
Leatherhead                                    Rennes Le Mans                                            SLOVAKIA
                                       Brest                                                          Bratislava                  Bertrange
London                                                     Orléans                     Munich
Milton Keynes                                Nantes
Reading                                                   FRANCE                                                                  Bremen
                                                   Niort Limoges Lyon                                                             Darmstadt
                                                 Clermont-Ferrand                                                                 Düsseldorf
                                                                       Grenoble                                                   Erfurt
                                               Bordeaux
                                                        Toulouse       Nice                                                       Karlsruhe
                                                                                   ITALY
                                                    Pau Montpellier Aix-en-Provence                                               Köln
                                                                                                                                  Leinfelden-Echterdingen
                                                                                         Frascati
                                                                                                                                  Mannheim
                                               SPAIN                                                                              Sulzbach
                           Porto                                                                                                  Wolfsburg
                                       Madrid
                    PORTUGAL
                                                                                                                                  Amiens
                Lisbon                                                                                                            Lille
                Odivelas                                                                                                          Paris
                Sacavém               Málaga
                                                                                                                                  Saint-Denis
                Sintra                                                                                                            Strasbourg
                              Rabat
                       Casablanca
                                    MOROCCO




                                              INDIA

                                        Mumbai

                                         Hyderabad
                                                                                                         Manila
                                   Bangalore        Chennai
                                                                                                              PHILIPPINES



                                                                     Kuala Lumpur    MALAYSIA




                                                                                                                          AUSTRALIA
                                                                                                                                                            Brisbane



                                                                                                                                                           Sydney



                                                                                                                                               Melbourne


Asia Pacific                                                                                                                                                  Hobart




                                                                                                                                                                                     37
LEADERSHIP TEAM



CGI’s leadership team

Corporate services

Serge Godin                       George D. Schindler            Julie Godin
Founder and                       President and                  Vice-Chair of the Board,
Executive Chairman                Chief Executive Officer        Chief Planning and Administration Officer
of the Board

                                                                 Stuart A. Forman                  Luc Pinard
                                                                 Senior VP, Global Chief           Executive VP, Corporate
                                                                 Information Officer               Performance

                                                                 Bernard Labelle                   Stanley L. Sims
                                                                 Senior VP, Global Human           VP, Chief
                                                                 Resources                         Security Officer




Global operations
                                                                 EASTERN, CENTRAL                  FRANCE,
                                                                 AND SOUTHERN                      LUXEMBOURG
ASIA PACIFIC                      CANADA                         EUROPE                            AND MOROCCO

Colin Holgate                     Mark Boyajian                  Doug McCuaig                      Jean-Michel Baticle
President                         President                      President                         President


Rakesh Aerath                     Réjean Bernard                 Ron de Mos                        Philippe Bouron
Multi-Industry and                Global Technology Operations   Netherlands                       Business Consulting
Government Delivery Center,
                                  Christian G. Brosseau          José Carlos Gonçalves             Fabien Debû
India
                                  Greater Montréal               Southern Europe and Brazil        East
Mark Aston                        Financial Services
                                                                 Dariusz Gorzeń                    Laurent Gerin
South East Asia
                                  Chantal Buteau                 Poland                            Innovation Center
Robert Dewar                      Québec City                                                      of Excellence
                                                                 Torsten Straß
Australia
                                  Lisa Carroll                   Germany                           Stéphane Jaubert
Vinayak Hegde                     National Capital Region                                          Consumer Packaged Goods
                                                                 Štefan Szabó
Financial Services Delivery                                                                        Retail and Manufacturing
                                  Shawn R. Derby                 Czech Republic, Slovakia
Center, India
                                  Western Canada                 and Eastern Europe                David Kirchhoffer
George Mattackal                                                                                   Financial Services
                                  Michael Godin                  Frank van Nistelrooij
Communication and Enterprise
                                  Greater Montréal Commercial    Services to Shell                 Daniel Lecerf
Services Delivery Center, India
                                  and Public Services                                              North
                                                                 Ben Vicca
Sridhar Ramamurthy
                                  Marie T. MacDonald             Belgium                           Gilles Le Franc
Global Technology Operations
                                  Greater Toronto Commercial                                       West
Delivery Center, India
                                  and Public Services
                                                                                                   Michel Malhomme
Sudhir Subbaraman
                                  Jay Maclsaac                                                     Global Delivery Center
Solutions Delivery Center,
                                  Atlantic Canada
India                                                                                              Pierre-Dominique Martin
                                  Peter Sweers                                                     Transportation, Public Sector
                                  Greater Toronto Banking and                                      and Human Resources
                                  Global Wealth
                                                                                                   Sassan Mohseni
                                                                                                   Energy and Utilities,
                                                                                                   Telecommunications




38
                                                                                                          2016 ANNUAL REVIEW




François Boulanger                                                   Benoit Dubé           Lorne Gorber           Tim Gregory
Executive VP,                                                        Executive VP,         Executive VP, Global   Executive VP,
Chief Financial Officer                                              Chief Legal Officer   Communications and     Business
                                                                     and Corporate         Investor Relations     Engineering,
                                                                     Secretary                                    Marketing and
Kevin Linder              Steve Perron          Guy Vigeant
                                                                                                                  IP Strategy
Senior VP, Corporate      Senior VP, Finance    Senior VP,
Controller                and Treasury          Mergers and
                                                Acquisitions




NORDICS                              UNITED KINGDOM                  UNITED STATES

Heikki Nikku                         Steve Thorn                     David L. Henderson
President                            President                       President


Pär Fors                             David Fitzpatrick               Lynne Bushey                    Tim Hurlebaus
Sweden                               Global Technology Operations    Mid-Atlantic                    President, CGI Federal

Tom Hauge                            Matthew Grisoni                 Dave Delgado                    Patrick Dougherty
Norway                               Oil, Gas and Consumer           West                            Defense Programs
                                     Services
Leena-Mari Lähteenmaa                                                Ned Hammond                     Candice Ling
Global Technology Operations         Michael Herron                  Global Technology Operations    Regulatory Agency Programs
                                     Health, Local Public Services   and Onshore Delivery
Martin Petersen                                                                                      Stephanie Mango
                                     and Scotland
Denmark                                                              Christopher James               Security, Administrative,
                                     Elwyn Jones                     Industry Solutions              Judicial and Enforcement
Tapio Volanen                        Central Government
Finland and Estonia                                                  Bill Robichaud                  Dave Ralston
                                     and Justice
                                                                     New England                     Government Secure Solutions,
                                     Tara McGeehan                                                   CGI Inc.
                                                                     John Roggemann
                                     Energy, Utilities
                                                                     Central                         George Strader
                                     and Telecommunications
                                                                                                     Health Compliance Programs
                                                                     Vijay Srinivasan
                                     Neil Sadler
                                                                     South                           Kenyon Wells
                                     Banking and Financial Markets
                                                                                                     International Diplomacy,
                                                                     Steven Starace
                                     Steve Smart                                                     Assistance and Commerce
                                                                     East
                                     Space, Defence,
                                     National and Cyber Security




                                                                                                                                 39
OUR STRONG FOUNDATION




The CGI Constitution
While most companies have a vision and mission, CGI goes a step beyond. We have a company dream, which
emphasizes the enjoyment and ownership principles essential to our success. The CGI Dream, together with our vision,
mission and values, make up the CGI Constitution. With frameworks and programs founded upon this Constitution,
CGI provides for the consistent growth that benefits our clients, members and shareholders.


Our dream
To create an environment in which we enjoy working together and, as owners, contribute to
building a company we can be proud of.


Our vision                                                    Our mission
To be a global world class information technology             To help our clients succeed through outstanding quality,
and business process services leader helping                  competence and objectivity, providing thought leadership
our clients succeed.                                          and delivering the best services and solutions to fully
                                                              satisfy client objectives in information technology,
                                                              business processes and management. In all we do, we
                                                              foster a culture of partnership, intrapreneurship, teamwork
                                                              and integrity, building a global world class information
                                                              technology and business process services company.



Our values
PARTNERSHIP AND QUALITY                                       RESPECT
For us, partnership and quality are both a philosophy and     In all we do, we are respectful of our fellow members,
a way of life. We constantly deepen our understanding         clients, business partners and competitors. As a global
of our clients’ business and we develop and follow            company, we recognize the richness that diversity
the best management practices. We entrench these              brings to the company and welcome this diversity while
approaches into client relationship and service delivery      embracing the overall CGI business culture.
frameworks in order to foster long term and strong
partnerships with our clients. We listen to our clients       FINANCIAL STRENGTH
and we are committed to their total satisfaction in           We strive to deliver strong, consistent financial
everything we do.                                             performance which sustains long term growth and
                                                              benefits both members and shareholders. Financial
OBJECTIVITY AND INTEGRITY                                     strength enables us to continuously invest in our
We exercise the highest degree of independent thinking        members’ capabilities, our services and our business
in selecting the products, services and solutions we          solutions to the benefit of our clients. To this end,
recommend to clients. In doing so, we adhere to the           we manage our business to generate industry
highest values of quality, objectivity and integrity. We do   superior returns.
not accept any remuneration from suppliers. We always
act honestly and ethically. We never seek to gain undue       CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
advantages and we avoid conflicts of interest, whether        Our business model is designed to ensure that we are
real or perceived.                                            close to our clients and communities. As members,
                                                              we embrace our social responsibilities and contribute
INTRAPRENEURSHIP AND SHARING                                  to the continuous development of the communities
Our collective success is based on our competence,            in which we live and work.
commitment and enthusiasm. We promote a culture
of innovation and initiative where we are empowered with
a sense of ownership in supporting clients, thus ensuring
our profitable growth. Through teamwork, sharing our
know-how and expertise across our global operations,
we bring the best of CGI to our clients. As members,
we share in the value we create through equity ownership
and profit participation.



40
                                                                                                                   2016 ANNUAL REVIEW




 I      CGI Constitution                               Code       Human Resources             Financial          Security          Quality
 S      Dream Vision       Mission Values            of Ethics       Policies                 Policies           Policies          Policy
 O
        Strategic Directions            Corporate and Operations               Organizational Model                         Management
  9
             and Plans                        Governance                         and Adjustments                            Frameworks
  0                          Business Unit Processes                                               Corporate Processes
  0       Client
  1    Relationship     Assignment      Managing         Engagement       Business      Business Unit      Innovation, IP
      and Business         and             for              Risk         Development    Performance        and Efficiency       Financial
 C    Development       Recruitment     Excellence       Management      Health Check     Review            Investments        Management
 E
 R
                  Client Partnership Management Framework                                    Member                    Shareholder
 T                                    IT Management                                        Partnership                 Partnership
                                       Best Practices
 I     Proposal       Contract                              Delivery      Closing          Management                  Management
 F                                    Engagement                                           Framework                   Framework
 I                                    Governance
 E                                                                                      • Integration               • Relationship
 D                                                                                                                    management
                                                Consulting,                             • Team meetings
 O
                                                                       Business                                     • Disclosure
       Technology          Application            System                                • Performance
 P                                                                      Process                                       guidelines
       Management          Management         Integration and                            management &
 E                                                                    Management
                                               Development                               career planning            • Communications
 R
                                                                                        • Leadership Institute
 A
 T
 I                                       Client                                              Member                    Shareholder
 O                                    Satisfaction                                         Satisfaction                Satisfaction
 N                                    Assessment                                           Assessment                  Assessment
 S                                      Program                                             Program                     Program


© 2016 CGI Group Inc.


                                              The CGI Management
                                              Foundation
                                              At CGI, we are committed to being the best in our industry. To be the best,
                                              we need to operate as the best, and the CGI Management Foundation includes
                                              the key elements that define and guide the management of our company,
                                              including the CGI Constitution and our common policies, frameworks,
                                              processes, operational principles and measures. The Foundation encompasses
                                              the best practices that enable us to deliver in a consistent and successful
                                              manner no matter where CGI operates around the world.




                                                                                                                                             41
     CORPORATE
     SOCIAL
     RESPONSIBILITY
       Working together
       to build stronger
       communities
       Corporate social responsibility (CSR) is a
       key part of CGI’s day-to-day operations.
       Everything we do — from delivering
       sustainable services and solutions to
       donating our time and talents to strengthen
       our communities — ties back to the
       communities in which we, and our clients,
       live and work.
       At CGI, our focus is to work together with
       our stakeholders and our communities to
       make a difference in the world around us.

     CGI renewed listings and was included within top
     CSR indices that cover sustainability-driven companies
     worldwide, including RobecoSAM and S&P Dow Jones
     Sustainability Indices, MSCI and ECPI. CGI is also a
     constituent of the FTSE4Good Index Series.




42
                                                                                                    2016 ANNUAL REVIEW

PARTNERING FOR GOOD
CGI at work in our communities
CGI professionals are passionate about the communities in which we live and work. We take the skills required to be a
leading IT services company — problem solving, creativity and collaboration — and put them to work to make a positive
difference. Through volunteer and pro-bono initiatives and financial investments, we are committed to contributing to
those causes that benefit the well-being of our communities.

2016 highlights
Hacking for good
CGI members from around the world combine technology
expertise and an innovative mindset to participate in “hackathon”
events aimed at generating new ideas and solving problems for
clients and their communities. Here are examples of how we
hacked for good this year:
    • Digital Lifestyle — CGI members in Düsseldorf, Germany,
      participated in a 24 hour in-office hackathon, where teams
      brainstormed ideas to bring digital transformation to life.
      The winning idea was a solution called Smarking — a smart
      parking solution for cities — to help residents find street
      parking in congested areas and enable cities to increase
      the efficiency of parking enforcement and capacity
      planning.
                                                                           Members in Düsseldorf, Germany, spent a
    • Earth Day Hackathon — The U.S. General Services                      weekend participating in a 24-hour in-office
      Administration hosted an event to encourage teams                      hackathon to brainstorm ideas to bring
      of government employees, students and industry                              digital transformation to life.
      professionals to develop eco-friendly technology ideas.
      One of the four winning teams included CGI members
      who created a climate change indicator map for the
      Environmental Protection Agency.
    • Ministry of Justice (MoJ) Hackathon — Members from
      across the United Kingdom participated in the first ever
      MoJ Hackathon to help the MoJ enable the courts to
      deliver justice more swiftly, offer better rehabilitation to
      offenders nationwide, and reduce the risk to the Legal Aid
      fund.
    • Steel City Codefest — This annual citywide event brings
      together volunteers to develop applications for local
      organizations in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (United States).
      In 2016, CGI members developed an app for the Children’s
      Museum of Pittsburgh to help improve the visitor experience,
      and another for the Allegheny Children’s Initiative to make
      data collection for families easier and more reliable.                       Members from across the
                                                                             United Kingdom attended the first ever
                                                                              Ministry of Justice (MoJ) Hackathon.
Research for resilient communities
To support building strong and healthy communities, CGI works with clients and organizations to study issues and
present recommendations for driving a more sustainable future. Here are examples of research we conducted this year:
    • “Better business” — CGI supported a groundbreaking study conducted by Social Value Lab to analyze business,
      CSR and reporting practices among Scotland’s 500 leading companies. The study found emerging business
      leaders and the public at large are ethically motivated and less tolerant of corporate negligence and corrupt
      practices. It offered practical recommendations to encourage more responsible and progressive business practices.
    • “Identifying and analyzing digital payment flows regarding illegal purposes on the Internet” — In Sweden,
      CGI is part of a coalition of financial institutions and NGOs that collaborate to prevent payments related to the
      sexual abuse of children. This year, CGI supported a master thesis at Linköping University that studied unexplored
      illegal exploitation of legal businesses, with the purpose of limiting this market and especially the related
      transactions.
    • “Partnering with the Leaders of Tomorrow” — Every year in France, CGI partners with leading universities to
      mentor students and work with them in carrying out meaningful projects. This year, CGI and the CentraleSupélec
      engineering school joined forces to explore millennials’ views on the future of digital. By understanding and
      anticipating this generation’s expectations, French decision-makers in both the public and private sectors can
      better understand and anticipate this group’s expectations and needs.


                                                                                                                          43
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY




      CGI leaders in the United Kingdom participated in 40 different fundraising events to raise money for the Prince’s Trust.


Dedicating our time and talents
Across our global operations, CGI members work together with charities and community organizations to support
needed causes. Here are examples of community service initiatives from the year:
    • Driving technology education — CGI serves as the digital partner for the TEKNIK project in France, which
      mobilizes companies to educate young students on key industries and help them discover promising careers.
      CGI is working to create a positive perception among young people of the digital industry and promote it as one
      of the most dynamic and largest job providers in France.
    • Empowering rural education — CGI members began working with the Swami Vivekananda Adivasi Ashram Shala
      residential school outside of Mumbai, India, to help provide the underprivileged students with the basic necessities
      of life and tools to thrive in modern society. Nearly each month, CGI hosts an initiative to support the school,
      including providing medical treatment for the children, teaching spoken English and offering career guidance.
    • Partnering with the Prince’s Trust — This past year, both CGI and the Prince’s Trust celebrated their
      40th anniversaries. A leading charity in the United Kingdom, the Prince’s Trust helps 13 to 30 year olds who are
      unemployed or struggling at school to transform their lives. To commemorate the joint milestones, CGI’s members
      engaged in 40 different ways to dedicate their time and talents to the charity and raised more than £50,000 for the
      organization.
    • The Ride to Conquer Cancer — CGI members in Quebec, Canada, once again participated in the two-day
      Enbridge Ride to Conquer Cancer to raise money for cancer research and treatment. The CGI cyclists collected
      more than $63,000 with the help of CGI-matched donations. CGI’s five-year total contribution to the organization
      now exceeds $500,000.



DRIVING SUSTAINABILITY
Services and solutions that benefit clients and society
Across industries, we partner with clients to deliver solutions that support energy and environmental sustainability,
make cities smarter and improve the lives of citizens, protect the welfare of children and more. Here are examples of
our innovative sustainability services and solutions:

Smart utilities
    • Smart grids: In collaboration with Smart Society Services, CGI developed the Open Smart Grid Platform
      (OSGP) that uses Internet of Things (IoT) technology to integrate applications and link them to smart devices
      not only for utilities, but also for critical infrastructures such as roads and railways. The platform supports energy
      conservation solutions for public lighting, smart metering, energy distribution automation and more.
    • Smart meters: CGI is playing a key role in the rollout of 53 million smart meters in the UK between 2015 and
      2020, one of the largest rollouts of smart meters in the world. We’re designing, developing and implementing the
      technology solutions required to support the rollout and ensure its success.
    • Renewable energy: Our Renewables Management System (RMS) solution controls more than 7,000 turbines
      on 600 wind farms in 9 countries across the globe. Our clients, including Energias de Portugal Renewables
      (EDPR), the third largest wind energy producer in the world, use RMS for remote farm control, decreased
      downtime and maintenance costs, immediate connection to the grid, and more.


44
                                                                                                  2016 ANNUAL REVIEW
Environmental protection
    • Driver performance: CGI’s BestDriver mobile app helps transportation and logistics companies improve driving
      performance by combining big data analytics with gamification. The end result is reduced fuel consumption and
      carbon emissions, and improved safety and cost-efficiencies.
    • Hazardous materials: CGI’s ProSteward360 solution provides for the safe handling of hazardous chemicals.
      In use in 100+ countries, the solution effectively manages chemical data, increases product safety and supports
      global regulatory compliance.
    • Regulatory management: CGI Advantage Regulatory Management helps agencies improve a wide
      range of regulatory functions, such as permitting, licensing and inspections, and provides constituents with
      self-service capabilities.
    • Disaster recovery: In partnership with the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs, CGI developed the
      Sandy Integrated Recovery Operations and Management System (SIROMS) to manage the distribution of
      federal funds in support of Superstorm Sandy recovery efforts.

Smart cities
    • Public spaces: CGI’s IBOR is an IoT-based solution that enables cities to remotely control public assets
      such as traffic lights to increase public safety, decrease energy consumption and reduce CO2 emissions.
    • Community policing: Working with the Dutch police, CGI developed a mobile application that allows Dutch
      citizens to report suspicious activities to police, as well as receive crime and other security alerts.
    • Emergency response: CGI developed an innovative emergency response system for Estonia’s Ministry of
      the Interior that uses digital technologies to enable faster emergency response, better information sharing,
      and improved decision-making.
    • Patient-centered care: Using the latest digital technologies, CGI CommunityCare360 connects patients,
      primary care physicians, case coordinators, first responders and other healthcare workers to provide patient-
      centric care, whenever and wherever it’s needed.

Child welfare
    • Child safety: More than 35,000 case workers across the U.S. depend on CGI-implemented State-wide
      Automated Child Welfare Information Systems (SACWIS) every day to protect the safety of children.
    • Exploitation: CGI is deeply involved with the Swedish Financial Coalition and NGOs in using technology, including
      the development of an innovative payment solution, to prevent payments related to the sexual abuse of children.

PROJECT SPOTLIGHT

Minimizing the impact of Hurricane Matthew
for utility clients and their customers
Utility companies were bracing for widespread outages as Hurricane
Matthew wreaked havoc on the East Coast of the United States in
October 2016. With persistent tropical force winds and potential damage
from storm surge and seawater incursion, Hurricane Matthew presented
a serious test to utilities and their mission-critical systems.
With Florida home to several CGI utility clients operating our Pragma
portfolio of outage, network and mobile workforce management
solutions, we took a proactive approach to ensuring our clients were
prepared to manage the incoming surge of outages and hazardous
incidents as a result of Matthew’s impact.
CGI provided onsite resources who offered critical technical support to
safeguard system stability and help maintain business continuity during
the actual storm response process, as well as the restoration efforts
that followed. This work helped to increase safety and minimize downtime
for the communities our clients serve.




“ Our  name, OUC–The Reliable One, demonstrates our commitment to being one of the most reliable utilities in the
  nation every day. So when we wanted to upgrade our Outage Management System (OMS), we recently chose
   CGI for a major update to our advanced digital metering and computer-aided dispatch systems. We appreciate
   that CGI went above and beyond to come to Orlando before the impact of Hurricane Matthew. This helped ensure
   our team had the support they needed to restore power to our customers as quickly and safely as possible.
                                                                                                                 ”
   Clint Bullock, Vice-President of Electric & Water Delivery
   Orlando Utilities Commission (OUC–The Reliable One)
   Orlando, Florida, United States


                                                                                                                      45
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY



DREAM CONNECTORS
Making a difference in our communities around the world
In 2016, in commemoration of CGI’s 40th anniversary, we launched the CGI Dream Connectors program to deepen our
commitment to serving our communities. In this inaugural year, after a company-wide vote, seven projects — one from
each of CGI’s Strategic Business Units — were selected to receive CGI support, which includes access to IT, facilities
and funding, as well as the strength of thousands of member volunteers.

2016 Dream Connectors projects
ASIA PACIFIC                                                  NORDICS
Providing Education and Sports Facilities for Children        Helping Hand App — Digital Volunteering Center
at Gowdihalli Village Primary School                          CGI members are developing an app to help the Finnish
CGI is working to help raise the literacy rate in the         Association for Mental Health match volunteers to people
Gowdihalli Village Primary School and nearby villages         in need.
in India by improving access to education and
school supplies.                                              UNITED KINGDOM
                                                              Fighting cybercrime
CANADA                                                        CGI members in the UK are taking a stand against
Habitat for Humanity (HFH)                                    cybercrime by supporting the Cyber Made Simple
CGI professionals are helping HFH to develop an               initiative, which teaches positive online behaviors to
e-commerce solution to connect with the community             children and parents.
on a larger scale and to better coordinate donations
across chapters.                                              UNITED STATES
                                                              CGI STEM Camp
EASTERN, CENTRAL AND SOUTHERN EUROPE                          CGI is offering CGI STEM (Science, Technology,
CGI Mimar Project                                             Engineering and Math) camps in five office locations
In Portugal, CGI is helping the Mimar youth shelter build a   across the country to provide students with valuable
database and an application to organize its services and      IT and networking skills.
information, and is sponsoring much-needed repairs
and enhancements to its facilities.                           Learn more about the program and projects at
                                                              cgi.com/dream-connectors.
FRANCE, LUXEMBOURG AND MOROCCO
RéZo City
RéZo City, a non-profit organization that provides career
development tools and guidance to young job seekers,
is teaming with CGI volunteers to provide instructional
classes and one-on-one training sessions on IT topics.




46
CGI GLOBAL 1000
Sharing the voice of our clients and CGI insights
There has never been a more extraordinary opportunity to transform how
organizations create value for their stakeholders, and central to this opportunity
is the role of technology.
To best understand the disruptive forces at work in today’s digital world and
how technology can drive transformation, CGI conducts annual in-person
conversations with business and technology executives to listen to and
discuss their challenges and priorities
What emerge from these meetings are practical insights — based on
quantitative and qualitative data — that shape future strategies, both for
participants and for CGI.
For many years, we shared the findings and insights from these conversations
with those who participated. This year, for the first time, we’ve also published
a full report — the 2016–2017 CGI Global 1000 outlook.

Request your copy at cgi.com/global1000.
Founded in 1976, CGI is one of the largest IT and business process services providers
in the world. With 68,000 professionals operating in hundreds of locations around the
globe, CGI helps clients become customer-centric digital organizations. We deliver
high-quality business consulting, systems integration and transformational outsourcing
services, complemented by more than 150 IP-based solutions, to support clients in
transforming into digital enterprises end-to-end. CGI works with clients across the globe
through a unique client proximity and best-fit global delivery model to accelerate their
digital transformation and drive competitive advantage.

cgi.com




© 2016 CGI Group Inc.

BestDriver, CGI Advantage, CGI Atlas360, CGI Collections360, CGI CommunityCare360, CGI ProperPay, CGI
Trade360, CGI Traffic360, CGI Unify360, Data2Diamonds, Experience the commitment, Exploration2Revenue, GIOS,
HotScan, Pragma, Pro Logistica, ProSteward360, Ratabase, Sm@rtering and Sovera are trademarks or registred
trademarks of CGI Group Inc. or its related companies. Microsoft and Hololens are either registered trademarks or
trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. iBeacon is a trademark of Apple Inc.
                  CGI Group Inc.




             2016 Annual Report


  CGI’s 2016 Annual Report is comprised
         of two separate volumes:

      Volume 1: 2016 Annual Review

                               &

      Volume 2: Fiscal 2016 Results




Volume 2 of the Annual Report
     follows this page.
        (this page does not form part of the Annual Report)
Fiscal 2016 Results         HIGH-END BUSINESS AND IT CONSULTING
                                            SYSTEMS INTEGRATION
                                TRANSFORMATIONAL OUTSOURCING
                                IP-BASED SERVICES AND SOLUTIONS




   Your end-to-end
   partner in
   digital transformation
      WE LISTEN.
      WE INNOVATE.
      WE LEAD.
      WE DELIVER.


      CONTENTS
  1   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 54   Management’s and Auditors’ Reports
 58   Consolidated Financial Statements
116   Shareholder Information
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Management’s Discussion and Analysis


November 9, 2016



Basis of Presentation
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the Financial Position and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is the responsibility
of management and has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. This MD&A has been prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Canadian Securities Administrators. The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for reviewing
and approving the MD&A. The Board of Directors carries out this responsibility mainly through its Audit and Risk Management
Committee, which is appointed by the Board of Directors and is comprised entirely of independent and financially literate
directors.

Throughout this document, CGI Group Inc. is referred to as “CGI”, “we”, “our” or “Company”. This MD&A provides information
management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated results of operations and financial
condition of the Company. This document should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements
and the notes thereto for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. CGI’s accounting policies are in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). All
dollar amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated.



Materiality of Disclosures
This MD&A includes information we believe is material to investors. We consider something to be material if it results in, or
would reasonably be expected to result in, a significant change in the market price or value of our shares, or if it is likely that
a reasonable investor would consider the information to be important in making an investment decision.



Forward-Looking Statements
All statements in this MD&A that do not directly and exclusively relate to historical facts constitute “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of that term in Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of
the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are “forward-looking information” within the meaning
of Canadian securities laws. These statements and this information represent CGI’s intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs,
and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, of which many are beyond the control of the Company. These factors
could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements or forward-looking information. These
factors include but are not restricted to: the timing and size of new contracts; acquisitions and other corporate developments;
the ability to attract and retain qualified employees; market competition in the rapidly evolving information technology industry;
general economic and business conditions; foreign exchange and other risks identified in the MD&A and in other public
disclosure documents filed with the Canadian securities authorities (filed on SEDAR at www.sedar.com) and the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (filed on EDGAR at www.sec.gov), as well as assumptions regarding the foregoing. The words
“believe”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “anticipate”, “foresee”, “plan”, and similar expressions and variations thereof, identify
certain of such forward-looking statements or forward-looking information, which speak only as of the date on which they are
made. In particular, statements relating to future performance are forward-looking statements and forward-looking information.
CGI disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or forward-looking
information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements or on this forward-looking information. You
will find more information about the risks that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from our current expectations
in section 10 – Risk Environment.




                                                                                                                                 1
Management's Discussion and Analysis




Non-GAAP and Key Performance Measures
The reader should note that the Company reports its financial results in accordance with IFRS. However, we use a combination
of financial measures, ratios, and non-GAAP measures to assess our Company’s performance. The non-GAAP measures
used in this MD&A do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and are therefore unlikely to be comparable
to similar measures presented by other issuers. These measures should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as
a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS.

The table below summarizes our non-GAAP measures and most relevant key performance measures:


Profitability    • Adjusted EBIT (non-GAAP) – is a measure of earnings excluding restructuring costs, net finance costs
                   and income tax expense as these items are not directly related to the cost of operations. Management
                   believes this measure is useful to investors as it best reflects the Company's operating profitability and
                   allows for better comparability from period to period as well as to trend analysis in our operations. A
                   reconciliation of the adjusted EBIT to its closest IFRS measure can be found in section 3.7 of the present
                   document.
                 • Net earnings – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders.
                 • Diluted earnings per share – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders on a per share basis,
                    assuming all dilutive elements are exercised.
                 • Net earnings excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is a measure of net earnings excluding certain items
                    not considered by management to be part of the day to day operations. By excluding these items, it
                    provides a better evaluation of operating performance using the same measures as management.
                    Management believes that, as a result, the investors are afforded greater transparency in assessing the
                    true operation performance of the Company also providing better comparability from period to period. A
                    reconciliation of the net earnings excluding specific items to its closest IFRS measure can be found in
                    section 3.8.3. of the present document.
                 • Basic and diluted earnings per share excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is defined as the net earnings
                    excluding specific items (non-GAAP) on a per share basis. Management believes that this measure is
                    useful to investors as it best reflects the Company's operating profitability on a per share basis and allows
                    for better comparability from period to period. The basic and diluted earnings per share reported in
                    accordance with IFRS can be found in section 3.8 of the present document while the basic and diluted
                    earnings per share excluding specific items can be found in section 3.8.3.

Liquidity        • Cash provided by operating activities – is a measure of cash generated from managing our day-to-day
                    business operations. We believe strong operating cash flow is indicative of financial flexibility, allowing
                    us to execute our Company's strategy.
                 • Days sales outstanding ("DSO") (non-GAAP) – is the average number of days needed to convert our
                    trade receivables and work in progress into cash. DSO is obtained by subtracting deferred revenue from
                    trade accounts receivable and work in progress; the result is divided by the quarter’s revenue over 90
                    days. Deferred revenue is net of the fair value adjustments on revenue-generating contracts established
                    upon a business combination. Management tracks this metric closely to ensure timely collection, healthy
                    liquidity, and is committed to a DSO target of 45 days or less. We believe this measure is useful to
                    investors as it demonstrates the Company's ability to timely convert its trade receivables and work in
                    progress into cash.




2
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Growth            • Constant currency growth (non-GAAP) – is a measure of revenue growth before foreign currency impacts.
                    This growth is calculated by translating current period results in local currency using the conversion rates
                    in the equivalent period from the prior year. Management believes that it is helpful to adjust revenue to
                    exclude the impact of currency fluctuations to facilitate period-to-period comparisons of business
                    performance. We believe that this measure is useful to investors for the same reason.
                  • Backlog (non-GAAP) – includes new contract wins, extensions and renewals (“bookings”(non-GAAP)),
                    partially offset by the backlog consumed during the period as a result of client work performed and
                    adjustments related to the volume, cancellation and the impact of foreign currencies to our existing
                    contracts. Backlog incorporates estimates from management that are subject to change. Management
                    tracks this measure as it is a key indicator of management's best estimate of revenue to be realized in
                    the future and believes that this measure is useful to investors for the same reason.
                  • Book-to-bill ratio (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the proportion of the value of our bookings to our revenue
                    in the period. This metric allows management to monitor the Company’s business development efforts
                    to ensure we grow our backlog and our business over time and believes that this measure is useful to
                    investors for the same reason. Management remains committed to maintaining a target ratio greater
                    than 100% over a trailing 12-month period. Management believes that a longer period is a more
                    representative measure as the services and contract type, size and timing of bookings could cause this
                    measurement to fluctuate significantly if taken for only a three-month period.

Capital           • Net debt (non-GAAP) – is obtained by subtracting from our debt our cash and cash equivalents, short-
Structure           term investments, long-term investments and fair value of foreign currency derivative financial
                    instruments related to debt. Management uses the net debt metric to monitor the Company's financial
                    leverage. We believe that this metric is useful to investors as it provides insight into our financial strength.
                    A reconciliation of net debt to its closest IFRS measure can be found in section 4.5 of the present
                    document.
                  • Net debt to capitalization ratio (non-GAAP) – is a measure of our level of financial leverage and is obtained
                    by dividing the net debt by the sum of shareholder's equity and debt. Management uses the net debt to
                    capitalization metric to monitor the proportion of debt versus capital used to finance our operations and
                    to assess the Company's financial strength. We believe that this metric is useful to investors as it provides
                    insight into our financial strength.
                  • Return on equity ("ROE") (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the rate of return on the ownership interest of
                    our shareholders and is calculated as the proportion of earnings for the last 12 months over the last four
                    quarters' average equity. Management looks at ROE to measure its efficiency at generating earnings for
                    the Company’s shareholders and how well the Company uses the invested funds to generate earnings
                    growth. We believe that this measure is useful to investors for the same reasons.
                  • Return on invested capital ("ROIC") (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the Company’s efficiency at allocating
                    the capital under its control to profitable investments and is calculated as the proportion of the after-tax
                    adjusted EBIT for the last 12 months, over the last four quarters' average invested capital, which is
                    defined as the sum of equity and net debt. Management examines this ratio to assess how well it is using
                    its funds to generate returns. We believe that this measure is useful to investors for the same reason.


Reporting segments
The Company's operations are managed through the following seven operating segments, referred to as our Strategic Business
Units, namely: United States of America ("U.S."); Nordics; Canada; France (including Luxembourg and Morocco) ("France");
United Kingdom ("U.K."); Eastern, Central and Southern Europe (primarily Netherlands and Germany) ("ECS"); and Asia
Pacific (including Australia, India and the Philippines) ("Asia Pacific"). Please refer to sections 3.4 and 3.6 of the present
document and to note 27 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on our segments.




                                                                                                                                  3
Management's Discussion and Analysis




MD&A Objectives and Contents

•    Provide a narrative explanation of audited consolidated financial statements through the eyes of management;

•    Provide the context within which audited consolidated financial statements should be analyzed, by giving enhanced disclosure
     about the dynamics and trends of the Company’s business; and

•    Provide information to assist the reader in ascertaining the likelihood that past performance is indicative of future performance.

In order to achieve these objectives, this MD&A is presented in the following main sections:

Section                       Contents                                                                                       Pages

1.    Corporate               A description of our business and how we generate revenue as well as the markets in
      Overview                which we operate.

                              1.1.   About CGI                                                                                  6
                              1.2.   Vision and Strategy                                                                        7
                              1.3.   Competitive Environment                                                                    8

2.    Highlights and Key      A summary of key highlights during the year, the past three years' key performance
      Performance             measures, and CGI’s stock performance.
      Measures
                              2.1.   Fiscal 2016 Year-Over-Year Highlights                                                      9
                              2.2.   Selected Yearly Information & Key Performance Measures                                    10
                              2.3.   Stock Performance                                                                         11
                              2.4.   Investments in subsidiaries                                                               12

3.    Financial Review        A discussion of year-over-year changes to financial results between the years ended
                              September 30, 2016 and 2015, describing the factors affecting revenue and adjusted EBIT
                              on a consolidated and reportable segment basis, and also by describing the factors
                              affecting changes in the major expense categories. Also discussed are bookings broken
                              down by contract type, service type, segment, and by vertical market.

                              3.1.   Bookings and Book-to-Bill Ratio                                                           13
                              3.2.   Foreign Exchange                                                                          14
                              3.3.   Revenue Distribution                                                                      15
                                                                                                                               14
                              3.4.   Revenue Variation and Revenue by Segment                                                  16
                                                                                                                               15
                              3.5.   Operating Expenses                                                                        18
                                                                                                                               17
                              3.6.   Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                                  19
                                                                                                                               18
                              3.7.   Earnings Before Income Taxes                                                              20
                                                                                                                               19
                              3.8.   Net Earnings and Earnings Per Share (“EPS”)                                               21
                                                                                                                               20




4
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Section                     Contents                                                                                        Pages

4.    Liquidity             A discussion of changes in cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities.
                            This section also describes the Company’s available capital resources, financial
                            instruments, and off-balance sheet financing and guarantees. Measures of capital structure
                            (net debt to capitalization, ROE, and ROIC) and liquidity (DSO) are analyzed on a year-
                            over-year basis.

                            4.1.    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                    23
                                                                                                                             22
                            4.2.    Capital Resources                                                                        26
                                                                                                                             25
                            4.3.    Contractual Obligations                                                                  27
                                                                                                                             26
                            4.4.    Financial Instruments and Hedging Transactions                                           27
                                                                                                                             26
                            4.5.    Selected Measures of Liquidity and Capital Resources                                     28
                                                                                                                             27
                            4.6.    Off-Balance Sheet Financing and Guarantees                                               28
                                                                                                                             27
                            4.7.    Capability to Deliver Results                                                            29
                                                                                                                             28

5.    Fourth Quarter        A discussion of year-over-year changes to operating results between the three months
      Results               ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, describing the factors affecting revenue, adjusted
                            EBIT earnings on a consolidated and reportable segment basis as well as cash from
                            operating, investing and financing activities.

                            5.1.    Foreign Exchange                                                                         30
                                                                                                                             29
                            5.2.    Revenue Variation and Revenue by Segment                                                 31
                                                                                                                             30
                            5.3.    Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                                 34
                                                                                                                             33
                            5.4.    Net Earnings and EPS                                                                     36
                                                                                                                             35
                            5.5.    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                    38
                                                                                                                             37

6.    Eight Quarter         A summary of the past eight quarters’ key performance measures and a discussion of the           40
                                                                                                                             39
      Summary               factors that could impact our quarterly results.

7.    Changes in            A summary of the future accounting standard changes.                                             42
                                                                                                                             41
      Accounting Policies

8.    Critical Accounting   A discussion of the critical accounting estimates made in the preparation of the audited         43
                                                                                                                             42
      Estimates             consolidated financial statements.


9.    Integrity of          A discussion of the existence of appropriate information systems, procedures and controls        45
                                                                                                                             46
      Disclosure            to ensure that information used internally and disclosed externally is complete and reliable.

10.   Risk Environment      A discussion of the risks affecting our business activities and what may be the impact if
                            these risks are realized.

                            10.1.   Risks and Uncertainties                                                                  47
                                                                                                                             46
                            10.2.   Legal Proceedings                                                                        54
                                                                                                                             53




                                                                                                                                    5
     Management's Discussion and Analysis




1.   1. Corporate
     Corporate    Overview
               Overview


     1.1. ABOUT CGI

     Founded in 1976 and headquartered in Montréal, Canada, CGI is among the largest Information Technology ("IT") and business
     process service providers in the world, with approximately 68,000 professionals. Through high-end consulting, systems
     integration, transformational outsourcing and Intellectual Property ("IP") solutions, combined with in-depth industry expertise,
     CGI works with clients across the globe through a unique client proximity and best-fit global delivery model to accelerate their
     digital transformation and drive competitive advantage.

     End-to-end services
     CGI delivers end-to-end services that cover the full spectrum of delivery; from solution design and development, to
     implementation, integration and technology operations. Our portfolio encompasses:

         •   High-end consulting and system integration: CGI helps clients form their digital roadmap, adopting an agile, iterative
             approach that enables them to innovate, connect and rationalize legacy systems to deliver enterprise-wide change.

         •   Transformational outsourcing: Our clients entrust us with full or partial responsibility for their IT and business
             functions. In return, we deliver significant efficiency improvements and cost savings. Typical services in an end-to-
             end engagement include: application development, integration and maintenance; technology infrastructure
             management; and business process services, such as collections and payroll management. Outsourcing contracts
             are long term in nature, with a typical duration of 5 to 10 or more years, allowing our clients to reinvest savings, further
             driving digital transformation.

     Deep industry expertise
     CGI has long and focused practices in all of our core industries, providing clients with a partner that is not only expert in IT,
     but expert in their industries. This combination of business knowledge and digital technology expertise allows us to help our
     clients adapt as their industries change and, in the process, allows us to evolve the industries in which we operate.

     Our targeted industries include: government, financial services, health, utilities, telecommunications, oil & gas, manufacturing,
     retail & consumer services, transportation and post & logistics. While these represent our go-to-market industry targets, we
     group these industries into the following: government; financial services; health; telecommunications & utilities; and
     manufacturing, retail & distribution ("MRD").

     As the move toward digitalization continues to increase across industries, CGI partners with clients to support their strategic
     initiatives. We provide extensive industry expertise to guide them in becoming customer-centric digital organizations.

     Digital IP solutions

     CGI’s comprehensive portfolio of IP solutions support our clients’ mission-critical business functions and accelerate their digital
     transformation. We offer more than 150 IP-based solutions for the industries we serve, as well as cross-industry solutions.
     These solutions include digital-enabling software applications, reusable frameworks and innovative delivery methodologies -
     like Software as a Service.

     Client-inspired innovation
     CGI is a trusted partner with more than 40 years of experience in delivering innovative, client-inspired business services and
     solutions. Through innovation programs and investments, CGI supports clients with their most strategic initiatives. We help
     develop, innovate and protect the technology that enables clients to achieve their digital transformation goals faster with
     reduced risk and enduring results.

     Quality processes
     CGI clients expect consistency of service wherever and whenever they engage us. We have an outstanding track record of
     on-time, within-budget delivery as a result of our commitment to excellence and our robust governance model - the CGI
     Management Foundation. The CGI Management Foundation provides a common business language, frameworks and




     6
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




practices for managing all operations consistently across the globe, driving a focus on continuous improvement. We also
invest in rigorous quality and service delivery standards (including ISO and Capability Maturity Model Integration ("CMMI")
certification programs), as well as a comprehensive Client Satisfaction Assessment Program, to ensure high client satisfaction
on an ongoing basis.

1.2. VISION AND STRATEGY

CGI is unique compared to most companies. We not only have a vision, but also a dream: “To create an environment in which
we enjoy working together and, as owners, contribute to building a company we can be proud of.” This dream has motivated
us since our founding in 1976 and drives our vision: “To be a global, world-class information technology and business process
services leader helping our clients succeed.”

In pursuing this dream and vision, CGI has been highly disciplined throughout its history in executing a Build and Buy profitable
growth strategy comprised of four pillars that combine profitable organic growth (Build) and accretive acquisitions (Buy):

   Pillar 1: Smaller contract wins, renewals and extensions

   Pillar 2: Large, long-term transformational outsourcing contracts

   Pillar 3: Small firm or niche player acquisitions

   Pillar 4: Large, transformational acquisitions

The first two pillars relate to driving profitable organic growth through the pursuit of contracts - both large and small - with new
and existing clients in our targeted industries.

The last two pillars focus on growth through niche and large acquisitions. We identify niche acquisitions through a strategic
qualification process that systematically searches for targets to strengthen our local proximity in metro markets, our industry
expertise and enhance our services and solutions. We also pursue large acquisitions to further expand our geographic presence
and critical mass, which enables us to compete for large outsourcing contracts and broaden our client relationships. CGI will
continue to be a consolidator in the IT services industry.

Since 1976, our professionals have been working toward the same dream and vision. Today, with a presence in hundreds of
global locations and more than $10 billion in revenue, our aspiration is to double our size over a 5 to 7 year period.

Executing our strategy
CGI’s strategy is executed through a unique business model that combines client proximity with an extensive global delivery
network to deliver the following benefits:

   •    Local responsiveness and accountability: We live and work near our clients to provide a high level of
        responsiveness. Our local CGI teams speak our clients' language, understand their business environment, and
        collaborate to meet their goals and advance their business.

   •    Global reach: Our local presence is complemented by an expansive global delivery network that ensures our clients
        have 24/7 access to best-fit digital capabilities and resources to meet their end-to-end needs.

   •    Committed experts: One of our key strategic goals is to be our clients’ expert of choice. To achieve this, we invest
        in recruiting professionals with extensive industry, business and technology expertise, particularly in high-demand
        areas, such as agile services, robotics process automation, cloud, mobile computing, cybersecurity, data analytics
        and the Internet of Things. In addition, a majority of CGI professionals are also shareholders, providing an added level
        of commitment to the success of our clients.

   •    Comprehensive quality processes: CGI’s investment in quality frameworks and rigorous client satisfaction
        assessments has resulted in a consistent track record of on-time and within-budget project delivery.




                                                                                                                                 7
 Management's Discussion and Analysis




 1.3. COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT
 In today’s digital era, there is a competitive urgency for organizations across industries to become digital in a sustainable way.
 The pressure is on to modernize legacy assets and connect them to digital business and operating models. Central to this
 massive transformation is the evolving role of technology. Traditionally viewed as an enabler, technology is now being
 recognized as a business driver. The promise of digital creates an enormous opportunity to transform organizations end-to-
 end, and CGI is well-positioned to serve as a digital partner and expert of choice. We’re working with clients across the globe
 to implement digital strategies, roadmaps and solutions that revolutionize the customer/citizen experience, drive the launch
 of new products and services, and deliver efficiencies and cost savings.

 As the demand for digitalization increases, competition within the global IT industry is intensifying. CGI’s competition comprises
 a variety of players; from niche companies providing specialized services and software, to global, end-to-end IT service
 providers, to large consulting firms. All of these players are competing to deliver some or all of the services we provide. Many
 factors distinguish the industry leaders, including the following:

     •    Industry and technology expertise;

     •    On-time, within-budget delivery;

     •    Total cost of services;

     •    Breadth of digital IP solutions;

     •    Global delivery capabilities; and

     •    Local presence and strength of client relationships.

CGI compares very favourably with the competition with respect to all of these factors. We’re not only delivering all of the
capabilities clients need to compete in a digital world, but the immediate results and long-term value they expect. We’re helping
clients to better run, change and grow their businesses providing a competitive differentiator.




8
                                                                                            FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




2. 2. Highlights
   Highlights andand
                  KeyKey Performance
                      Performance    Measures
                                  Measures

   2.1. FISCAL 2016 YEAR-OVER-YEAR HIGHLIGHTS

   Key performance figures for the period include:

      •   Revenue of $10.7 billion, up 3.9%;

      •   Bookings of $11.7 billion, or 110% of revenue;

      •   Backlog of $20.9 billion; up $181.8 million;

      •   Adjusted EBIT of $1,560.3 million, up 7.1%;

      •   Adjusted EBIT margin of 14.6%, up 40 basis points;

      •   Net earnings of $1,068.7 million, up 9.3%;

      •   Net earnings margin of 10.0%, up 50 basis points;

      •   Diluted EPS of $3.42, up 12.5%;

      •   Cash provided by operating activities of $1,333.1 million, or 12.5% of revenue;

      •   Net debt of $1.3 billion, down $446.3 million; and

      •   Return on equity of 17.2%.




                                                                                                             9
Management's Discussion and Analysis




2.2.
 2.2.SELECTED
      SELECTEDYEARLY
               YEARLYINFORMATION
                      INFORMATION&&KEY
                                    KEYPERFORMANCE
                                        PERFORMANCEMEASURES
                                                   MEASURES



                                                                                                                                                                Change
                                                                                                                                                                 Change                 Change
                                                                                                                                                                                         Change
 As
  Asatatand
         andfor
             forthe
                 theyears
                     yearsended
                           endedSeptember
                                 September30,
                                           30,                                               2016
                                                                                              2016                   2015
                                                                                                                      2015                  2014
                                                                                                                                             2014             2016
                                                                                                                                                               2016/ /2015
                                                                                                                                                                       2015           2015
                                                                                                                                                                                       2015/ /2014
                                                                                                                                                                                               2014
 InInmillions
      millionsofofCAD
                   CADunless
                       unlessotherwise
                              otherwisenoted
                                        noted
 Growth
   Growth
 Revenue
  Revenue                                                                                10,683.3
                                                                                          10,683.3               10,287.1
                                                                                                                  10,287.1              10,499.7
                                                                                                                                         10,499.7                  396.2
                                                                                                                                                                    396.2                (212.6)
                                                                                                                                                                                          (212.6)
 Year-over-year
  Year-over-yearrevenue
                 revenuegrowth
                         growth                                                              3.9%
                                                                                              3.9%                  (2.0%)
                                                                                                                     (2.0%)                 4.1%
                                                                                                                                             4.1%                  5.9%
                                                                                                                                                                    5.9%                  (6.1%)
                                                                                                                                                                                           (6.1%)
                                                                            11
 Constant
  Constantcurrency
           currencyyear-over-year
                    year-over-yearrevenue
                                   revenuegrowth
                                           growth                                            0.2%
                                                                                              0.2%                  (4.0%)
                                                                                                                     (4.0%)                (2.9%)
                                                                                                                                            (2.9%)                 4.2%
                                                                                                                                                                    4.2%                  (1.1%)
                                                                                                                                                                                           (1.1%)
 Backlog
  Backlog                                                                                   20,893
                                                                                             20,893                20,711
                                                                                                                    20,711                 18,237
                                                                                                                                            18,237                  182
                                                                                                                                                                     182                  2,474
                                                                                                                                                                                           2,474
 Bookings
  Bookings                                                                                  11,731
                                                                                             11,731                11,640
                                                                                                                    11,640                 10,169
                                                                                                                                            10,169                   91
                                                                                                                                                                      91                  1,471
                                                                                                                                                                                           1,471
 Book-to-bill
  Book-to-billratio
               ratio                                                                       109.8%
                                                                                            109.8%                 113.2%
                                                                                                                    113.2%                 96.8%
                                                                                                                                            96.8%                 (3.4%)
                                                                                                                                                                   (3.4%)                 16.4%
                                                                                                                                                                                           16.4%
 Profitability
  Profitability
 Adjusted  EBIT2 2
  AdjustedEBIT                                                                              1,560.3
                                                                                             1,560.3               1,457.3
                                                                                                                    1,457.3               1,356.9
                                                                                                                                           1,356.9                 103.0
                                                                                                                                                                    103.0                 100.4
                                                                                                                                                                                           100.4
     Adjusted
      AdjustedEBIT  margin2 2
               EBITmargin                                                                  14.6%
                                                                                            14.6%                   14.2%
                                                                                                                     14.2%                 12.9%
                                                                                                                                            12.9%                  0.4%
                                                                                                                                                                    0.4%                   1.3%
                                                                                                                                                                                            1.3%
 Net
  Netearnings
      earnings                                                                              1,068.7
                                                                                             1,068.7                977.6
                                                                                                                     977.6                  859.4
                                                                                                                                             859.4                  91.2
                                                                                                                                                                     91.2                 118.2
                                                                                                                                                                                           118.2
     Net
      Netearnings
          earningsmargin
                   margin                                                                   10.0%
                                                                                             10.0%                   9.5%
                                                                                                                      9.5%                  8.2%
                                                                                                                                             8.2%                  0.5%
                                                                                                                                                                    0.5%                   1.3%
                                                                                                                                                                                            1.3%
 Diluted
  DilutedEPS
          EPS(in
               (indollars)
                   dollars)                                                                   3.42
                                                                                               3.42                  3.04
                                                                                                                      3.04                   2.69
                                                                                                                                              2.69                  0.38
                                                                                                                                                                     0.38                  0.35
                                                                                                                                                                                            0.35
 Net
  Netearnings
      earningsexcluding
               excludingspecific   items3 3
                         specificitems                                                      1,081.5
                                                                                             1,081.5               1,005.1
                                                                                                                    1,005.1                 893.5
                                                                                                                                             893.5                  76.4
                                                                                                                                                                     76.4                 111.6
                                                                                                                                                                                           111.6
     Net
      Netearnings
          earningsmargin
                   marginexcluding
                          excludingspecific   items3 3
                                    specificitems                                           10.1%
                                                                                             10.1%                   9.8%
                                                                                                                      9.8%                  8.5%
                                                                                                                                             8.5%                  0.3%
                                                                                                                                                                    0.3%                   1.3%
                                                                                                                                                                                            1.3%
                                                                       33
 Diluted
  DilutedEPS
          EPSexcluding
              excludingspecific
                        specificitems
                                  items(in
                                         (indollars)
                                             dollars)                                         3.46
                                                                                               3.46                  3.13
                                                                                                                      3.13                   2.80
                                                                                                                                              2.80                  0.33
                                                                                                                                                                     0.33                  0.33
                                                                                                                                                                                            0.33
 Liquidity
  Liquidity
 Cash
  Cashprovided
       providedby
                byoperating
                   operatingactivities
                             activities                                                     1,333.1
                                                                                             1,333.1               1,289.3
                                                                                                                    1,289.3               1,174.8
                                                                                                                                           1,174.8                  43.8
                                                                                                                                                                     43.8                 114.5
                                                                                                                                                                                           114.5
     As
      Asaa%%ofofrevenue
                 revenue                                                                    12.5%
                                                                                             12.5%                  12.5%
                                                                                                                     12.5%                 11.2%
                                                                                                                                            11.2%                     —
                                                                                                                                                                      —                    1.3%
                                                                                                                                                                                            1.3%
                                   44
 Days
  Dayssales
       salesoutstanding
             outstanding                                                                       44
                                                                                                44                     44
                                                                                                                        44                    43
                                                                                                                                               43                     —
                                                                                                                                                                      —                       11
 Capital
  Capitalstructure
          structure
 Net  debt5 5
  Netdebt                                                                                   1,333.3
                                                                                             1,333.3               1,779.6
                                                                                                                    1,779.6               2,113.3
                                                                                                                                           2,113.3                (446.3)
                                                                                                                                                                   (446.3)               (333.7)
                                                                                                                                                                                          (333.7)
 Net
  Netdebt
      debttotocapitalization  ratio6 6
               capitalizationratio                                                           15.8%
                                                                                            15.8%                 21.7%
                                                                                                                   21.7%                  27.6%
                                                                                                                                           27.6%                  (5.9%)
                                                                                                                                                                   (5.9%)                 (5.9%)
                                                                                                                                                                                           (5.9%)
                         77
 Return
  Returnon
         onequity
            equity                                                                           17.2%
                                                                                            17.2%                 17.7%
                                                                                                                   17.7%                  18.8%
                                                                                                                                           18.8%                  (0.5%)
                                                                                                                                                                   (0.5%)                 (1.1%)
                                                                                                                                                                                           (1.1%)
 Return
  Returnon
         oninvested  capital8 8
            investedcapital                                                                 14.5%
                                                                                             14.5%                14.5%
                                                                                                                   14.5%                  14.5%
                                                                                                                                           14.5%                      —
                                                                                                                                                                      —                      —
                                                                                                                                                                                             —
 Balance
  Balancesheet
          sheet
 Cash
  Cashand
       andcash
           cashequivalents,
                equivalents,and
                             andshort-term
                                 short-terminvestments
                                            investments                                      596.5
                                                                                              596.5                 305.3
                                                                                                                     305.3                  535.7
                                                                                                                                             535.7                 291.2
                                                                                                                                                                    291.2                (230.4)
                                                                                                                                                                                          (230.4)
 Total
  Totalassets
        assets                                                                             11,693.3
                                                                                            11,693.3              11,787.3
                                                                                                                   11,787.3              11,234.1
                                                                                                                                          11,234.1                 (94.0)
                                                                                                                                                                    (94.0)                553.2
                                                                                                                                                                                           553.2
 Long-term
  Long-termfinancial   liabilities9 9
             financialiabilities                                                            1,765.4
                                                                                             1,765.4               1,896.4
                                                                                                                    1,896.4               2,748.4
                                                                                                                                           2,748.4                (131.0)
                                                                                                                                                                   (131.0)               (852.0)
                                                                                                                                                                                          (852.0)
11
        Constant
         Constantcurrency
                     currencygrowth
                                 growthisisadjusted
                                               adjustedtotoremove
                                                               removethe  theimpact
                                                                               impactofoforeign
                                                                                            foreigncurrency
                                                                                                     currencyexchange
                                                                                                                  exchangerate ratefluctuations.
                                                                                                                                       fluctuations.Please
                                                                                                                                                       Pleaserefer
                                                                                                                                                                refertotosection
                                                                                                                                                                          section3.4
                                                                                                                                                                                   3.4forfordetails.
                                                                                                                                                                                              details.
22
        Adjusted
         AdjustedEBITEBITisisaameasure
                                 measurefor    forwhich
                                                    whichwe  weprovide
                                                                  providethethereconciliation
                                                                                 reconciliationtotoitsitsclosest
                                                                                                          closestIFRS
                                                                                                                    IFRSmeasure
                                                                                                                          measureininsection section3.7.
                                                                                                                                                      3.7.For
                                                                                                                                                            Forthe
                                                                                                                                                                theyear
                                                                                                                                                                    yearended
                                                                                                                                                                            endedSeptember
                                                                                                                                                                                    September30,   30,2014,
                                                                                                                                                                                                        2014,
        adjusted
         adjustedEBIT
                    EBITexcludes
                            excludesintegration-related
                                        integration-relatedcosts   costsrelated
                                                                          relatedtotothe
                                                                                       therestructuring
                                                                                           restructuringand  andtransformation
                                                                                                                  transformationofofthe   theoperations
                                                                                                                                               operationsofofLogica
                                                                                                                                                               Logicaplcplc("Logica")
                                                                                                                                                                             ("Logica")totothe
                                                                                                                                                                                             theCGI
                                                                                                                                                                                                 CGImodel.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       model.
33
        Net
         Netearnings
              earningsexcluding
                           excludingspecific
                                       specificitems
                                                   itemsisisaameasure
                                                                 measurefor  forwhich
                                                                                 whichwe weprovide
                                                                                              providethethereconciliation
                                                                                                              reconciliationtotoitsitsclosest
                                                                                                                                       closestIFRS
                                                                                                                                                 IFRSmeasure
                                                                                                                                                       measureininsection
                                                                                                                                                                      section3.8.3
                                                                                                                                                                                3.8.3for
                                                                                                                                                                                       forthe
                                                                                                                                                                                           theyears
                                                                                                                                                                                                yearsended
                                                                                                                                                                                                       ended
        September
         September30,   30,2016
                             2016andand2015.2015.For Forthetheyear
                                                               yearended
                                                                       endedSeptember
                                                                               September30,    30,2014
                                                                                                   2014specific
                                                                                                           specificitems
                                                                                                                      itemsincludes
                                                                                                                             includesintegration-related
                                                                                                                                            integration-relatedcosts
                                                                                                                                                                  costsandandresolu
                                                                                                                                                                                resolu   ionofofacquisition-
                                                                                                                                                                                      tion       acquisition-
        related
         relatedprovisions
                 provisionsnet   netofoftaxes
                                          taxesas  aswell
                                                        wellasastax
                                                                  taxadjustments.
                                                                        adjustments.Resolution
                                                                                         Resolutionofofacquisition-related
                                                                                                           acquisition-relatedprovisions
                                                                                                                                      provisionscame
                                                                                                                                                   camefromfromadjustments
                                                                                                                                                                 adjustmentsofofprovisions
                                                                                                                                                                                     provisionsthatthatwere
                                                                                                                                                                                                         were
        established
         establishedas   aspart
                             partofofthe
                                       thepurchase
                                              purchaseprice priceallocation
                                                                    allocationforforthe
                                                                                      theLogica
                                                                                           Logicaacquisition.
                                                                                                    acquisition.Subsequent
                                                                                                                     Subsequenttotothe     thefinalization
                                                                                                                                                finalizationofofthe
                                                                                                                                                                 thepurchase
                                                                                                                                                                       purchaseprice
                                                                                                                                                                                   priceallocation,
                                                                                                                                                                                            allocation,such
                                                                                                                                                                                                         such
        adjustments
         adjustmentsflow  flowthrough
                               throughthe   thestatement
                                                 statementofofearnings.
                                                                   earnings.
44
        DSO
         DSOisisaameasure
                     measurewhichwhichisisdiscussed
                                              discussedininsection
                                                                section4.5.
                                                                          4.5.
55
        Net
         Netdebt
              debtisisaameasure
                           measurefor forwhich
                                            whichwe  weprovide
                                                          providethe thereconciliation
                                                                         reconciliationtotoitsitsclosest
                                                                                                  closestIFRSIFRSmeasure
                                                                                                                    measureininsection
                                                                                                                                     section4.5.
                                                                                                                                               4.5.
66
        The
         Thenet
              netdebt
                   debtotocapitalization
                              capitalizationratioratioisisaameasure
                                                              measurewhichwhichisisdiscussed
                                                                                     discussedininsection
                                                                                                     section4.5. 4.5.
77
        ROE
         ROEisisaameasure
                     measurewhichwhichisisdiscussed
                                              discussedininsection
                                                                section4.5.
                                                                          4.5.
88
        ROIC
         ROICisisaameasure
                      measurewhichwhichisisdiscussed
                                               discussedininsection
                                                                 section4.5.
                                                                           4.5.
99
        Long-term
         Long-termfinancial
                       financialiabili
                                  liabili  iesinclude
                                        ties    includethe  helong-term
                                                                long-termportion
                                                                             portionofofthe
                                                                                          thedebt
                                                                                               debtand
                                                                                                     andthe thelong-term
                                                                                                                 long-termderivative
                                                                                                                             derivativefinancial
                                                                                                                                             financialinstruments.
                                                                                                                                                        instruments.




10
                                                                                                                     FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




2.3. STOCK PERFORMANCE




2.3.1. Fiscal 2016 Trading Summary
CGI’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) (stock quote – GIB.A) and the New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) (stock quote – GIB) and are included in various indexes such as the S&P/TSX 60 Index.

    TSX                                                            (CAD)               NYSE                                       (USD)
    Open:                                                           48.35              Open:                                       36.34
    High:                                                           65.84              High:                                       50.58
    Low:                                                            46.91              Low:                                        35.38
    Close:                                                        62.49                Close:                                      47.63
    CDN average daily trading volumes1:                       1,001,525                NYSE average daily trading volumes:       199,750
1
           Includes the average daily volumes of both the TSX and alternative trading systems.




                                                                                                                                    11
Management's Discussion and Analysis




2.3.2. Share Repurchase Program

On January 27, 2016, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized and subsequently received the approval from the TSX
for the renewal of the Normal Course Issuer Bid (“NCIB”) to purchase up to 21,425,992 Class A subordinate voting shares for
cancellation, representing 10% of the Company’s public float as of the close of business on January 22, 2016. The Class A
subordinate voting shares may be purchased under the NCIB commencing February 11, 2016 and ending on the earlier of
February 3, 2017 or the date on which the Company has either acquired the maximum number of Class A subordinate voting
shares allowable under the NCIB, or elects to terminate the NCIB.

During fiscal 2016, the Company repurchased 9,319,875 Class A subordinate voting shares for approximately $517.8 million
at an average price of $55.56 under the previous and current NCIB. The repurchased shares included 7,112,375 Class A
subordinate voting shares repurchased from Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec for cash consideration of $400.0 million.
In accordance with the TSX rules, the repurchase is considered in the annual aggregate limit that the Company is entitled to
repurchase under its current NCIB. As at September 30, 2016, the Company may repurchase up to 14,313,617 Class A
subordinate voting shares under the current NCIB.

2.3.3. Capital Stock and Options Outstanding
The following table provides a summary of the Capital Stock and Options Outstanding as at November 4, 2016:

Capital Stock and Options Outstanding                                                             As at November 4, 2016
Class A subordinate voting shares                                                                             272,103,193
Class B multiple voting shares                                                                                 32,852,748
Options to purchase Class A subordinate voting shares                                                          16,546,269


 2.4. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

 On November 4, 2016, the Company announced the closing of the acquisition of Collaborative Consulting, a system integration
 and consulting company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. With approximately 400 professionals and annualized
 revenues of approximately US$76.0M, Collaborative Consulting will enhance and accelerate CGI’s position as a provider of
 digital transformation services.

 The cash acquisition of all unit holder positions of Collaborative Consulting was completed effective November 3, 2016.




12
                                                                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




3.3.3.  Résultats
    3.Résultats
       3.          financiers
                 financiers
          Financial
       Financial     Review
                 Review
         Résultats  financiers


       3.1. BOOKINGS
         3.1.
        3.1.   NOUVEAUX
             NOUVEAUX
          3.1.        AND BOOK-TO-BILL
                        CONTRATS
                       CONTRATS
                NOUVEAUX         ET
                                ET
                         CONTRATS      RATIO
                                    RATIO
                                   RATIO
                                  ET       NOUVEAUX
                                         NOUVEAUX
                                     RATIO          CONTRATS/FACTURATION
                                                   CONTRATS/FACTURATION
                                            NOUVEAUX CONTRATS/FACTURATION
      Bookings
        Les
       Les
         Les    for
            nouveauxthe year
             nouveaux
              nouveaux        werepour
                           contrats
                         contrats
                            contrats $11.7
                                     pour   billion representing
                                           l’exercice
                                         l’exercice
                                      pour            ont
                                             l’exercice ont
                                                         ont       a
                                                             atteint
                                                           atteint
                                                              atteint book-to-bill
                                                                      11,7
                                                                    11,7
                                                                       11,7         ratio
                                                                            milliards
                                                                          milliards
                                                                            milliards $,$,of
                                                                                     $,       109.8%.
                                                                                           représentant
                                                                                        représentant   The
                                                                                                        un
                                                                                             représentant unbreakdown
                                                                                                            ratio
                                                                                                           un ratio
                                                                                                               ratio     of the new
                                                                                                                    nouveaux
                                                                                                                   nouveaux
                                                                                                                     nouveaux       bookings   signed
                                                                                                                                contrats/facturation
                                                                                                                              contrats/facturation
                                                                                                                                 contrats/facturationde
                                                                                                                                                    dede
      during
       109,8
        109,8the
              %.
               %.year
                 LaLa   is as follows:
                      répartition
                       répartition des
                                    desnouveaux
                                        nouveaux     contrats
                                                      contrats conclus
                                                                 conclus auaucours
                                                                              cours  de
                                                                                      de l’exercice
                                                                                           l’exerciceconsidéré
                                                                                                      considéré  s’établit
                                                                                                                  s’établit
         109,8 %. La répartition des nouveaux contrats conclus au cours de l’exercice considéré s’établit comme suit :     comme
                                                                                                                            comme  suit
                                                                                                                                    suit: :


                                                                                                                       EEE F FF                                              DDD EE
                                                                                                                                                                   CCC             E
                                                                                                              DDD
                    BBB                                            BBB                                                               AAA
                                     AAA                                             AAA
                                                                                                               CCC                                                                    AAA
                                                                                                                                                                    BBB
                                                                                                                           BB
                                                                                                                            B


                  Contract
                  Type  de
                   Typede
                  Type      Type
                            contrat
                          decontrat
                              contrat                       Service
                                                          Type
                                                            Type
                                                          Type   de
                                                                 de    Type
                                                                      service
                                                                   deservice
                                                                       service                      Secteur
                                                                                                    Secteur Segment
                                                                                                      Secteur  opérationnel
                                                                                                                opérationnel
                                                                                                              opérationnel                                        Vertical
                                                                                                                                                                      SecteurMarket
                                                                                                                                                                        Secteur
                                                                                                                                                                      Secteur      cible
                                                                                                                                                                                    cible
                                                                                                                                                                                  cible
                    Type de contrat                          Type de service                           Secteur opérationnel                                              Secteur cible
        A.   Prolongations
        A.A. Prolongations   etet
               Prolongationset                A.A. Intégration
                                              A.   Intégration
                                                     Intégrationdede  systèmes
                                                                        systèmes
                                                                    desystèmes                A.A. É.-U.
                                                                                              A.   É.-U.
                                                                                                    É.-U.                   2525%
                                                                                                                            25   %%                      A.A. Gouvernements
                                                                                                                                                        A.     Gouvernements
                                                                                                                                                                Gouvernements                   3333%
                                                                                                                                                                                                33   %%
       A. A.Extensions   and et
                Prolongations                 A.A. Systems      integration
                                                       Intégration de           and
                                                                          systèmes             A.A.      S.
                                                                                                      É.-U.                   25%%
                                                                                                                               25                      A. A.Government
                                                                                                                                                                  Gouvernements                    33%%
                                                                                                                                                                                                   33
             renouvellements
               renouvellements
             renouvellements          5757%
                                      57  %%       etetde
                                                   et  de  services-conseils
                                                         deservices-conseils
                                                             services-conseils 53     5353%
                                                                                          %% B.B. Canada
                                                                                                    Canada                  2121 %%                      B.B. Manufacturier,
                                                                                                                                                        B.     Manufacturier,
                                                                                                                                                                Manufacturier,
                renouvellements
            renewals                     57
                                         57%%          et de  services-conseils
                                                     consulting                          53
                                                                                       53%  % B.   Canada
                                                                                               B.B. Canada
                                                                                                      Canada                2121%%                     B. B.MRD   Manufacturier,                   30%
                                                                                                                               21  %                           distribution
                                                                                                                                                                distributionet
                                                                                                                                                              distribution    etetdétail
                                                                                                                                                                                  détail
                                                                                                                                                                                    détail      3030
                                                                                                                                                                                                30   %%
                                                                                                                                                                                                     %
             Nouvelles
        B.B. Nouvelles
        B.              ententes
               Nouvellesententes
                          ententes    4343%
                                      43  %% B.
                                              B.B. Gestion
                                                   Gestion
                                                     Gestiondededefonctions
                                                                  fonctions
                                                                    fonctions                 C.   Pays
                                                                                                C. Pays
                                                                                                    Pays  nordiques
                                                                                                            nordiques                                             distribution    et détail        30  %
           B. Nouvelles ententes         43 %    B. Gestion de fonctions                      C.
                                                                                               C.        nordiques
                                                                                                      Nordics                 15%                      C.C.
                                                                                                                                                         C.C.Financial
                                                                                                                                                               Services  services
                                                                                                                                                                          financiers               20%
                                                                                                                                                                                                2020 %
                                                   informatiques
                                                     informatiqueset
                                                   informatiques      etetd’affaires
                                                                          d’affaires  4747%
                                                                            d’affaires47  %%     C. Pays nordiques                                              Services
                                                                                                                                                              Services      financiers
                                                                                                                                                                          financiers            20   %
                                                       informatiquesofet                           européens
                                                                                                    européens
                                                                                         47 % D. européens                  1515%
                                                                                                                            15   %%                         C.    Services    financiers           20  %
       B. New business                   43% B. Management                 ITd’affaires
                                                                              and                     France
                                                                                                      européens               14%
                                                                                                                               15  %                   D.D.
                                                                                                                                                         D.D.Telecommunications
                                                                                                                                                               Télécommunications
                                                                                                                                                                Télécommunicationset
                                                                                                                                                              Télécommunications           etet
                                                                                              D.   France
                                                                                                D. France
                                                                                                    France                  1414 %%                         D. Télécommunications et
                                                     business functions                47% D.  E.     U.K.
                                                                                                 D. France
                                                                                                                            1414%%
                                                                                                                               14 %                            services   publics
                                                                                                                                                                servicespublics
                                                                                                                                                              services
                                                                                                                                                            & utilities     publics
                                                                                                                                                                  services publics
                                                                                                                                                                                                1111%
                                                                                                                                                                                                11   %
                                                                                                                                                                                                   11%%
                                                                                                                                                                                                   11
                                                                                              E.F.
                                                                                              E.   R.-U.
                                                                                                E. R.-U.
                                                                                                    R.-U.                   1414
                                                                                                                            14   %%
                                                                                                                                 %                       E.E. Santé
                                                                                                                                                        E.     Santé
                                                                                                                                                                Santé                            66 6%
                                                                                                                                                                                                     %%
                                                                                                 E. ECS
                                                                                                      R.-U.                   10%
                                                                                                                               14  %                   E. E.HealthSanté                              6%%
                                                                                                                                                                                                     6
                                                                                              F.G.
                                                                                              F.   ECS
                                                                                                F. ECSAsia Pacific
                                                                                                    ECS                     1010%
                                                                                                                            10   %
                                                                                                                                 1%
                                                                                                                                  %
                                                                                                 F. ECS                        10 %
                                                                                              G.G. Asie-Pacifique
                                                                                              G.   Asie-Pacifique
                                                                                                    Asie-Pacifique           11 1%
                                                                                                                                 %%
                                                                                                 G. Asie-Pacifique                1%
      Information regarding our bookings is a key indicator of the volume of our business over time. However, due to the timing and
          L’information
        L’information
            L’information           concernant
                                     concernantnos
                                 concernant          nos    nouveaux       contrats
                                                                            contratsest
                                                             nouveauxcontrats
                                                      nosnouveaux                         est
                                                                                           est un     indicateur
                                                                                                 un indicateur          clé
                                                                                                                       cléclédede    notre
                                                                                                                                denotre                    d’affaires au
                                                                                                                                              volume d’affaires
                                                                                                                                            volume                          au filfilfildudu    temps.
                                                                                                                                                                                           dutemps.
      transition      period associated            with    outsourcing      contracts,       the un     indicateur
                                                                                                   realization       of revenue       notre
                                                                                                                                      relatedvolume
                                                                                                                                                 to thesed’affaires
                                                                                                                                                              bookingsau      may fluctuate       temps.
          Cependant,
        Cependant,
            Cependant,           compte
                               compte
                                  compte   tenu
                                         tenu
                                            tenu   des
                                                  desdes  délais
                                                        délais
                                                           délaisdedede prise
                                                                      prise
                                                                         prise  d’effet
                                                                              d’effet
                                                                                 d’effet dedede  nos
                                                                                               nosnos  contrats
                                                                                                     contrats
                                                                                                         contrats     d’impartition
                                                                                                                    d’impartition
                                                                                                                       d’impartition   etet
                                                                                                                                          et des
                                                                                                                                           desdes  périodes
                                                                                                                                                 périodes
                                                                                                                                                    périodes   de de
                                                                                                                                                                   de  transition
                                                                                                                                                                     transition
                                                                                                                                                                        transition         précédant
                                                                                                                                                                                         précédant
                                                                                                                                                                                             précédant
      from period to period. The values initially booked may change over time due to their variable attributes, including demand-
        leurleurmise
          leur     miseen
                 mise      en en    œuvre,les
                                œuvre,
                                  œuvre,      lesrevenus
                                            les   revenus
                                                   revenus   associés
                                                               associés
                                                                associés   àààces
                                                                               ces
                                                                                ces nouveaux
                                                                                      nouveauxcontratscontrats      peuvent
                                                                                                                     peuvent        fluctuerd’une
                                                                                                                                 fluctuer
                                                                                                                                   fluctuer   d’une   période
                                                                                                                                                       période            l’autre.Les
                                                                                                                                                                   àààl’autre.
                                                                                                                                                                        l’autre.        Lesvaleurs
                                                                                                                                                                                               valeurs
      driven     usage,         modifications       in the scope        of work     to nouveaux
                                                                                         be performed   contratscaused peuvent
                                                                                                                             by changes        d’une
                                                                                                                                               in  clientpériode
                                                                                                                                                             requirements            asLes   wellvaleurs
                                                                                                                                                                                                    as
          initialement
        initialement
            initialement        comptabilisées
                              comptabilisées
                                  comptabilisées       peuvent
                                                     peuvent
                                                        peuvent     changer
                                                                  changer
                                                                     changer    avec
                                                                               avec
                                                                                  avec  lele
                                                                                           le  temps
                                                                                             temps
                                                                                                temps  en enen  raison
                                                                                                              raison
                                                                                                                 raison  dede
                                                                                                                            de  leur
                                                                                                                              leur
                                                                                                                                 leur  caractère
                                                                                                                                     caractère
                                                                                                                                        caractère    variable,
                                                                                                                                                   variable,
                                                                                                                                                       variable,   y y  compris
                                                                                                                                                                      compris
                                                                                                                                                                      y   compris         l’utilisation
                                                                                                                                                                                        l’utilisation
                                                                                                                                                                                            l’utilisation
      termination clauses at the option of the client. As such, information regarding our bookings is not comparable to, nor should
          découlant
        découlant
            découlant   de  de  lalala
                               de     demande,les
                                     demande,       les  modificationsde
                                                        modifications                portéedes
                                                                             delalaportée        destravaux
                                                                                                       travaux    ààexécuter
                                                                                                                      àexécuter       découlantde
                                                                                                                                    découlant       de   changements
                                                                                                                                                      changements              desdemandes
                                                                                                                                                                             des          demandes
      it be    substituted          fordemande,
                                        an analysis   lesofmodifications
                                                             our revenue;deit la   is portée
                                                                                       insteaddes   a keytravaux
                                                                                                               indicatorexécuter
                                                                                                                             of our découlant
                                                                                                                                       future revenuede   changements
                                                                                                                                                              used by thedes               demandes
                                                                                                                                                                                   Company’s
        des
          des
            des clients
                  clients      ainsi
                                ainsi
                   clientstoainsi      que
                                        que  les
                                               les
                                         que les   dispositions
                                                     dispositions     de
                                                       dispositions de résiliation au gré des clients. Par conséquent, l’information concernantnos
                                                                       de  résiliation
                                                                            résiliation     auau gré
                                                                                                   gré  des
                                                                                                          des   clients.
                                                                                                                  clients.   Par
                                                                                                                              Par   conséquent,
                                                                                                                                     conséquent,      l’information
                                                                                                                                                        l’information       concernant
                                                                                                                                                                             concernant               nos
                                                                                                                                                                                                       nos
      management                   measure      growth.
          nouveaux
        nouveaux            contrats
                         contrats        ne
                                        ne     doit
                                            doit     pas
                                                   pas      faire
                                                          faire    l’objet
                                                                 l’objet    d’une
                                                                          d’une       comparaison
                                                                                    comparaison              avec
                                                                                                           avec      l’analyse
                                                                                                                   l’analyse      de
            nouveaux contrats ne doit pas faire l’objet d’une comparaison avec l’analyse de nos revenus ni se substituer à une tellede  nos
                                                                                                                                       nos    revenus
                                                                                                                                             revenus      nini se
                                                                                                                                                              se     substituer
                                                                                                                                                                   substituer         à   àuneune    telle
                                                                                                                                                                                                   telle
      The     following
          analyse.
        analyse.
            analyse.           table
                                s’agit
                       Il IlIls’agit   provides
                                        plutôt
                                 s’agitplutôt      a
                                                  d’un
                                         plutôtd’und’unsummary
                                                          indicateur
                                                        indicateur
                                                           indicateur   the
                                                                     of clé
                                                                         clé bookings
                                                                          clédede
                                                                                denos nos and
                                                                                     nos     revenus
                                                                                           revenus  book-to-bill
                                                                                              revenus       futurs    ratio
                                                                                                                       utilisé
                                                                                                             futursutilisé
                                                                                                          futurs              by
                                                                                                                        utiliséparsegment:
                                                                                                                                  parlala
                                                                                                                                 par       direction
                                                                                                                                        ladirection
                                                                                                                                            directionde             Société
                                                                                                                                                           delalalaSociété
                                                                                                                                                          de         Sociétépour   pour        évaluer
                                                                                                                                                                                      pourévaluer
                                                                                                                                                                                                évaluer
        lalalacroissance.
             croissance.
               croissance.
        LeLetableau
         Le   tableauqui
             tableau    quisuit
                      qui   suit   présenteun
                             suitprésente
                                  présente  un   sommairedes
                                             unsommaire
                                                sommaire        nouveauxcontrats
                                                           desnouveaux
                                                          des  nouveaux  contratsetetetleleleratio
                                                                          contrats            ratio  nouveauxcontrats/facturation
                                                                                                   nouveaux
                                                                                               ratio           contrats/facturation par
                                                                                                                                      parsecteur
                                                                                                                                           secteur
                                                                               Bookings        for thenouveaux
                                                                                                       year     contrats/facturation
                                                                                                              Book-to-bill             par
                                                                                                                           ratio for the    secteur
                                                                                                                                         year
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
         opérationnel
        opérationnel  : :                                                 ended September 30, 2016               ended September 30, 2016
          opérationnel :
                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                        
        Total  CGI de                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                            11,730,713  
                                                                                                                                                    109.8 %
        En milliers
         Enmilliers
        En  milliersde dollars
                     dedollars canadiens,
                        dollarscanadiens, sauf
                                canadiens,sauf les
                                           saufles  pourcentages
                                                 lespourcentages
                                                     pourcentages                                                            
                                                                                                                                
          En milliers de dollars canadiens, sauf les pourcentages                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                 
         U.S.                                                                                                               2,978,558
                                                                                                                                                   100.3 %
                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                            
        Nordics
         –
        –                                                                                                           1,736,860
                                                                                                                                  1111  730713
                                                                                                                                       730  713                      100.6
                                                                                                                                                                      109,8%
                                                                                                                                                                    109,8    %
          –                                                                                                                11  730 713                       109,8% %
        Canada
          -
         -                                                                                                                2,495,550
                                                                                                                                    2 2978
                                                                                                                                        978558
                                                                                                                                            558                      151.4 %
                                                                                                                                                                      100,3%%
                                                                                                                                                                    100,3
           -                                                                                                                       2 978 558                       100,3 %
        France
                                                                                                      1,584,578                              107.6
                                                                                                                                                                      100,6%
         
                                                                                                              1 1736
                                                                                                                                        736860
                                                                                                                                            860
                                                                                                                                       1 736 860                    100,6    %
                                                                                                                                                                       100,6% %
        U.K.                                                                                                                  1,650,659                              105.6 %
          
                                                                                                                              2 2495
                                                                                                                                        495550
                                                                                                                                            550                       151,4%%
                                                                                                                                                                    151,4
        ECS                                                                                                             1,128,6002 495 550                       151,4
                                                                                                                                                                      96.8 %%
         
                                                                                                                              11584
                                                                                                                                        584578
                                                                                                                                            578                     107,6
                                                                                                                                                                      107,6 %%
           
        Asia  Pacific                                                                                                           155,9081 584 578                       107,6
                                                                                                                                                                     113.4 %%
          -
         -                                                                                                                      1 1650
                                                                                                                                        650659
                                                                                                                                            659                       105,6%%
                                                                                                                                                                    105,6
           -                                                                                                                       1 650 659                       105,6 %
         
                                                                                                                                 11128
                                                                                                                                        128600
                                                                                                                                            600                       96,8
                                                                                                                                                                       96,8 %%
                                                                                                                                    1 128 600                        96,8 %
          -
         -                                                                                                                 155908
                                                                                                                                       155  908                       113,4%%
                                                                                                                                                                    113,4
           -                                                                                                                155 908                       113,4 %




 Groupe
 Groupe CGI
  GroupeCGI inc.
              inc.–– –Rapport
         CGIinc.      Rapport dedegestion
                       Rapportde  gestion pour
                                   gestionpour l’exercice
                                           pourl’exercice  clos
                                                 l’exerciceclos  lele30
                                                             closle  30 septembre
                                                                      30septembre 2016
                                                                                   2016
                                                                         septembre2016                                                                                                      Page
                                                                                                                                                                                            Page 1616
                                                                                                                                                                                             Page16
   Groupe CGI inc. – Rapport de gestion pour l’exercice clos le 30 septembre 2016                                                                                                             Page 16




                                                                                                                                                                                                13
Management's Discussion and Analysis




3.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE

The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS, we
value assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various exchange rates. We report all
dollar amounts in Canadian dollars.

Closing foreign exchange rates


As at September 30,                                                                               2016                2015             Change
U.S. dollar                                                                                      1.3121            1.3399                   (2.1%)
Euro                                                                                             1.4747            1.4958                   (1.4%)
Indian rupee                                                                                     0.0197            0.0205                   (3.9%)
British pound                                                                                    1.7076            2.0252                 (15.7%)
Swedish krona                                                                                    0.1531            0.1596                   (4.1%)
Australian dollar                                                                                1.0061            0.9405                     7.0%


Average foreign exchange rates


For the years ended September 30,                                                                 2016                2015             Change
U.S. dollar                                                                                      1.3255            1.2294                     7.8%
Euro                                                                                             1.4722            1.4081                     4.6%
Indian rupee                                                                                     0.0198            0.0195                     1.5%
British pound                                                                                    1.8876            1.8983                   (0.6%)
Swedish krona                                                                                    0.1574            0.1506                     4.5%
Australian dollar                                                                                0.9760            0.9634                     1.3%



3.3.
3.3.REVENUE
     RÉPARTITIONDISTRIBUTION
                      DES REVENUS
The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the year:
 Les graphiques suivants fournissent des renseignements additionnels sur la répartition de nos revenus pour l’exercice :


                                                                                 F       G                                     D      E
                                                                             E
                                                                     D                                                C
                                          A.1
           B             A                                                                   A                                            A
                                                                         C
                                          A.2                                                                             B
                                                                                     B

                      Service Type                                       Client Geography                                 Vertical Market
                    Type de service                                Répartition géographique                                Secteur cible
A.A. Gestion
     Managementde of
                   fonctions informatiques
                       IT and business  functions     54% A. A.É.-U.U.S.                         28 %28% A.
                                                                                                         A.   Gouvernements
                                                                                                                Government                           34 %
                                                                                                                                                        34%
     et d’affaires
     1.     IT services                          54 %
                                                44%       B. B.Canada
                                                                   Canada                        15 %15% B.
                                                                                                         B.     MRD
                                                                                                              Manufacturier,                            23%
     1. Services
     2.     Business en TI
                       process services 44 %10%           C. C.R.-U.U.K.                         15 %15% C.   distribution
                                                                                                                Financial et détail
                                                                                                                           services                  23 %
                                                                                                                                                        21%
     2. Services en gestion des                           D. D.France
                                                                   France                        13 %13% C.
                                                                                                         D.     Telecommunications
                                                                                                              Services  financiers & utilities 21 %
                                                                                                                                                  15%
B.        processus
     Systems          d’affaires
                integration and consulting 10 %       46%    E.    Sweden                             8% D.
                                                                                                         E.     Health
                                                                                                              Télécommunications                   7%
                                                          E. Suède                                8%
  B. Intégration de systèmes et                              F.    Finland                            6%      et services publics              15 %
     services-conseils                           46 %     F. Finlande                             6%
                                                             G.    Rest of the world                 15% E.   Santé                                   7%
                                                          G. Reste du monde                      15 %


3.3.1. Client Concentration
  3.3.1.
IFRS      Concentration
       guidance            de ladisclosures
                  on segment      clientèle defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known to the reporting entity
toLes
    be lignes
        under common      control.
              directrices des      As asur les
                                IFRS     consequence,    our work
                                                informations      for the U.S.
                                                             sectorielles         federal
                                                                           définissent      government
                                                                                         un seul         including
                                                                                                 client comme    unitsgroupe
                                                                                                                        various agencies
                                                                                                                              d’entités que
represented   13.2%    of our revenue   for fiscal 2016 as compared    to 14.0%   in fiscal 2015.
  l’entreprise publiante sait être sous contrôle commun. Ainsi, nos activités auprès du gouvernement fédéral américain ont
 représenté 13,2 % de nos revenus pour l’exercice considéré, contre 14,0 % pour l’exercice 2015.




14
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




3.4. REVENUE VARIATION AND REVENUE BY SEGMENT

Our seven segments are reported based on where the client's work is delivered from - our geographic delivery model.

The following table provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment, separately
showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. The fiscal 2015 revenue
by segment was recorded reflecting the actual foreign exchange rates for that period. The foreign exchange impact is the
difference between the current period’s actual results and the same period’s results converted with the prior year’s foreign
exchange rate.

                                                                                                            Change
For the years ended September 30,                              2016              2015                $                 %
In thousands of CAD except for percentages
Total CGI revenue                                         10,683,264        10,287,096           396,168             3.9%
Variation prior to foreign currency impact                     0.2%
Foreign currency impact                                        3.7%
Variation over previous period                                 3.9%

U.S.
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                   2,673,658         2,813,127          (139,469)            (5.0%)
Foreign currency impact                                     205,003
U.S. revenue                                               2,878,661         2,813,127            65,534             2.3%

Nordics
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                   1,583,199         1,638,985           (55,786)            (3.4%)
Foreign currency impact                                      68,123
Nordics revenue                                            1,651,322         1,638,985            12,337             0.8%

Canada
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                   1,535,498         1,533,719             1,779             0.1%
Foreign currency impact                                         833
Canada revenue                                             1,536,331         1,533,719             2,612             0.2%

France
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                   1,381,004         1,283,387            97,617             7.6%
Foreign currency impact                                      63,962
France revenue                                             1,444,966         1,283,387           161,579             12.6%

U.K.
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                   1,445,329         1,331,287           114,042             8.6%
Foreign currency impact                                      (13,590)
U.K. revenue                                               1,431,739         1,331,287           100,452             7.5%

ECS
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                   1,152,070         1,211,228           (59,158)            (4.9%)
Foreign currency impact                                      46,784
ECS revenue                                                1,198,854         1,211,228           (12,374)            (1.0%)

Asia Pacific
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                    533,059            475,363            57,696             12.1%
Foreign currency impact                                        8,332
Asia Pacific revenue                                        541,391            475,363            66,028             13.9%

For the year ended September 30, 2016 revenue was $10,683.3 million, an increase of $396.2 million, or 3.9% over the same
period of fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by 0.2%. Foreign currency rate fluctuations favourably
impacted our revenue by $379.4 million or 3.7%. The revenue growth in U.K., France and the increased use of our offshore
global delivery centers in Asia Pacific compensated for the non-renewal of contracts in the U.S. federal defense market and
lower work volumes in the Nordics and ECS segments.




                                                                                                                        15
Management's Discussion and Analysis




3.4.1. U.S.
For the year ended September 30, 2016 revenue in our U.S. segment was $2,878.7 million, an increase of $65.5 million or
2.3% over fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $139.5 million or 5.0%. The change in revenue
was mainly driven by the non-renewal of contracts in the U.S. government market, mainly in the defense sector. This was
partly offset by an increased volume of work within the U.S. federal civilian agencies.

For the year ended September 30, 2016, the top two U.S. vertical markets were government and financial services, which
together accounted for approximately 77% of revenue.

3.4.2. Nordics
For the year ended September 30, 2016, revenue in our Nordics segment was $1,651.3 million, an increase of $12.3 million
or 0.8% over the same period of fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $55.8 million or 3.4%. The
change in revenue was mostly due to the expiration of certain infrastructure contracts, lower work volumes, and an increased
usage of our offshore delivery centers in Asia Pacific. This was partly offset by an increased work volume in Denmark mainly
in the MRD vertical market.

For the year ended September 30, 2016, Nordics' top two vertical markets were MRD and government, which together
accounted for approximately 65% of revenue.

3.4.3. Canada
For the year ended September 30, 2016, revenue in our Canada segment was $1,536.3 million, an increase of $2.6 million
or 0.2% compared to the same period last year. When considering the higher proportion of revenues delivered from our
offshore delivery centers in Asia Pacific, our client revenue grew by 2.3%. This increase was mainly due to growth in the
financial services market, including IP-based services and solutions revenue and new outsourcing contracts within the MRD
vertical market. This was partly offset by expiration of certain infrastructure outsourcing contracts and the positive impact on
revenue of a client arbitration award in Q3 2015.

For the year ended September 30, 2016, Canada’s top two vertical markets were financial services and telecommunications
& utilities, which together accounted for approximately 62% of revenue.

3.4.4. France
For the year ended September 30, 2016, revenue in our France segment was $1,445.0 million, an increase of $161.6 million
or 12.6% over the same period of fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $97.6 million or 7.6%. The
increase in revenue was mostly due to more work volume across the majority of their vertical markets and, to a lesser extent,
to a recent business acquisition.

For the year ended September 30, 2016, France’s top two vertical markets were MRD and financial services, which together
accounted for approximately 63% of revenue.

3.4.5. U.K.
For the year ended September 30, 2016, revenue in our U.K. segment was $1,431.7 million, an increase of $100.5 million or
7.5% over fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $114.0 million or 8.6%. The increase in revenue
was mainly due to new outsourcing contracts in the government market combined with higher work volume in the
telecommunication & utilities and financial services vertical markets. This was partly offset by lower work volume with a client
in the MRD vertical market.

For the year ended September 30, 2016, U.K.’s top two vertical markets were government and telecommunications & utilities,
which together accounted for approximately 68% of revenue.




16
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2016 RESULTS



 3.4.6. ECS
 3.4.6. ECS
For the year ended September 30, 2016, revenue in our ECS segment was $1,198.9 million, a decrease of $12.4 million or
For the year ended September 30, 2016, revenue in our ECS segment was $1,198.9 million, a decrease of $12.4 million or
1.0% over fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $59.2 million or 4.9%. The change in revenue
1.0% over fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $59.2 million or 4.9%. The change in revenue
was mostly due to lower work volume and projects completed in the Netherlands, lower work volume combined with the
was mostly due to lower work volume and projects completed in the Netherlands, lower work volume combined with the
divesting of certain low margin contracts in Southern Europe and the wind-down of the majority of our operations in South
divesting of certain low margin contracts in Southern Europe and the wind-down of the majority of our operations in South
America. This was partly offset by increased work volume in Germany mainly in the MRD and telecommunication & utilities
America. This was partly offset by increased work volume in Germany mainly in the MRD and telecommunication & utilities
vertical markets.
vertical markets.
For the year ended September 30, 2016, ECS’ top two vertical markets were MRD and telecommunications & utilities, which
For the year ended September 30, 2016, ECS’ top two vertical markets were MRD and telecommunications & utilities, which
together accounted for approximately 63% of revenue.
together accounted for approximately 63% of revenue.

3.4.7. Asia Pacific
3.4.7. Asia Pacific
For the year ended September 30, 2016, revenue in our Asia Pacific segment was $541.4 million, an increase of $66.0 million
For the year ended September 30, 2016, revenue in our Asia Pacific segment was $541.4 million, an increase of $66.0 million
or 13.9% over the same period of fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $57.7 million or 12.1%.
or 13.9% over the same period of fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $57.7 million or 12.1%.
The increase in revenue was due the continued increased demand of our offshore delivery centers across our segments, as
The increase in revenue was due the continued increased demand of our offshore delivery centers across our segments, as
our clients continue taking advantage of our global delivery network. This was partly offset by lower work volumes in Australia.
our clients continue taking advantage of our global delivery network. This was partly offset by lower work volumes in Australia.
For the year ended September 30, 2016, Asia Pacific’s top two vertical markets were telecommunications & utilities and MRD,
For the year ended September 30, 2016, Asia Pacific’s top two vertical markets were telecommunications & utilities and MRD,
which together accounted for approximately 72% of revenue.
which together accounted for approximately 72% of revenue.

3.5. OPERATING EXPENSES
3.5. OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                                % of                      % of                Change
                                                                % of                      % of                Change
For the years ended September 30,                    2016    Revenue           2015     Revenue          $              %
For the years ended September 30,                    2016    Revenue           2015     Revenue          $              %
In thousands of CAD except for percentages
In thousands of CAD except for percentages
Costs of services, selling and administrative   9,120,929      85.4%     8,819,055        85.7%       301,874            3.4%
Costs of services, selling and administrative   9,120,929      85.4%     8,819,055        85.7%       301,874            3.4%
Foreign exchange loss                               2,024       0.0%        10,733         0.1%        (8,709)         (81.1%)
Foreign exchange loss                               2,024       0.0%        10,733         0.1%        (8,709)         (81.1%)

 3.5.1. Costs of Services, Selling and Administrative
 3.5.1. Costs of Services, Selling and Administrative
For the year ended September 30, 2016, costs of services, selling and administrative expenses amounted to $9,120.9 million,
For the year ended September 30, 2016, costs of services, selling and administrative expenses amounted to $9,120.9 million,
an increase of $301.9 million over the same period last year. As a percentage of revenue, cost of services, selling and
an increase of $301.9 million over the same period last year. As a percentage of revenue, cost of services, selling and
administrative expenses improved to 85.4% from 85.7%. As a percentage of revenue, our costs of services improved compared
administrative expenses improved to 85.4% from 85.7%. As a percentage of revenue, our costs of services improved compared
to the same period last year mainly due to savings related to the recent restructuring program, improved utilization rates and
to the same period last year mainly due to savings related to the recent restructuring program, improved utilization rates and
the increased use of our global delivery network. Our selling and administrative expenses, as a percentage of revenue,
the increased use of our global delivery network. Our selling and administrative expenses, as a percentage of revenue,
remained stable.
remained stable.
During the year ended September 30, 2016 the translation of the results of our foreign operations from their local currencies
During the year ended September 30, 2016 the translation of the results of our foreign operations from their local currencies
to the Canadian dollar unfavourably impacted costs by $325.5 million substantially offsetting the favourable translation impact
to the Canadian dollar unfavourably impacted costs by $325.5 million substantially offsetting the favourable translation impact
of $379.4 million on our revenue.
of $379.4 million on our revenue.
 3.5.2. Foreign Exchange Loss
 3.5.2. Foreign Exchange Loss
During the year ended September 30, 2016, CGI incurred $2.0 million of foreign exchange loss, mainly driven by the timing
During the year ended September 30, 2016, CGI incurred $2.0 million of foreign exchange loss, mainly driven by the timing
in payments combined with the volatility and fluctuation of foreign exchange rates. The Company, in addition to its natural
in payments combined with the volatility and fluctuation of foreign exchange rates. The Company, in addition to its natural
hedges, has a strategy in place to manage its exposure, to the extent possible, to exchange rate fluctuations through the
hedges, has a strategy in place to manage its exposure, to the extent possible, to exchange rate fluctuations through the
effective use of derivatives.
effective use of derivatives.




                                                                                                                            17
Management's Discussion and Analysis




3.6. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT

                                                                                                        Change
For the years ended September 30,                      2016                2015                 $                   %
In thousands of CAD except for percentages
U.S.                                                 486,295             454,325              31,970               7.0%
  As a percentage of U.S. revenue                      16.9%               16.2%

Nordics                                              186,742             153,841              32,901              21.4%
  As a percentage of Nordics revenue                   11.3%                9.4%

Canada                                               345,483             343,692               1,791               0.5%
  As a percentage of Canada revenue                    22.5%               22.4%

France                                               174,685             146,615              28,070              19.1%
  As a percentage of France revenue                    12.1%               11.4%

U.K.                                                 154,262             163,603              (9,341)             (5.7%)
  As a percentage of U.K. revenue                      10.8%               12.3%

ECS                                                  114,256             118,141              (3,885)             (3.3%)
  As a percentage of ECS revenue                        9.5%                9.8%

Asia Pacific                                          98,588              77,091              21,497              27.9%
  As a percentage of Asia Pacific revenue              18.2%               16.2%
Adjusted EBIT                                      1,560,311           1,457,308             103,003               7.1%
  Adjusted EBIT margin                                 14.6%               14.2%


For the year ended September 30, 2016, adjusted EBIT margin increased to 14.6% from 14.2% for the same period last year.
The favourable variance in adjusted EBIT margin was primarily due to productivity improvements, the savings driven by our
restructuring program and a better mix of profitable revenue.

3.6.1. U.S.
For the year ended September 30, 2016, adjusted EBIT in the U.S. segment was $486.3 million, an increase of $32.0 million.
Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 16.9% from 16.2% mostly due to additional research and development tax credits and the
decrease in amortization of client relationships related to the acquisition of Stanley, Inc.

3.6.2. Nordics
For the year ended September 30, 2016, adjusted EBIT in the Nordics segment was $186.7 million, an increase of $32.9
million, while the adjusted EBIT margin improved to 11.3% from 9.4%. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin came mainly
from the ongoing cost synergies within our infrastructure business, the improved delivery performance, and the savings
generated from the restructuring program.




18
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




3.6.3. Canada
For the year ended September 30, 2016, adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $345.5 million, an increase of $1.8 million
compared to the same period last year, while the adjusted EBIT margin was stable when compared to fiscal 2015. When
excluding the positive impact of a client arbitration award in Q3 2015, adjusted EBIT increased by 1.1% due to a better mix
of profitable revenue, and growth in the financial services sector.

3.6.4. France
For the year ended September 30, 2016, adjusted EBIT in the France segment was $174.7 million, an increase of $28.1 million
when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin improved to 12.1% from 11.4%. The increase in adjusted
EBIT margin was mostly due to improved utilization rates on a year-over-year basis.

3.6.5. U.K.
For the year ended September 30, 2016, adjusted EBIT in the U.K. segment was $154.3 million, a decrease of $9.3 million
when compared to fiscal 2015. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 10.8% from 12.3% mostly due to the positive impact of
additional change orders on certain large contracts in fiscal 2015.

 3.6.6. ECS
For the year ended September 30, 2016, adjusted EBIT was $114.3 million, a decrease of $3.9 million when compared to the
same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin was essentially stable with productivity improvements being offset by revenue
impacts in the Netherlands as described in the revenue section.

3.6.7. Asia Pacific
For the year ended September 30, 2016, adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $98.6 million an increase of $21.5
million, while the margin improved to 18.2% from 16.2% compared to the same period last year mostly due to productivity
improvements across their global delivery centers.

3.7. EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES
The following table provides a reconciliation between our adjusted EBIT and earnings before income taxes, which is reported
in accordance with IFRS.

                                                                                                            Change
For the years ended September 30,               2016    % of Revenue       2015    % of Revenue         $              %
In thousands of CAD except for percentage
Adjusted EBIT                               1,560,311         14.6%    1,457,308          14.2%      103,003          7.1%
Minus the following items:
   Restructuring costs                        29,100           0.3%      35,903            0.3%       (6,803)        (18.9%)
   Net finance costs                          78,426           0.7%      92,857            0.9%      (14,431)        (15.5%)
Earnings before income taxes                1,452,785         13.6%    1,328,548          12.9%      124,237          9.4 %


3.7.1. Restructuring Costs
In Q1 2016, we completed the previously announced restructuring program for productivity improvement initiatives. For the
year ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $29.1 million of restructuring costs for a total expense of $65.0 million
over the entire program.




                                                                                                                           19
Management's Discussion and Analysis




3.7.2. Net Finance Costs
Net finance costs mainly include the interest on our long-term debt. The decrease in net finance costs for the year ended
September 30, 2016 was mainly the result of the early repayments of the May 2016 maturing tranche of the unsecured
committed term loan credit facility.


3.8. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:

                                                                                                            Change
For the years ended September 30,                                 2016            2015               $                 %
In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
Earnings before income taxes                                  1,452,785       1,328,548           124,237              9.4%
Income tax expense                                             384,069         350,992             33,077              9.4%
   Effective tax rate                                            26.4%           26.4%
Net earnings                                                  1,068,716        977,556             91,160              9.3%
   Net earnings margin                                           10.0%            9.5%


Weighted average number of shares outstanding
  Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B             304,808,130    311,477,555                                (2.1%)
  multiple voting shares (basic)

  Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B             312,773,156    321,422,444                                (2.7%)
  multiple voting shares (diluted)

Earnings per share (in dollars)
  Basic                                                            3.51            3.14              0.37             11.8%
  Diluted                                                          3.42            3.04              0.38             12.5%


3.8.1. Income Tax Expense
For the year ended September 30, 2016, the income tax expense was $384.1 million compared to $351.0 million over the
same period last year, while our effective tax rate remained stable. The income tax expense was impacted by a favourable
tax adjustment of $14.4 million in Q2 2016 attributable to the recognition of deferred tax assets following an agreement with
the U.K. tax authority and an additional tax expense for an amount of $5.9 million in Q1 2016 resulting from the re-evaluation
of our deferred tax assets following the U.K. corporate tax reduction enacted in November 18, 2015. When excluding these
tax adjustments and the tax effects from restructuring costs incurred in both years, the income tax rate would have been 27.0%
during fiscal 2016 compared to 26.3% in fiscal 2015. The increase in the income tax expense and the income tax rate was
mainly attributable to the increased profitability of our U.S., India and France operations where enacted income tax rates are
higher.
The table in section 3.8.3. shows the year-over-year comparison of the tax rate with the impact of specific items removed.

Based on the enacted rates at the end of fiscal 2016 and our current business mix, we expect our effective tax rate before
any significant adjustments to be in the range of 27.0% to 29.0% in subsequent periods.

3.8.2. Weighted Average Number of Shares
For fiscal 2016, CGI’s basic and diluted weighted average number of shares decreased compared to fiscal 2015 due to the
impact of the repurchase of Class A subordinate voting shares, partly offset by the grants and the exercise of stock options.




20
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




3.8.3.
 3.8.3.Net
        NetEarnings
            Earningsand
                     andEarnings
                         Earningsper
                                  perShare
                                      ShareExcluding
                                            ExcludingSpecific
                                                      SpecificItems
                                                                Items
Below
 Belowisisa atable
               tableshowing
                     showingthe
                              theyear-over-year
                                  year-over-yearcomparison
                                                 comparisonexcluding
                                                            excludingspecific
                                                                      specificitems
                                                                                itemsnamely,
                                                                                      namely,restructuring
                                                                                               restructuringcosts,
                                                                                                             costs,and
                                                                                                                    andtax
                                                                                                                         tax
adjustments:
 adjustments:

                                                                                                            Change
                                                                                                             Change
 For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                       September30,
                                 30,                                       2016
                                                                            2016           2015
                                                                                            2015       $$               %%
 InIn
    thousands
      thousands
              ofof
                CADCAD
                     except
                       except
                            forfor
                                 percentages
                                   percentages
                                             and
                                               and
                                                 shares
                                                   shares
                                                        data
                                                          data
 Earnings
  Earningsbefore
           beforeincome
                   incometaxes
                           taxes                                       1,452,785
                                                                         1,452,785     1,328,548
                                                                                         1,328,548   124,237
                                                                                                      124,237          9.4%
                                                                                                                         9.4%
 Add
  Addback:
      back:
                           1 1
       Restructuring
        Restructuringcosts
                      costs                                              29,100
                                                                          29,100         35,903
                                                                                          35,903      (6,803)
                                                                                                        (6,803)       (18.9%)
                                                                                                                        (18.9%)
 Earnings
  Earningsbefore
           beforeincome
                   incometaxes
                           taxesexcluding
                                 excludingspecific
                                           specificitems
                                                     items             1,481,885
                                                                         1,481,885     1,364,451
                                                                                         1,364,451   117,434
                                                                                                      117,434          8.6%
                                                                                                                         8.6%

 Income
   Incometax
           taxexpense
               expense                                                  384,069
                                                                         384,069        350,992
                                                                                         350,992      33,077
                                                                                                       33,077          9.4%
                                                                                                                         9.4%
 Add
  Addback:
      back:
                       2 2
       Tax
        Taxadjustments
            adjustments                                                    8,500
                                                                             8,500            ——       8,500
                                                                                                         8,500          ——
       Tax
        Taxdeduction
            deductionononrestructuring
                           restructuringcosts
                                         costs                             7,858
                                                                             7,858         8,352
                                                                                             8,352      (494)
                                                                                                          (494)        (5.9%)
                                                                                                                         (5.9%)
 Income
   Incometax
           taxexpense
               expensexcluding
                      excludingspecific
                                specificitems
                                          items                         400,427
                                                                         400,427        359,344
                                                                                         359,344      41,083
                                                                                                       41,083         11.4%
                                                                                                                       11.4%
       Effective
        Effectivetax
                   taxrate
                        ratexcluding
                            excludingspecific
                                      specificitems
                                                items                     27.0%
                                                                           27.0%          26.3%
                                                                                           26.3%

 Net
  Netearnings
      earningsexcluding
               excludingspecific
                         specificitems
                                   items                               1,081,458
                                                                         1,081,458     1,005,107
                                                                                         1,005,107    76,351
                                                                                                       76,351          7.6%
                                                                                                                         7.6%
       Net
        Netearnings
            earningsexcluding
                     excludingspecific
                               specificitems
                                         itemsmargin
                                               margin                     10.1%
                                                                           10.1%           9.8%
                                                                                             9.8%

 Weighted
  Weightedaverage
           averagenumber
                   numberofofshares
                              sharesoutstanding
                                     outstanding
      Class
       ClassA Asubordinate
                subordinatevoting
                               votingshares
                                      sharesand
                                             andClass
                                                 ClassB Bmultiple
                                                          multiple
      voting
       votingshares
               shares(basic)
                       (basic)                                       304,808,130
                                                                      304,808,130    311,477,555
                                                                                      311,477,555                      (2.1%)
                                                                                                                         (2.1%)


      Class
       ClassA Asubordinate
                subordinatevoting
                               votingshares
                                      sharesand
                                             andClass
                                                 ClassB Bmultiple
                                                          multiple
      voting
       votingshares
               shares(diluted)
                       (diluted)                                     312,773,156
                                                                      312,773,156    321,422,444
                                                                                      321,422,444                      (2.7%)
                                                                                                                         (2.7%)

 Earnings
  Earningsper
           pershare
               sharexcluding
                    excludingspecific
                              specificitems
                                        items(in(indollars)
                                                    dollars)
      Basic
       Basic                                                                3.55
                                                                              3.55          3.23
                                                                                              3.23      0.32
                                                                                                          0.32         9.9%
                                                                                                                         9.9%
      Diluted
       Diluted                                                              3.46
                                                                              3.46          3.13
                                                                                              3.13      0.33
                                                                                                          0.33        10.5%
                                                                                                                       10.5%
1 1
          Refer
           Refertoto
                   section
                     section
                           3.7.1.
                             3.7.1.
2 2
          Refer
           Refertoto
                   section
                     section
                           3.8.1.
                             3.8.1.




                                                                                                                          21
   Management's Discussion and Analysis




4. 4. Liquidity
   Liquidity


   4.1. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
   CGI’s growth is financed through a combination of our cash flow from operations, borrowing under our existing credit facilities,
   the issuance of long-term debt, and the issuance of equity. One of our financial priorities is to maintain an optimal level of
   liquidity through the active management of our assets and liabilities as well as our cash flows.

   As at September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents were $596.5 million. The following table provides a summary of the
   generation and use of cash for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.



       For the years ended September 30,                                                                         2016                 2015            Change
       In thousands of CAD
       Cash provided by operating activities                                                                1,333,074           1,289,310               43,764
       Cash used in investing activities                                                                     (382,731)           (257,127)            (125,604)
       Cash used in financing activities                                                                     (666,304)         (1,303,663)             637,359
       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                      7,228              41,027             (33,799)
       Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                   291,267            (230,453)             521,720


   4.1.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
   For the year ended September 30, 2016, cash provided by operating activities was $1,333.1 million or 12.5% of revenue as
   compared to $1,289.3 million or 12.5% from the prior year.

   The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities:


       For the years ended September 30,                                                                         2016                2015             Change
       In thousands of CAD
       Net earnings                                                                                         1,068,716             977,556               91,160
       Amortization and depreciation                                                                          400,060             424,044              (23,984)
       Other adjustments 1                                                                                    132,171               89,451              42,720
       Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash working
       capital items                                                                                        1,600,947           1,491,051              109,896
       Net change in non-cash working capital items:
          Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                         (134,632)             (25,517)           (109,115)
          Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, provisions and
          long-term liabilities                                                                              (115,853)            (204,169)             88,316
          Other 2                                                                                              (17,388)             27,945             (45,333)
       Net change in non-cash working capital items                                                          (267,873)            (201,741)            (66,132)
       Cash provided by operating activities                                                                1,333,074           1,289,310               43,764
   1
            Comprised of deferred income taxes, foreign exchange gain and share-based payment costs.
   2
            Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets related to operating activities, retirement benefits obligations, derivative
            financial instruments and income taxes.

   For the year ended September 30, 2016, the $267.9 million of net change in non-cash working capital items was mostly due
   to :
            • The increase in other receivables comprised mainly of tax credits receivable; and,

                •     The decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, provisions and long-term
                      liabilities mainly driven by the net decrease in provisions including the payments of the restructuring provision
                      and the timing of payroll accruals.

   The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




   22
                                                                                                          FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




4.1.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities
For the year ended September 30, 2016, $382.7 million were used in investing activities while $257.1 million were used in
the prior year.

The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from investing activities:


For the years ended September 30,                                                2016                 2015              Change
In thousands of CAD
Business acquisitions                                                         (38,442)                   —               (38,442)
Proceeds from sale of capital assets                                           10,254               15,255                (5,001)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                    (165,516)            (122,492)              (43,024)
Additions to contract costs                                                  (103,156)              (78,815)             (24,341)
Additions to intangible assets                                               (100,963)              (71,357)             (29,606)
Net proceeds from sale (purchase) of long-term investments                     14,928                (4,736)              19,664
Payments received from long-term receivables                                      164                 5,018               (4,854)
Cash used in investing activities                                            (382,731)            (257,127)             (125,604)


The increase of $125.6 million in cash used in investing activities during the year ended September 30, 2016 was mainly due
to :
         • The purchase of property, plant and equipment due to investments across our data center infrastructure operations
            and global delivery centers;

         •   Cash used in business acquisitions;

         •   Investments in intangible assets for the purchase of software licenses used mainly in the delivery of client contracts
             as well as investment in internal-use software; and,

         •   Cash used in contract costs for new clients.

This was partially offset by the net proceeds from the sale of long-term investments.




                                                                                                                             23
Management's Discussion and Analysis




4.1.3. Cash Used in Financing Activities
For the year ended September 30, 2016, $666.3 million were used in financing activities while $1,303.7 million were used in
the prior year.

The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from financing activities:


For the years ended September 30,                                                2016                 2015        Change
In thousands of CAD
Net change in long-term debt                                                  (182,651)         (901,566)         718,915
Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                 (24,057)         (121,615)          97,558
Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trust                    (21,795)          (11,099)          (10,696)
Repurchase of Class A subordinate voting shares                               (527,286)         (323,069)        (204,217)
Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                   89,485            53,686           35,799
Cash used in financing activities                                             (666,304)       (1,303,663)         637,359


For the year ended September 30, 2016, $182.7 million was used to reduce our outstanding long-term debt mainly driven by
the $129.7 million repayment under the term loan credit facility, while we made net repayments of $901.6 million to reduce
our long-term debt last year. During the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company used $24.1 million and
$121.6 million respectively to settle the cross-currency swaps related to the outstanding long-term debt repaid during these
periods.

For the year ended September 30, 2016, an amount of $21.8 million was used to purchase CGI Class A subordinate voting
shares in connection with the Company's Performance Share Unit Plan ("PSU Plan"), while for the comparable period last
year, an amount of $11.1 million was used. More information concerning the PSU Plan can be found in note 19 of the audited
consolidated financial statements.

For the year ended September 30, 2016, we used $517.8 million to repurchase 9,319,875 Class A subordinate voting shares
under the previous and current NCIB. We also used $9.5 million to pay and subsequently cancel 200,000 Class A subordinate
voting shares repurchased and held by the Company as at the end of fiscal 2015. For the year ended September 30, 2015,
$323.1 million was used to repurchase 6,725,735 Class A subordinate voting shares under the annual aggregate limit of the
NCIB then in effect.

Finally, for the year ended September 30, 2016, we received $89.5 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options,
compared to $53.7 million during the year ended September 30, 2015.

4.1.4. Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents
For the year ended September 30, 2016, the effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents was $7.2
million. This amount had no effect on net earnings as it was recorded in other comprehensive income.




24
                                                                                                                          FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




4.2. CAPITAL RESOURCES

    As at September 30, 2016                                                                          Total   Available          Outstanding
    In thousands of CAD
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           —      596,529                    —
    Long-term investments                                                                               —       27,246                    —
    Unsecured committed revolving facility a                                                      1,500,000   1,466,086               33,914
    Total                                                                                         1,500,000   2,089,861               33,914
a
    Consists of Letters of Credit for $33.9 million outstanding as at September 30, 2016.

Our cash position and bank lines are sufficient to support our growth strategy. At September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents
and long-term investments represented $623.8 million.

Cash equivalents typically include term deposits, all with maturities of 90 days or less. Long-term investments include corporate
and government bonds with maturities ranging from one to five years, rated "A" or higher.

The amount of capital available was $2,089.9 million. The long-term debt agreements contain covenants, which require us to
maintain certain financial ratios. As at September 30, 2016, CGI was in compliance with these covenants.

Total debt decreased by $216.1 million to $1,911.0 million as at September 30, 2016, compared to $2,127.1 million as at
September 30, 2015. The variation was mainly due to the $129.7 million repayment under the unsecured committed revolving
credit facility combined with other repayments.

As at September 30, 2016, CGI was showing a positive working capital1 of $425.0 million. The Company also had $1,466.1
million available under its unsecured committed revolving facility and is generating a significant level of cash that will allow it
to fund its operations while maintaining adequate levels of liquidity. On November 8, 2016, the unsecured committed revolving
facility was extended by two years to December 2021 and can be further extended. There were no material changes in the
terms and conditions including interest rates and banking covenants.

As at September 30, 2016, the cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries were $557.8 million ($263.6 million as
at September 30, 2015). The tax implications and impact related to its repatriation will not materially affect the Company's
liquidity.


1
            Working capital is defined as total current assets minus total current liabilities.




                                                                                                                                         25
Management's Discussion and Analysis




4.3. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
We are committed under the terms of contractual obligations which have various expiration dates, primarily for the rental of
premises, computer equipment used in outsourcing contracts and long-term service agreements. For the year ended
September 30, 2016, the Company decreased its commitments by $770.2 million mainly due to a decrease in rental office
space commitments and repayments of long-term debt.


Commitment type                                                                Less than 1    2nd and    4th and 5th      After 5
                                                                       Total          year   3rd years         years       years
In thousands of CAD
Long-term debt                                                     1,861,880      173,362     423,464       342,285      922,769
Estimated interest on long-term debt                                361,842        69,010     124,309        97,673       70,850
Finance lease obligations                                            42,172        18,738      17,183         5,489          762
Estimated interest on finance lease obligations                       2,033           978         878           171            6
Operating leases
  Rental of office space (excluding costs of services and taxes)    573,957       154,247     209,521       117,861       92,328
  Computer equipment                                                 15,562          7,941       6,350          976          295
  Automobiles                                                        97,775        39,256      49,072         9,111          336
Long-term service agreements and other                              189,676        85,825      93,446        10,092          313
Total contractual obligations                                      3,144,897      549,357     924,223       583,658    1,087,659

Our required benefit plan contributions have not been included in this table as such contributions depend on periodic actuarial
valuations for funding purposes. Our contributions to defined benefit plans are estimated at $19.2 million for fiscal 2017 as
described in note 16 of the audited consolidated financial statements.

4.4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
We use various financial instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and interest
rates. Please refer to notes 3 and 30 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on our financial
instruments.




26
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




4.5. SELECTED MEASURES OF LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES


As at September 30,                                                                                2016                 2015
In thousands of CAD except for percentages
Reconciliation between net debt and long-term debt including the current portion:
Net debt                                                                                       1,333,323            1,779,623
Add back:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     596,529              305,262
   Long-term investments                                                                          27,246               42,202
   Fair value of foreign currency derivative financial instruments related to debt               (46,123)                  —
Long-term debt including the current portion                                                   1,910,975            2,127,087

Net debt to capitalization ratio                                                                   15.8%                21.7%
Return on equity                                                                                   17.2%                17.7%
Return on invested capital                                                                         14.5%                14.5%
Days sales outstanding                                                                                44                   44


We use the net debt to capitalization ratio as an indication of our financial leverage in order to pursue large outsourcing
contracts, expand global delivery centers, or make acquisitions. The net debt to capitalization ratio decreased to 15.8% in
2016 from 21.7% in 2015. The change in the net debt to capitalization ratio was mostly due to our improved cash generation
allowing us to reduce our net debt by $446.3 million.

ROE is a measure of the return we are generating for our shareholders. ROE decreased to 17.2% in fiscal 2016 from 17.7%
in fiscal 2015. The change was mostly the result of an increase in average capital driven by accumulated earnings.

ROIC is a measure of the Company’s efficiency in allocating the capital under our control to profitable investments. The return
on invested capital was stable when compared to fiscal 2015 at 14.5%.

DSO of 44 days was stable when compared to fiscal 2015. In calculating the DSO, we subtract the deferred revenue balance
from trade accounts receivable and work in progress; for that reason, the timing of payments received from outsourcing clients
in advance of the work to be performed and the timing of payments related to project milestones can affect the DSO fluctuations.
We remain committed to manage our DSO within our 45 day target or less.


4.6. OFF-BALANCE SHEET FINANCING AND GUARANTEES

CGI engages in the practice of off-balance sheet financing in the normal course of operations for a variety of transactions
such as operating leases for office space, computer equipment and vehicles as well as accounts receivable factoring. From
time to time, we also enter into agreements to provide financial or performance assurances to third parties on the sale of
assets, business divestitures and guarantees on government and commercial contracts.

In connection with sales of assets and business divestitures, we may be required to pay counterparties for costs and losses
incurred as the result of breaches in our contractual obligations, representations and warranties, intellectual property right
infringement and litigation against counterparties, among others. While some of the agreements specify a maximum potential
exposure of approximately $10.8 million, others do not specify a maximum amount or limited period. It is not possible to
reasonably estimate the maximum amount that may have to be paid under such guarantees. The amounts are dependent
upon the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. The
Company does not expect to incur any potential payment in connection with these guarantees that could have a materially
adverse effect on its audited consolidated financial statements.

In the normal course of business, we may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and performance
bonds. In general, we would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if we refuse to perform the project once the bid is
awarded. We would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of default in the performance of our obligations. As
at September 30, 2016, we had committed a total of $30.9 million for these bonds. To the best of our knowledge, we complied
with our performance obligations under all service contracts for which there was a performance or bid bond, and the ultimate
liability, if any, incurred in connection with these guarantees would not have a materially adverse effect on our consolidated
results of operations or financial condition.


4.7. CAPABILITY TO DELIVER RESULTS

                                                                                                                           27
Sufficient capital resources and liquidity are required for supporting ongoing business operations and to execute our build and
buy growth strategy. The Company has sufficient capital resources coming from the cash generated from operations, credit
facilities, long-term debt agreements and invested capital from shareholders. Our principal uses of cash are for procuring new
Management's Discussion and Analysis
liability, if any, incurred in connection with these guarantees would not have a materially adverse effect on our consolidated
results of operations or financial condition.


4.7. CAPABILITY TO DELIVER RESULTS
Sufficient capital resources and liquidity are required for supporting ongoing business operations and to execute our build and
buy growth strategy. The Company has sufficient capital resources coming from the cash generated from operations, credit
facilities, long-term debt agreements and invested capital from shareholders. Our principal uses of cash are for procuring new
large outsourcing and managed services contracts; investing in our business solutions; pursuing accretive acquisitions; buying
back CGI shares and paying down debt. Funds are also used to expand our global delivery network as more and more of our
clients demand lower cost alternatives. In terms of financing, we are well positioned to continue executing our four-pillar growth
strategy in fiscal 2017.

Strong and experienced leadership is essential to successfully implement our Company's strategy. CGI has a strong leadership
team with members who are highly knowledgeable and have gained a significant amount of experience within the IT industry
via various career paths and leadership roles. CGI fosters leadership development to ensure a continuous flow of knowledge
and strength is maintained throughout the organization. As part of our succession planning in key positions, we established
the Leadership Institute, our own corporate university, to develop leadership, technical and managerial skills inspired by CGI’s
roots and traditions.

As a Company built on human capital, our professionals and their knowledge are critical to delivering quality service to our
clients. Our human resources program provides competitive compensation and benefits, a favourable working environment,
and our training and career development programs combine to allow us to attract and retain the best talent. Employee
satisfaction is monitored regularly through a Company-wide survey. Furthermore, approximately 52,000 of our members, are
also owners of CGI through our Share Purchase Plan. The Share Purchase Plan, along with the Profit Participation Program,
allows members to share in the success of the Company and aligns member objectives with our strategic goals.

In addition to our capital resources and the talent of our human capital, CGI has established a Management Foundation
encompassing governance policies, sophisticated management frameworks and an organizational model for its business units
and corporate processes. This foundation, along with our appropriate internal systems, helps in providing a disciplined high
standard of quality service to our clients across all of our operations, and additional value to our stakeholders. CGI’s operations
maintain appropriate certifications in accordance with service requirements such as the ISO and CMMI certification programs.




28
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




5.   5. Fourth
         FourthQuarter
                QuarterResults
                        Results


     5.1. FOREIGN EXCHANGE
     The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS, we
     value assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various exchange rates. We report all
     dollar amounts in Canadian dollars.

     Average foreign exchange rates


     For the three months ended September 30,                                                2016           2015         Change
     U.S. dollar                                                                           1.3054         1.3095           (0.3%)
     Euro                                                                                  1.4570         1.4565           0.0%
     Indian rupee                                                                          0.0195         0.0202           (3.5%)
     British pound                                                                         1.7135         2.0285          (15.5%)
     Swedish krona                                                                         0.1532         0.1544           (0.8%)
     Australian dollar                                                                     0.9901         0.9494           4.3%




                                                                                                                              29
Management's Discussion and Analysis




5.2. REVENUE VARIATION AND REVENUE BY SEGMENT
The following table provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment, separately
showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between the Q4 2016 and Q4 2015 periods. The Q4 2015
revenue by segment was recorded reflecting the actual average foreign exchange rates for that period. The foreign exchange
impact is the difference between the current period’s actual results and the current period’s results converted with the prior
year’s average foreign exchange rates.

                                                                                                               Change
For the three months ended September 30,                                 2016           2015             $               %
In thousands of CAD except for percentages
Total CGI revenue                                                    2,582,429      2,585,275         (2,846)           (0.1%)
Variation prior to foreign currency impact                               2.8%
Foreign currency impact                                                  (2.9%)
Variation over previous period                                           (0.1%)

U.S.
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                              725,638         752,231        (26,593)           (3.5%)
Foreign currency impact                                                 (4,146)
U.S. revenue                                                          721,492         752,231        (30,739)           (4.1%)

Nordics
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                              361,126         368,109         (6,983)           (1.9%)
Foreign currency impact                                                 (2,546)
Nordics revenue                                                       358,580         368,109         (9,529)           (2.6%)

Canada
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                              387,476         371,824         15,652            4.2%
Foreign currency impact                                                   (432)
Canada revenue                                                        387,044         371,824         15,220            4.1%

France
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                              342,165         314,234         27,931            8.9%
Foreign currency impact                                                   (493)
France revenue                                                        341,672         314,234         27,438            8.7%

U.K.
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                              406,207         355,095         51,112            14.4%
Foreign currency impact                                                (63,120)
U.K. revenue                                                          343,087         355,095        (12,008)           (3.4%)

ECS
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                              288,202         295,721         (7,519)           (2.5%)
Foreign currency impact                                                   185
ECS revenue                                                           288,387         295,721         (7,334)           (2.5%)

Asia Pacific
Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                              146,270         128,061         18,209            14.2%
Foreign currency impact                                                 (4,103)
Asia Pacific revenue                                                  142,167         128,061         14,106            11.0%

We ended the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 with revenue of $2,582.4 million, essentially stable when compared to the same
period of fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $71.8 million or 2.8%. Foreign currency rate
fluctuations unfavourably impacted our revenue by $74.7 million or 2.9%.




30
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




5.2.1. U.S.
Revenue in our U.S. segment was $721.5 million in Q4 2016, a decrease of $30.7 million or 4.1% compared to the same
period of fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $26.6 million or 3.5%. The change in revenue was
mostly due to the non-renewal of contracts in the U.S. government market, mainly in the defense sector, partly offset by an
increased volume of work within the U.S. federal civilian agencies.

For the current quarter, the top two U.S. vertical markets were government and financial services, which together accounted
for approximately 77% of its revenue.

5.2.2. Nordics
Revenue from our Nordics segment was $358.6 million in Q4 2016, a decrease of $9.5 million or 2.6% compared to the same
period of fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $7.0 million or 1.9%. The change in revenue is
mainly due to the expiration of certain infrastructure outsourcing contracts and an increased usage of our offshore delivery
centers in Asia Pacific. This was partly offset by an increased work volume within the MRD vertical market for both Sweden
and Denmark.

For the current quarter, the Nordics' top two vertical markets were MRD and government, which together accounted for
approximately 65% of its revenue.

5.2.3. Canada
Revenue in our Canada segment for Q4 2016 was $387.0 million, an increase of $15.2 million or 4.1% compared to the same
period of fiscal 2015. The increase of revenue was mostly due to an increase in financial services, including IP-based services
and solutions revenue, as well as new outsourcing contracts within the MRD vertical market. This was partly offset by the
expiration of certain infrastructure outsourcing contracts.

For the current quarter, Canada’s top two vertical markets were financial services and telecommunications & utilities, which
together accounted for approximately 60% of its revenue.

5.2.4. France
Revenue from our France segment was $341.7 million in Q4 2016 an increase of $27.4 million or 8.7% compared to the same
period of fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $27.9 million or 8.9%. The increase in revenue was
mostly due to an increase in work volume across the majority of its vertical markets and, to a lesser extent, a recent business
acquisition.

For the current quarter, France’s top two vertical markets were MRD and financial services, which together accounted for
approximately 63% of its revenue.

5.2.5. U.K.
Revenue from our U.K. segment was $343.1 million in Q4 2016, a decrease of $12.0 million or 3.4% compared to the same
period of fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $51.1 million or 14.4%. The increase in revenue
was mainly due to new outsourcing contracts in the government market combined with higher work volume in
telecommunications & utilities. In addition, revenue in Q4 2016 was favourably impacted by the sale of additional equipment.
The growth was partly offset by lower work volume with a client in the MRD vertical market.

For the current quarter, U.K.’s top two vertical markets were government and telecommunications & utilities, which together
accounted for approximately 73% of its revenue.




                                                                                                                          31
Management's Discussion and Analysis




5.2.6. ECS
Revenue from our ECS segment was $288.4 million in Q4 2016, a decrease of $7.3 million or 2.5% when compared to fiscal
2015. The change in revenue was mostly due to lower work volume and projects completed in the Netherlands, lower work
volume combined with the divesting of certain low margin contracts in Southern Europe and the wind-down of the majority of
our operations in South America. This was partly offset by an increased work volume in Germany mainly in MRD and
telecommunications & utilities vertical markets.

For the current quarter, ECS' top two vertical markets were MRD and telecommunications & utilities, which together accounted
for approximately 64% of its revenue.

5.2.7. Asia Pacific
Revenue from our Asia Pacific segment was $142.2 million in Q4 2016, an increase of $14.1 million or 11.0% compared to
the same period of fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $18.2 million or 14.2%. The increase in
revenue was due to the continued increased demand of our offshore delivery centers across our segments, as our clients
continue taking advantage of our global delivery network. This was partly offset by lower work volumes in Australia.

For the current quarter, Asia Pacific’s top two vertical markets were telecommunications & utilities and MRD, which together
accounted for approximately 69% of its revenue.




32
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




5.3. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT

                                                                                                              Change
For the three months ended September 30,                                 2016           2015           $                 %
In thousands of CAD except for percentages
U.S.                                                                   128,494       117,313         11,181             9.5%
  As a percentage of U.S. revenue                                       17.8%          15.6%

Nordics                                                                 43,784        30,176         13,608            45.1%
  As a percentage of Nordics revenue                                    12.2%           8.2%

Canada                                                                  94,136        77,450         16,686            21.5%
  As a percentage of Canada revenue                                     24.3%          20.8%

France                                                                  43,067        35,806          7,261            20.3%
  As a percentage of France revenue                                     12.6%          11.4%

U.K.                                                                    28,698        62,406         (33,708)          (54.0%)
  As a percentage of U.K. revenue                                         8.4%         17.6%

ECS                                                                     30,302        36,886          (6,584)          (17.8%)
  As a percentage of ECS revenue                                        10.5%          12.5%

Asia Pacific                                                            26,598        18,927          7,671            40.5%
  As a percentage of Asia Pacific revenue                               18.7%          14.8%

Adjusted EBIT                                                          395,079       378,964         16,115             4.3%
  Adjusted EBIT margin                                                  15.3%          14.7%

Adjusted EBIT for the quarter was $395.1 million an increase of $16.1 million or 4.3% from Q4 2015, while the margin improved
to 15.3% from 14.7%.

5.3.1. U.S.
Adjusted EBIT in the U.S. segment was $128.5 million for Q4 2016, an increase of $11.2 million year-over-year. Adjusted EBIT
margin increased to 17.8% from 15.6% when compared to Q4 2015 mostly due to additional research and development tax
credits and the decrease in amortization of client relationships related to the acquisition of Stanley, Inc.

5.3.2. Nordics
Adjusted EBIT in the Nordics segment was $43.8 million for Q4 2016, an increase of $13.6 million year-over-year, while
adjusted EBIT margin increased to 12.2% from 8.2% in Q4 2015. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin came mainly from
the ongoing cost synergies within our infrastructure business and the savings generated from the restructuring program.

5.3.3. Canada
Adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $94.1 million for Q4 2016, an increase of $16.7 million year-over-year while
adjusted EBIT margin increased to 24.3% from 20.8%. This increase was mostly the result of an improved mix of IP-based
services and solutions revenue related to license sales.

5.3.4. France
Adjusted EBIT in the France segment was $43.1 million for Q4 2016, an increase of $7.3 million year-over-year. Adjusted
EBIT margin improved to 12.6% from 11.4%. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mostly due to improved utilization
rates on a year-over-year basis.




                                                                                                                             33
Management's Discussion and Analysis




5.3.5. U.K.
Adjusted EBIT in the U.K. segment was $28.7 million for Q4 2016, a decrease of $33.7 million year-over-year. Adjusted EBIT
margin decreased to 8.4% from 17.6% due mostly to the positive impact of additional change orders on certain large contracts
in Q4 2015 and a provision taken on a client contract in Q4 2016.

5.3.6. ECS
Adjusted EBIT in the ECS segment was $30.3 million for Q4 2016, a decrease of $6.6 million year-over-year, while the margin
was 10.5% compared to 12.5% in Q4 2015. The change in margin was mostly due to the revenue impacts from the Netherlands
described in the revenue section.

5.3.7. Asia Pacific
Adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $26.6 million for Q4 2016, an increase of $7.7 million year-over-year, while
the margin increased to 18.7% from 14.8%. This was mainly due to productivity improvements across their global delivery
centers. In addition, during Q4 2015, adjusted EBIT margin was unfavourably impacted by of a provision on a contract in the
Middle East.




34
                                                                                                                          FISCAL 2016 RESULTS

5.4. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
The
5.4. following table sets
     NET EARNINGS         out EARNINGS
                        AND   the information
                                           PERsupporting
                                                SHARE the earnings per share calculations:
5.4.
5.4. NET
     NET EARNINGS
           EARNINGS AND AND EARNINGS
                              EARNINGS PER PER SHARE
                                                SHARE
The
The  following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:                                     Change
The following table sets out the information supporting the
     following table sets out the information supporting the earnings
                                                             earnings per
                                                                      per share
                                                                          share calculations:
                                                                                calculations:
For the three months ended September 30,                                                 2016              2015               $               %
                                                                                                                                  Change
In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data                                                                         Change
                                                                                                                                  Change
For the three months ended September 30,                                                2016              2015                $               %
For the three
    the
Adjusted
For      EBITmonths
        three months ended
                     ended September
                           September 30,
                                     30,                                                2016
                                                                                      395,079
                                                                                        2016              2015
                                                                                                        378,964
                                                                                                          2015                $
                                                                                                                           16,115
                                                                                                                              $               %
                                                                                                                                              4.3%
                                                                                                                                              %
In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
In thousands
Minus
In      the of  CAD
                CAD except
           following
   thousands of      items:for
                    except for percentage
                               percentage and
                                          and shares
                                              shares data
                                                     data
Adjusted EBIT                                                                         395,079           378,964            16,115            4.3%
Adjusted
Adjusted  EBIT
          EBIT costs
   Restructuring                                                                      395,079
                                                                                      395,079
                                                                                           —            378,964
                                                                                                        378,964
                                                                                                         35,903            16,115
                                                                                                                           16,115
                                                                                                                          (35,903)           4.3%
                                                                                                                                             4.3%
                                                                                                                                          (100.0%)
Minus the following items:
Minus
   Netthe
Minus the  following
                 costsitems:
           following
       finance        items:                                                           17,623            23,984            (6,361)         (26.5%)
   Restructuring costs                                                                      —            35,903           (35,903)        (100.0%)
   Restructuring
   Restructuring
Earnings           costs
           before costs
                    income taxes                                                            —
                                                                                            —
                                                                                      377,456            35,903
                                                                                                         35,903
                                                                                                        319,077           (35,903)
                                                                                                                          (35,903)
                                                                                                                           58,379         (100.0%)
                                                                                                                                          (100.0%)
                                                                                                                                            18.3%
   Net finance costs                                                                   17,623            23,984            (6,361)         (26.5%)
   Net finance
   Net
Income finance
        tax      costs
                 costs
            expense                                                                    17,623
                                                                                       17,623
                                                                                      103,021            23,984
                                                                                                         23,984
                                                                                                         86,188            (6,361)
                                                                                                                           (6,361)
                                                                                                                           16,833          (26.5%)
                                                                                                                                           (26.5%)
                                                                                                                                            19.5%
Earnings before income taxes                                                          377,456           319,077            58,379           18.3%
Earnings
Earnings   before
           before
   Effective        income
                    income taxes
              tax rate       taxes                                                    377,456
                                                                                      377,456
                                                                                        27.3%           319,077
                                                                                                        319,077
                                                                                                          27.0%            58,379
                                                                                                                           58,379           18.3%
                                                                                                                                            18.3%
Income tax expense                                                                    103,021            86,188            16,833           19.5%
Income tax
Income  tax expense
             expense                                                                  103,021
                                                                                      103,021            86,188
                                                                                                         86,188            16,833
                                                                                                                           16,833           19.5%
                                                                                                                                            19.5%
NetEffective
    earningstax rate                                                                    27.3%
                                                                                      274,435             27.0%
                                                                                                        232,889            41,546           17.8%
   Effective
   Effective tax
              tax rate
                  rate                                                                  27.3%
                                                                                        27.3%             27.0%
                                                                                                          27.0%
   Margin                                                                               10.6%              9.0%
Net earnings                                                                          274,435           232,889            41,546           17.8%
Net
Net earnings
    earnings                                                                          274,435
                                                                                      274,435           232,889
                                                                                                        232,889            41,546
                                                                                                                           41,546           17.8%
                                                                                                                                            17.8%
   Marginaverage number of shares
Weighted                                                                                10.6%              9.0%
   Margin
   Margin                                                                               10.6%
                                                                                        10.6%              9.0%
                                                                                                           9.0%

 Weighted
  Class      average number
         A average
            subordinate        of
                        voting of shares
                               shares and Class B multiple voting shares 303,203,548
 Weighted
 Weighted    average number
                     number    of shares
                                  shares                                              309,337,317                       (2.0%)
  (basic)
  Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares 303,203,548    309,337,317                       (2.0%)
  Class
  (basic)A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares 309,569,738
                                                                         303,203,548
                                                                         303,203,548  309,337,317
                                                                                      318,572,873
                                                                                      309,337,317                       (2.0%)
                                                                                                                        (2.8%)
                                                                                                                        (2.0%)
  (basic)
  (diluted)
  (basic)
  Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares 309,569,738    318,572,873                       (2.8%)
  Class
 Earnings
  Class  A
         A subordinate
  (diluted) per         voting
                share (in
            subordinate        shares
                               shares and
                          dollars)
                        voting        and Class
                                          Class B
                                                B multiple
                                                  multiple voting
                                                           voting shares
                                                                  shares 309,569,738  318,572,873                       (2.8%)
  (diluted)                                                              309,569,738  318,572,873                       (2.8%)
  (diluted)
  Basic EPS                                                                    0.91          0.75          0.16         21.3%
 Earnings per share (in dollars)
 Earnings
 Earnings   per
            per share
  Diluted EPS   share (in
                      (in dollars)
                          dollars)                                             0.89          0.73          0.16         21.9%
  Basic EPS                                                                    0.91          0.75          0.16         21.3%
  Basic
  Basic EPS
         EPS                                                                   0.91
                                                                               0.91          0.75
                                                                                             0.75          0.16
                                                                                                           0.16         21.3%
                                                                                                                        21.3%
  Diluted EPS                                                                  0.89          0.73          0.16         21.9%
  Diluted
ForDiluted EPS
     the EPS
          current quarter, the increase in earnings before income taxes mainly 0.89          0.73
                                                                               0.89 came from0.73          0.16         21.9%
                                                                                                                        21.9% as
                                                                                                           0.16adjusted EBIT
                                                                                               the increase in
described in section 5.3 of the present document. In addition, $35.9 million of restructuring costs were incurred in Q4 2015.
For
For  the current   quarter, the   increase in    earnings before    income taxes     mainly came        from the    increase in   adjusted EBIT      as
For the
     the current
         current quarter,
                   quarter, the
                             the increase
                                  increase in in earnings
                                                 earnings before
                                                           before income
                                                                    income taxes
                                                                              taxes mainly
                                                                                     mainly came
                                                                                               came fromfrom the
                                                                                                               the increase
                                                                                                                    increase inin adjusted
                                                                                                                                  adjusted EBITEBIT as
                                                                                                                                                     as
described
In Q4  2016,
described   in  section
               the income5.3 of
                             taxthe  present
                                 expense     wasdocument.
                                                   $103.0   In addition,
                                                           million, an     $35.9
                                                                         increase million
                                                                                   of      of
                                                                                       $16.8  restructuring
                                                                                               million          costs
                                                                                                         compared       were
                                                                                                                       to     incurred
                                                                                                                          $86.2  million in
                                                                                                                                          in Q4
                                                                                                                                             Q4  2015.
                                                                                                                                                 2015,
described inin section
                section 5.3
                         5.3 of
                             of the
                                the present
                                     present document.
                                                document. InIn addition,
                                                               addition, $35.9
                                                                           $35.9 million
                                                                                  million of
                                                                                           of restructuring
                                                                                              restructuring costs
                                                                                                                costs were
                                                                                                                        were incurred
                                                                                                                              incurred inin Q4
                                                                                                                                             Q4 2015.
                                                                                                                                                 2015.
while our effective income tax rate increased from 27.0% to 27.3%. The increase in income tax rate was mainly attributable
In
In Q4 2016,    the income    tax expense     was   $103.0 million,  an   increase  of $16.8    million compared        to $86.2  million in  Q4 2015,
   the 2016,
In Q4
to Q4  2016,
       decreasethe income
               the in  U.K tax
                      come   tax expense
                                 expense
                           earnings    where was
                                             wasthe$103.0
                                                   $103.0
                                                    enactedmillion,
                                                           million, an
                                                                    an is
                                                              tax rate   increase                        compared to
                                                                                               million compared
                                                                                       $16.8 million
                                                                                   of $16.8
                                                                           lower. of
                                                                         increase                                                million in
                                                                                                                          $86.2 million
                                                                                                                       to $86.2              Q4 2015,
                                                                                                                                          in Q4  2015,
while
while  our effective   income   tax  rate increased   from   27.0%   to  27.3%.  The    increase   in  income     tax  rate was  mainly    attributable
while our
       our effective
           effective income
                       income tax
                                tax rate
                                     rate increased
                                          increased from
                                                      from 27.0%
                                                             27.0% toto 27.3%.
                                                                         27.3%. The
                                                                                 The increase
                                                                                        increase inin income
                                                                                                       income tax tax rate
                                                                                                                       rate was
                                                                                                                            was mainly
                                                                                                                                 mainly attributable
                                                                                                                                           attributable
to
Net
to the decrease
     earnings      in U.K
                 were      earnings
                       $274.4          where
                                million, an the     enacted
                                             increase         tax rate
                                                        of $41.5        is lower.
                                                                  million   compared to $232.9 million last year.
to the
   the decrease
       decrease in in U.K
                       U.K earnings
                           earnings where
                                       where thethe enacted
                                                    enacted tax
                                                              tax rate
                                                                  rate is
                                                                        is lower.
                                                                           lower.
Net
The
Net  earnings
     table             $274.4shows
                 were $274.4
           in section   5.4.1   million, anquarterly
                                       the   increase of   $41.5  millioncomparison
                                                      year-over-year        compared of  to the
                                                                                            $232.9
                                                                                                tax rate   withlast
                                                                                                      million    theyear.
                                                                                                                      impact of restructuring costs
Net earnings
     earnings were
                 were $274.4 million,
                                million, an
                                         an increase
                                             increase ofof $41.5
                                                           $41.5 million
                                                                  million compared
                                                                            compared to  to $232.9
                                                                                            $232.9 million
                                                                                                      million last
                                                                                                               last year.
                                                                                                                     year.
removed.
The
The  table in section 5.4.1    shows the    quarterly year-over-year      comparison of     the tax  rate with   the impact   of restructuring    costs
The table
     table in
           in section
              section 5.4.1
                        5.4.1 shows
                               shows the
                                       the quarterly
                                            quarterly year-over-year
                                                      year-over-year comparison
                                                                          comparison of  of the
                                                                                            the tax
                                                                                                tax rate
                                                                                                     rate with
                                                                                                           with the
                                                                                                                 the impact
                                                                                                                      impact of
                                                                                                                              of restructuring
                                                                                                                                 restructuring costs
                                                                                                                                                  costs
removed.
During
removed.the  quarter,   no Class   A subordinate    voting  shares   were   repurchased      while  924,816     stock   options were   exercised.
removed.
During
During  the quarter,    no Class   A subordinate    voting shares    were repurchased        while 924,816      stock options   were exercised.
During the
        the quarter,
             quarter, nono Class
                           Class A A subordinate
                                     subordinate voting
                                                    voting shares
                                                            shares were
                                                                     were repurchased
                                                                            repurchased whilewhile 924,816
                                                                                                    924,816 stock
                                                                                                                stock options
                                                                                                                        options were
                                                                                                                                were exercised.
                                                                                                                                       exercised.




                                                                                                                                                  35
Management's Discussion and Analysis



5.4.1. Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Excluding Specific Items
5.4.1. Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Excluding Specific Items
Below is a table showing the year-over-year comparison excluding specific items namely, restructuring costs :
Below is a table showing the year-over-year comparison excluding specific items namely, restructuring costs :
                                                                                                                Change
                                                                                                                Change
For the three months ended September 30,                                       2016          2015       $                %
For the three months ended September 30,                                       2016          2015       $                %
In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
Earnings before income taxes                                                377,456       319,077    58,379              18.3%
Earnings before income taxes                                                377,456       319,077    58,379              18.3%
Add back:
Add back:
   Restructuring costs                                                           —         35,903    (35,903)       (100.0%)
   Restructuring costs                                                           —         35,903    (35,903)       (100.0%)
Earnings before income taxes excluding specific items                       377,456       354,980     22,476           6.3%
Earnings before income taxes excluding specific items                       377,456       354,980     22,476           6.3%
Income tax expense                                                          103,021        86,188    16,833              19.5%
Income tax expense                                                          103,021        86,188    16,833              19.5%
Add back:
Add back:
   Tax deduction on restructuring                                                 —         8,352     (8,352)       (100.0%)
   Tax deduction on restructuring                                                 —         8,352     (8,352)       (100.0%)
Income tax expense excluding specific items                                 103,021        94,540      8,481           9.0%
Income tax expense excluding specific items                                 103,021        94,540      8,481           9.0%
   Effective tax rate excluding specific items                                27.3%         26.6%
   Effective tax rate excluding specific items                                27.3%         26.6%

Net earnings excluding specific items                                       274,435       260,440    13,995              5.4%
Net earnings excluding specific items                                       274,435       260,440    13,995              5.4%
   Net earnings excluding specific items margin                               10.6%         10.1%
   Net earnings excluding specific items margin                               10.6%         10.1%
Weighted average number of shares outstanding
Weighted average number of shares outstanding
 Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares    303,203,548   309,337,317                       (2.0%)
 (basic)A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares
 Class                                                                   303,203,548   309,337,317                       (2.0%)
 (basic)
 Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares    309,569,738   318,572,873                       (2.8%)
 Class  A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares
 (diluted)                                                               309,569,738   318,572,873                       (2.8%)
 (diluted)
Earnings per share excluding specific items (in dollars)
Earnings per share excluding specific items (in dollars)
  Basic EPS                                                                     0.91          0.84      0.07             8.3%
  Basic EPS                                                                     0.91          0.84      0.07             8.3%
  Diluted EPS                                                                   0.89          0.82      0.07             8.5%
  Diluted EPS                                                                   0.89          0.82      0.07             8.5%




36
                                                                                                                                   FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




 5.5. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
 As at September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents were $596.5 million. The following table provides a summary of the
 generation and use of cash and cash equivalents for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.



     For the three months ended September 30,                                                                     2016              2015           Change
     In thousands of CAD
     Cash provided by operating activities                                                                    401,806            451,310            (49,504)
     Cash used in investing activities                                                                        (101,300)          (79,339)           (21,961)
     Cash used in financing activities                                                                          (1,473)         (366,092)          364,619
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                       13,815            34,688            (20,873)
     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                312,848             40,567           272,281


 5.5.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
 For Q4 2016, cash provided by operating activities was $401.8 million compared to $451.3 million in Q4 2015, or 15.6% of
 revenue compared to 17.5% last year.
 The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities.


     For the three months ended September 30,                                                                      2016              2015           Change
     In thousands of CAD
     Net earnings                                                                                              274,435           232,889            41,546
     Amortization and depreciation                                                                               98,385          107,565            (9,180)
     Other adjustments 1                                                                                         41,896            18,247           23,649
     Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash working capital                         414,716           358,701            56,015
     items
     Net change in non-cash working capital items:
        Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                               49,524          104,019           (54,495)
        Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, provisions and                        (118,621)           (63,589)         (55,032)
        long-term liabilities
        Other 2                                                                                                  56,187            52,179            4,008
     Net change in non-cash working capital items                                                               (12,910)           92,609         (105,519)
     Cash provided by operating activities                                                                     401,806           451,310           (49,504)
 1
          Other adjustments are comprised of deferred income taxes, foreign exchange (gain) loss and share-based payment costs.
 2
          Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets related to operating activities, retirement benefits obligations, derivative
          financial instruments and income taxes.

 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the $12.9 million of net change in non-cash working capital items was mostly
 due to :
              •     The change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, provisions and long-term
                    liabilities , mainly driven by the reduction in vacation accruals, the timing of payments of sales and payroll taxes,
                    and payroll accruals.

This was partially offset by :

              •     The favourable change in accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue mainly due to a decrease
                    in our DSO from 45 days in Q3 2016 to 44 days in Q4 2016;

              •     The net decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets mostly due to the timing of payments of software license
                    maintenance and rent; and,

              •     The increase in income tax accruals.
The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




                                                                                                                                                          37
Management's Discussion and Analysis




5.5.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities
For Q4 2016,$101.3 million were used in investing activities while $79.3 million were used in the prior year.

The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from investing activities:


For the years ended September 30,                                               2016                  2015              Change
In thousands of CAD
Proceeds from sale of capital assets                                             980                    —                   980
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                     (41,578)             (32,474)               (9,104)
Additions to contract costs                                                   (29,327)             (27,603)               (1,724)
Additions to intangible assets                                                (28,802)             (20,704)               (8,098)
Net purchase of long-term investments                                          (2,573)                (220)               (2,353)
Payments received from long-term receivables                                       —                 1,662                (1,662)
Cash used in investing activities                                            (101,300)             (79,339)              (21,961)


The increase of $22.0 million in cash used in investing activities during Q4 2016 was mainly due to :


         •   The purchase of property, plant and equipment due to investments across our data center infrastructure operations
             and global delivery centers; and,

         •   Investments in intangible assets for the purchase of software licenses used mainly in the delivery of client contracts
             as well as investment in internal-used software.

5.5.3. Cash Used in Financing Activities


 For the three months ended September 30,                                        2016                 2015              Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Net change in long-term debt                                                  (16,718)            (120,772)            104,054
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                     —               (23,293)             23,293
 Repurchase of Class A subordinate voting shares                                    —              (229,041)            229,041
 Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                 15,245                 7,014                8,231
 Cash used in financing activities                                              (1,473)            (366,092)            364,619


During Q4 2016, $16.7 million was used to reduce our outstanding long-term debt while for the same period last year $120.8
million was used mainly driven by $121.9 million in repayments under the term loan credit facility.

During Q4 2016, we did not repurchase Class A subordinate voting shares under the NCIB. For the same period last year,
we used $229.0 million to repurchase 4,850,402 Class A subordinate voting shares under the NCIB.

In Q4 2016, we received $15.2 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options, compared to $7.0 million during the
same period last year.




38
                                                                                                              FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




6.   6. Eight
         EightQuarter
              QuarterSummary
                      Summary



     As at and for the three months       Sept. 30,   June 30,   Mar. 31,   Dec. 31,   Sept. 30,   June 30,    Mar. 31,   Dec. 31,
     ended,                                 2016        2016      2016       2015        2015        2015       2015       2014
     In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
     Growth
     Revenue                               2,582.4    2,667.1    2,750.0    2,683.7    2,585.3     2,559.4      2,601.2   2,541.3
     Year-over-year revenue growth         (0.1%)      4.2%       5.7%       5.6%        4.1%       (4.0%)      (3.8%)    (3.9%)
     Constant currency year-over-year
     revenue growth                         2.8%       0.6%       (1.0%)    (1.8%)      (3.1%)      (3.5%)      (3.5%)    (6.0%)
     Backlog                               20,893      20,614     20,705    21,505      20,711     19,697       20,000    20,175
     Bookings                               2,858      2,940      2,734      3,199      2,856       2,227       2,253      4,304
     Book-to-bill ratio                    110.7%     110.2%      99.4%     119.2%     110.5%       87.0%       86.6%     169.4%
     Book-to-bill ratio trailing twelve
     months                                109.8%     109.8%     104.1%     101.0%     113.2%      106.4%       107.4%    112.1%
     Profitability
     Adjusted EBIT                          395.1      390.5      390.6      384.1      379.0       371.2       363.1      344.0
       Adjusted EBIT margin                15.3%       14.6%      14.2%      14.3%      14.7%       14.5%       14.0%      13.5%
     Net earnings                           274.4      273.8      282.7      237.7      232.9       257.2       251.2      236.3
       Net earnings margin                 10.6%       10.3%      10.3%      8.9%        9.0%       10.1%        9.7%      9.3%
     Diluted EPS (in dollars)                0.89       0.89       0.90       0.75       0.73        0.80        0.78       0.74
     Net earnings excluding specific
     items                                  274.4      273.8      268.3      264.9      260.4       257.2       251.2      236.3
       Net earnings margin excluding
       specific items                      10.6%       10.3%      9.8%       9.9%       10.1%       10.1%        9.7%      9.3%
     Diluted EPS excluding specific
     items (in dollars)                     0.89        0.89       0.86       0.84       0.82        0.80        0.78       0.74
     Liquidity
     Cash provided by operating
     activities                             401.8      351.7      251.4      328.2      451.3       214.1       284.7      339.2
       As a % of revenue                   15.6%       13.2%      9.1%       12.2%      17.5%       8.4%        10.9%      13.3%
     Days sales outstanding                  44          45         41        44          44         46           41        42
     Capital structure
     Net debt                              1,333.3    1,648.7    1,926.7    1,573.7    1,779.6     1,791.4      1,869.8   1,924.5
     Net debt to capitalization ratio        15.8%      20.5%      23.8%      18.3%      21.7%       22.7%       24.4%      25.1%
     Return on equity                        17.2%      16.9%      16.9%      16.9%      17.7%       18.2%       18.4%      18.9%
     Return on invested capital              14.5%      14.4%      14.4%      14.5%      14.5%       14.8%       14.6%      14.7%
     Balance sheet
     Cash and cash equivalents, and
     short-term investments                 596.5      283.7      168.9      552.4      305.3       264.7       223.5      489.6
     Total assets                         11,693.3    11,434.0   11,417.9   12,130.3   11,787.3    11,190.4    10,985.8   11,171.9
     Long-term financial liabilities       1,765.4    1,764.5    1,928.5    1,822.1    1,896.4     1,765.8      2,067.7   2,451.5

     There are factors causing quarterly variances which may not be reflective of the Company’s future performance. First, there
     is seasonality in systems integration and consulting work, and the quarterly performance of these operations is impacted by
     occurrences such as vacations and the number of statutory holidays in any given quarter. Outsourcing contracts including
     BPS contracts are affected to a lesser extent by seasonality. Second, the workflow from some clients may fluctuate from
     quarter to quarter based on their business cycle and the seasonality of their own operations. Third, the savings that we
     generate for a client on a given outsourcing contract may temporarily reduce our revenue stream from this client, as these
     savings may not be immediately offset by additional work performed for this client.

     In general, cash flow from operating activities could vary significantly from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of
     monthly payments received from large clients, cash requirements associated with large acquisitions, outsourcing contracts




                                                                                                                                 39
Management's Discussion and Analysis




and projects, the timing of the reimbursements for various tax credits as well as profit sharing payments to members and the
timing of restructuring cost payments.

Foreign exchange fluctuations can also contribute to quarterly variances as our percentage of operations in foreign countries
evolves. The effect from these variances is primarily on our revenue and to a much lesser extent, on our margin as we benefit
from natural hedges.




40
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




7. 7. Changes
   Changes in in Accounting
             Accounting     Policies
                         Policies


   The audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2016 include all adjustments that CGI’s
   management considers necessary for the fair presentation of its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

   FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES
   The following standards have been issued but are not yet effective:

   IFRS 15 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers
   In May 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”, to specify how and when to recognize
   revenue as well as requiring the provision of more informative and relevant disclosures. The standard supersedes IAS 18,
   “Revenue”, IAS 11, “Construction Contracts”, and other revenue related Interpretations. The standard will be effective on
   October 1, 2018 for the Company, with earlier adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this
   standard on its consolidated financial statements.

   IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments
   In July 2014, the IASB amended IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments”, to bring together the classification and measurement,
   impairment and hedge accounting phases of the IASB's project to replace IAS 39, “Financial Instruments: Recognition and
   Measurement”. The standard supersedes all previous versions of IFRS 9 and will be effective on October 1, 2018 for the
   Company, with earlier adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated
   financial statements.

   IFRS 16 - Leases
   In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16, “Leases”, to set out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation
   and disclosure of leases for both parties to a lease contract. The standard supersedes IAS 17, "Leases", and other lease
   related Interpretations. The standard will be effective on October 1, 2019 for the Company with earlier adoption permitted only
   if IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” is also applied. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this
   standard on its consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                             41
     Management's Discussion and Analysis




8.   8. Critical
     Critical    Accounting
              Accounting    Estimates
                         Estimates


     The Company’s significant accounting policies are described in note 3 of the audited consolidated financial statements for the
     year ended September 30, 2016. Certain of these accounting policies, listed below, require management to make accounting
     estimates and judgment that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and equity and the accompanying disclosures
     at the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the
     reporting period. These accounting estimates are considered critical because they require management to make subjective
     and/or complex judgments that are inherently uncertain and because they could have a material impact on the presentation
     of our financial condition, changes in financial condition or results of operations.

                                                                           Consolidated
         Areas impacted by estimates                                                                     Consolidated statements of earnings
                                                                          balance sheets
                                                                                                                  Cost of services,     Income
                                                                                                    Revenue         selling and          taxes
                                                                                                                   administrative
         Revenue recognition 1

         Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts

         Goodwill impairment

         Income taxes

         Litigation and claims

     1
              Affects the balance sheet through accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue.

     Revenue recognition

     Multiple component arrangements
     If an arrangement involves the provision of multiple components, the total arrangement value is allocated to each separately
     identifiable component based on its relative selling price at the inception of the contract. At least on a yearly basis, the Company
     reviews its best estimate of the selling price which is established by using a reasonable range of prices for the various services
     and products offered by the Company based on local market information available. Information used in determining the range
     is mainly based on recent contracts signed and the economic environment. A change in the range could have a material impact
     on the allocation of total arrangement value, and therefore on the amount and timing of revenue recognition.

     System integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements

     Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements where the outcome of the
     arrangements can be estimated reliably is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over the service periods.
     The Company primarily uses labour costs or labour hours to measure the progress towards completion. Project managers
     monitor and re-evaluate project forecasts on a monthly basis. Forecasts are reviewed to consider factors such as: changes
     to the scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones and new complexities in the project delivery. Forecast can also
     be affected by market risks such as the availability and retention of qualified IT professionals and/or the ability of the
     subcontractors to perform their obligation within agreed upon budget and timeframes. To the extent that actual labour hours
     or labour costs could vary from estimates, adjustments to revenues following the review of the costs to complete on projects
     are reflected in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision occur. Whenever the total costs are forecasted to be
     higher than the total revenues, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts is accounted for as described below.




     42
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts

Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts may occur due to additional contract costs which were not foreseen at
inception of the contract. Projects and services are monitored by the project managers on a monthly basis. Some of the
indicators reviewed are: current financial results, delays in reaching milestones, new complexities in the project delivery and
third party deliverables and estimated costs.


In addition, CGI’s Engagement Assessment Services (“EAS”) team conducts a formal monthly health check assessment on
CGI’s project portfolio for all contracts that has a value above an established threshold. The reviews are based on a defined
set of risk dimensions and assessment categories that results in detailed reports containing actual delivery and current financial
status which are reviewed with the Executive management. Due to the variability of the indicators reviewed, and because the
estimates are based on many variables, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts are subject to change.

Goodwill impairment
The carrying value of goodwill is tested for impairment annually on September 30, or earlier if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. In order to determine if a goodwill impairment test is required, management
reviews different factors on a quarterly basis such as changes in technological or market environment, changes in assumptions
used to derive the weighted average cost of capital ("WACC") and actual financial performance compared to planned
performance.

The recoverable amount of each segment has been determined based on its value in use (“VIU”) calculation which includes
estimates about their future financial performance based on cash flows approved by management. However, factors such as
our ability to continue developing and expanding service offered to address emerging business demands and technology
trends, a lengthened sales cycle and our ability to hire and retain qualified IT professionals affect future cash flow, and actual
results might differ from future cash flows used in the goodwill impairment test. Key assumptions used in goodwill impairment
testing are presented in note 11 of audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.
Historically the Company has not recorded an impairment charge on goodwill. As at September 30, 2016, the fair value of
each segment represents between 180% and 350% of its carrying value.

Income taxes

Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
that taxable profit will be available for their utilization. The Company considers the analysis of forecast and future tax planning
strategies. Estimates of taxable profit are made based on the forecast by jurisdiction which are aligned with goodwill impairment
testing assumptions, on an undiscounted basis. In addition, management considers factors such as substantively enacted tax
rates, the history of the taxable profits and availability of tax strategies. Due to the uncertainty and the variability of the factors
mentioned above, deferred tax asset are subject to change. Management reviews its assumptions on a quarterly basis and
adjusts the deferred tax assets when appropriate.

The Company is subject to taxation in numerous jurisdictions and there are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate
tax determination is uncertain which occurs when there is uncertainty as to the meaning of the law, or to the applicability of
the law to a particular transaction or both. In those circumstances, the Company might review administrative practice, consult
tax authorities or advisors on the interpretation of tax legislation. When a tax position is uncertain, the Company recognizes
an income tax benefit or reduces an income tax liability only when it is probable that the tax benefit will be realized in the future
or that the income tax liability is no longer probable. The provision for uncertain tax position is made using the best estimate
of the amount expected to be paid based on qualitative assessment of all relevant factors and is subject to change. The review
of assumptions is done on a quarterly basis.

Litigation and claims
Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The accrued litigation and legal claim provisions are based on historical




                                                                                                                                 43
Management's Discussion and Analysis




experience, current trends and other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates
include the period in which the underlying cause of the claim occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome.
Management reviews assumptions and facts surrounding outstanding litigation and claims on a quarterly basis, involves
external counsel when necessary and adjusts the provision accordingly. The Company has to be compliant with applicable
law in many jurisdictions which increases the complexity of determining adequate provision following litigation review. Since
the outcome of such litigation and claims are not predictable, those provisions are subject to change. Adjustments to litigation
and claims provision are reflected in the period when the facts that give rise to an adjustment occur.




44
                                                                                                              FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




9.   9.  Integrity
     Integrity of of Disclosure
                  Disclosure



     Our management assumes the responsibility for the existence of appropriate information systems, procedures and controls
     to ensure that information used internally and disclosed externally is complete and reliable.

     CGI has a formal corporate disclosure policy whose goal is to raise awareness of the Company’s approach to disclosure
     among the members of the Board of Directors, senior management and employees.

     The Board of Directors has the responsibility under its charter and under the securities laws that govern CGI’s continuous
     disclosure obligations to oversee CGI's compliance with its continuous and timely disclosure obligations, as well as the integrity
     of the Company's internal controls and management information systems. The Board of Directors carries out this responsibility
     mainly through its Audit and Risk Management Committee.

     The Audit and Risk Management Committee of CGI is composed entirely of independent directors who meet the independence
     and experience requirements of National Instrument 52-110 adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators as well as
     those of the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The role and
     responsibilities of the Committee include: (a) reviewing all public disclosure documents containing audited or unaudited financial
     information concerning CGI; (b) identifying and examining the financial and operating risks to which the Company is exposed,
     reviewing the various policies and practices of the Company that are intended to manage those risks, and reporting on a
     regular basis to the Board of Directors concerning risk management; (c) reviewing and assessing the effectiveness of CGI’s
     accounting policies and practices concerning financial reporting; (d) reviewing and monitoring CGI’s internal control procedures,
     programs and policies and assessing their adequacy and effectiveness; (e) reviewing the adequacy of CGI’s internal audit
     resources including the mandate and objectives of the internal auditor; (f) recommending to the Board of Directors the
     appointment of the external auditor, asserting the external auditor’s independence, reviewing the terms of their engagement,
     conducting an annual auditor's performance assessment, and pursuing ongoing discussions with them; (g) reviewing all related
     party transactions in accordance with the rules of the NYSE and other applicable laws and regulations; (h) reviewing the audit
     procedures including the proposed scope of the external auditor's examinations; and (i) performing such other functions as
     are usually attributed to audit committees or as directed by the Board of Directors. In making its recommendation to the Board
     of Directors in relation to the annual appointment of the external auditor, the Audit and Risk Management Committee conducts
     an annual assessment of the external auditor's performance following the recommendations of the Chartered Professional
     Accountants of Canada. The formal assessment is concluded in advance of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and
     is conducted with the assistance of key CGI personnel.

     The Company evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting
     based on the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Commitee of Sponsoring
     Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO Framework), supervised by and with the participation of the Chief
     Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer as of September 30, 2016. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
     Officer concluded that, based on this evaluation, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over
     financial reporting were adequate and effective, at a reasonable level of assurance, to ensure that material information related
     to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries would be made known to them by others within those entities.




                                                                                                                                  45
   Management's Discussion and Analysis




10. 10.
    RiskRisk Environment
         Environment


   10.1. RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
   While we are confident about our long-term prospects, the following risks and uncertainties could affect our ability to achieve
   our strategic vision and objectives for growth and should be considered when evaluating our potential as an investment.

   10.1.1. Risks Related to the Market

   Economic risk
   The level of business activity of our clients, which is affected by economic conditions, has a bearing upon the results of our
   operations. We can neither predict the impact that current economic conditions will have on our future revenue, nor predict
   when economic conditions will show meaningful improvement. During an economic downturn, our clients and potential clients
   may cancel, reduce or defer existing contracts and delay entering into new engagements. In general, companies also decide
   to undertake fewer IT systems projects during difficult economic times, resulting in limited implementation of new technology
   and smaller engagements. Since there are fewer engagements in a downturn, competition usually increases and pricing for
   services may decline as competitors, particularly companies with significant financial resources, decrease rates to maintain
   or increase their market share in our industry and this may trigger pricing adjustments related to the benchmarking obligations
   within our contracts. Our revenue and profitability could be negatively impacted as a result of these factors.

   10.1.2. Risks Related to our Industry

   The competition for contracts
   CGI operates in a global marketplace in which competition among providers of IT services is vigorous. Some of our competitors
   possess greater financial, marketing, sales resources, and larger geographic scope in certain parts of the world than we do,
   which, in turn, provides them with additional leverage in the competition for contracts. In certain niche, regional or metropolitan
   markets, we face smaller competitors with specialized capabilities who may be able to provide competing services with greater
   economic efficiency. Some of our competitors have more significant operations than we do in lower cost countries that can
   serve as a platform from which to provide services worldwide on terms that may be more favourable. Increased competition
   among IT services firms often results in corresponding pressure on prices. There can be no assurance that we will succeed
   in providing competitively priced services at levels of service and quality that will enable us to maintain and grow our market
   share.

   We derive significant revenue from contracts awarded through competitive bidding processes, which require the Company to
   estimate accurately the resource and costs that will be required to service any contracts it is awarded, based on the client's
   bid specification and sometimes, in advance of the final determination of the full scope and design of the contract ("see Cost
   estimation risks"), and which limit the Company's ability to negotiate certain contractual terms and conditions. Risks related
   to competitive bidding processes also include the substantial cost and managerial time and effort spent by the Company to
   prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may or may not be awarded to the Company, as well as expenses and delays
   that may arise if the Company's competitors protest or challenge awards made to the Company pursuant to competitive bidding
   process.

   The availability and retention of qualified IT professionals
   There is strong demand for qualified individuals in the IT industry. Hiring and retaining a sufficient amount of individuals with
   the desired knowledge and skill set may be difficult. Therefore, it is important that we remain able to successfully attract and
   retain highly qualified professionals and establish an effective succession plan. If our comprehensive programs aimed at
   attracting and retaining qualified and dedicated professionals do not ensure that we have staff in sufficient numbers and with
   the appropriate training, expertise and suitable government security clearances required to serve the needs of our clients, we
   may have to rely on subcontractors or transfers of staff to fill resulting gaps. If our succession plan fails to identify those with
   potential or to develop these key individuals, we may lose key members and be required to recruit and train new resources.
   This might result in lost revenue or increased costs, thereby putting pressure on our net earnings.


   The ability to continue developing and expanding service offerings to address emerging business demands and technology
   trends
   The rapid pace of change in all aspects of IT and the continually declining costs of acquiring and maintaining IT infrastructure
   46
   mean that we must anticipate changes in our clients’ needs. To do so, we must adapt our services and our solutions so that
   we maintain and improve our competitive advantage and remain able to provide cost effective services and solutions. The
   market for the services and solutions we offer is extremely competitive and there can be no assurance that we will succeed
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2016 RESULTS
potential or to develop these key individuals, we may lose key members and be required to recruit and train new resources.
This might result in lost revenue or increased costs, thereby putting pressure on our net earnings.


The ability to continue developing and expanding service offerings to address emerging business demands and technology
trends
The rapid pace of change in all aspects of IT and the continually declining costs of acquiring and maintaining IT infrastructure
mean that we must anticipate changes in our clients’ needs. To do so, we must adapt our services and our solutions so that
we maintain and improve our competitive advantage and remain able to provide cost effective services and solutions. The
market for the services and solutions we offer is extremely competitive and there can be no assurance that we will succeed
in developing and adapting our business in a timely manner. If we do not keep pace, our ability to retain existing clients and
gain new business may be adversely affected. This may result in pressure on our revenue, net earnings and resulting cash
flows from operations.

Infringing on the intellectual property rights of others
Despite our efforts, the steps we take to ensure that our services and offerings do not infringe on the intellectual property
rights of third parties may not be adequate to prevent infringement and, as a result, claims may be asserted against us or our
clients. We enter into licensing agreements for the right to use intellectual property and may otherwise offer indemnities against
liability and damages arising from third-party claims of patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret infringement in respect of
our own intellectual property or software or other solutions developed for our clients. In some instances, the amount of these
indemnity claims could be greater than the revenue we receive from the client. Intellectual property claims or litigation could
be time-consuming and costly, harm our reputation, require us to enter into additional royalty or licensing arrangements, or
prevent us from providing some solutions or services. Any limitation on our ability to sell or use solutions or services that
incorporate software or technologies that are the subject of a claim could cause us to lose revenue-generating opportunities
or require us to incur additional expenses to modify solutions for future projects.

Benchmarking provisions within certain contracts
Some of our outsourcing contracts contain clauses allowing our clients to externally benchmark the pricing of agreed upon
services against those offered by other providers in a peer comparison group. The uniqueness of the client environment should
be factored in and, if results indicate a difference outside the agreed upon tolerance, we may be required to work with clients
to reset the pricing for their services. There can be no assurance that benchmarks will produce accurate or reliable data,
including pricing data. This may result in pressure on our revenue, net earnings and resulting cash flows from operations.

Protecting our intellectual property rights
Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary methodologies, processes, know-how, tools, techniques
and other intellectual property that we use to provide our services. CGI’s business solutions will generally benefit from available
copyright protection and, in some cases, patent protection. Although CGI takes reasonable steps to protect and enforce its
intellectual property rights, there is no assurance that such measures will be enforceable or adequate. The cost of enforcing
our rights can be substantial and, in certain cases, may prove to be uneconomic. In addition, the laws of some countries in
which we conduct business may offer only limited intellectual property rights protection. Despite our efforts, the steps taken
to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of intellectual
property, and we may not be able to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property, or take appropriate steps to enforce
our intellectual property rights.




                                                                                                                             47
Management's Discussion and Analysis




10.1.3. Risks Related to our Business

Risks associated with our growth strategy
CGI’s Build and Buy strategy is founded on four pillars of growth: first, organic growth through contract wins, renewals and
extensions in the areas of outsourcing and system integration; second, the pursuit of new large transformational outsourcing
contracts; third, acquisitions of smaller firms or niche players; and fourth, transformational acquisitions.

Our ability to have organic growth is affected by a number of factors outside of our control, including a lengthening of our sales
cycle for major outsourcing contracts.

Our ability to grow through niche and transformational acquisitions requires that we identify suitable acquisition targets and
that we correctly evaluate their potential as transactions that will meet our financial and operational objectives. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates and consummate additional acquisitions that meet
our economic thresholds, or that future acquisitions will be successfully integrated into our operations and yield the tangible
accretive value that had been expected.

If we are unable to implement our Build and Buy strategy, we will likely be unable to maintain our historic or expected growth
rates.

The variability of financial results

Our ability to maintain and increase our revenues is affected not only by our success in implementing our Build and Buy
strategy, but also by a number of other factors, including: our ability to introduce and deliver new services and business
solutions; a lengthened sales cycle; the cyclicality of purchases of technology services and products; the nature of a customer’s
business; and the structure of agreements with customers. These, and other factors, make it difficult to predict financial results
for any given period.

Business mix variations
The proportion of revenue that we generate from shorter-term systems integration and consulting projects, versus revenue
from long-term outsourcing contracts, will fluctuate at times, affected by acquisitions or other transactions. An increased
exposure to revenue from SI&C projects may result in greater quarterly revenue variations.

The financial and operational risks inherent in worldwide operations
We manage operations in numerous countries around the world including offshore delivery centers. The scope of our operations
subjects us to various issues that can negatively impact our operations: the fluctuations of currency (see foreign exchange
risk); the burden of complying with a wide variety of national and local laws (see regulatory risk); the differences in and
uncertainties arising from local business culture and practices; political, social and economic instability including the threats
of terrorism, civil unrest, war, natural disasters and pandemic illnesses. Any or all of these risks could impact our global business
operations and cause our profitability to decline.

Organizational challenges associated with our size
Our culture, standards, core values, internal controls and our policies need to be instilled across newly acquired businesses
as well as maintained within our existing operations. To effectively communicate and manage these standards throughout a
large global organization is both challenging and time consuming. Newly acquired businesses may be resistant to change
and may remain attached to past methods, standards and practices which may compromise our business agility in pursuing
opportunities. Cultural differences in various countries may also present barriers to introducing new ideas or aligning our vision
and strategy with the rest of the organization. If we cannot overcome these obstacles in maintaining a strategic bond throughout
the Company worldwide, we may not be able to achieve our growth and profitability objectives.

Taxes and tax credit programs

In estimating our income tax payable, management uses accounting principles to determine income tax positions that are
likely to be sustained by applicable tax authorities. However, there is no assurance that our tax benefits or tax liability will not
materially differ from our estimates or expectations. The tax legislation, regulation and interpretation that apply to our operations
are continually changing. In addition, future tax benefits and liabilities are dependent on factors that are inherently uncertain




48
                                                                                                          FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




and subject to change, including future earnings, future tax rates, and anticipated business mix in the various jurisdictions in
which we operate. Moreover, our tax returns are continually subject to review by applicable tax authorities; it is these tax
authorities that will make the final determination of the actual amounts of taxes payable or receivable, of any future tax benefits
or liabilities and of income tax expense that we may ultimately recognize. Any of the above factors could have a material
adverse effect on our net income or cash flows by affecting our operations and profitability, the availability of tax credits, the
cost of the services we provide, and the availability of deductions for operating losses as we develop our international service
delivery capabilities.

We benefit from government sponsored programs designed to support research and development and labour and economic
growth in jurisdictions where we operate. Government programs reflect government policy and depend on various political
and economic factors.There can be no assurance that such government programs will continue to be available to the Company
in the future, or will not be reduced, amended or eliminated. Any future government program reductions or eliminations or
other amendments to the tax credit programs could increase operating or capital expenditures incurred by the Company and
have a material adverse effect on its net earnings or cash flows.

Credit risk with respect to accounts receivable and work in progress
In order to sustain our net earnings and cash flows from operations, we must invoice and collect the amounts owed to us in
an efficient and timely manner. Although we maintain provisions to account for anticipated shortfalls in amounts collected, the
provisions we take are based on management estimates and on our assessment of our clients’ creditworthiness which may
prove to be inadequate in the light of actual results. To the extent that we fail to perform our services in accordance with our
contracts and our clients’ reasonable expectations, and to the extent that we fail to invoice clients for our services correctly
in a timely manner, our collections could suffer resulting in a direct and adverse effect to our revenue, net earnings and cash
flows. In addition, a prolonged economic downturn may cause clients to curtail or defer projects, impair their ability to pay for
services already provided, and ultimately cause them to default on existing contracts, in each case, causing a shortfall in
revenue and impairing our future prospects.

Material developments regarding major commercial clients resulting from such causes as changes in financial condition,
mergers or business acquisitions
Consolidation among our clients resulting from mergers and acquisitions may result in loss or reduction of business when the
successor business’ IT needs are served by another service provider or are provided by the successor Company’s own
personnel. Growth in a client’s IT needs resulting from acquisitions or operations may mean that we no longer have a sufficient
geographic scope or the critical mass to serve the client’s needs efficiently, resulting in the loss of the client’s business and
impairing our future prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the objectives of our growth strategy
in order to maintain and increase our geographic scope and critical mass in our targeted markets.

Early termination risk
If we should fail to deliver our services according to contractual agreements, some of our clients could elect to terminate
contracts before their agreed expiry date, which would result in a reduction of our earnings and cash flow and may impact the
value of our backlog. In addition, a number of our outsourcing contractual agreements have termination for convenience and
change of control clauses according to which a change in the client’s intentions or a change in control of CGI could lead to a
termination of these agreements. Early contract termination can also result from the exercise of a legal right or when
circumstances that are beyond our control or beyond the control of our client prevent the contract from continuing. In cases
of early termination, we may not be able to recover capitalized contract costs and we may not be able to eliminate ongoing
costs incurred to support the contract.
 Cost estimation risks
In order to generate acceptable margins, our pricing for services is dependent on our ability to accurately estimate the costs
and timing for completing projects or long-term outsourcing contracts. In addition, a significant portion of our project-oriented
contracts are performed on a fixed-price basis. Billing for fixed-price engagements is carried out in accordance with the contract
terms agreed upon with our client, and revenue is recognized based on the percentage of effort incurred to date in relation to
the total estimated efforts to be incurred over the duration of the respective contract. These estimates reflect our best judgment
regarding the efficiencies of our methodologies and professionals as we plan to apply them to the contracts in accordance




                                                                                                                             49
Management's Discussion and Analysis




with the CGI Client Partnership Management Framework ("CPMF"), a process framework that contains high standards of
contract management to be applied throughout the organization. If we fail to apply the CPMF correctly or if we are unsuccessful
in accurately estimating the time or resources required to fulfill our obligations under a contract, or if unexpected factors,
including those outside of our control, arise, there may be an impact on costs or the delivery schedule which could have an
adverse effect on our expected net earnings.

Risks related to teaming agreements and subcontracts
We derive revenues from contracts where we enter into teaming agreements with other providers. In some teaming agreements
we are the prime contractor whereas in others we act as a subcontractor. In both cases, we rely on our relationships with other
providers to generate business and we expect to do so in the foreseeable future. Where we act as prime contractor, if we fail
to maintain our relationships with other providers, we may have difficulty attracting suitable participants in our teaming
agreements. Similarly, where we act as subcontractor, if our relationships are impaired, other providers might reduce the work
they award to us, award that work to our competitors, or choose to offer the services directly to the client in order to compete
with our business. In either case, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be harmed.

Our partners’ ability to deliver on their commitments
Increasingly large and complex contracts may require that we rely on third party subcontractors including software and hardware
vendors to help us fulfill our commitments. Under such circumstances, our success depends on the ability of the third parties
to perform their obligations within agreed upon budgets and timeframes. If our partners fail to deliver, our ability to complete
the contract may be adversely affected, which may have an unfavourable impact on our profitability.

Guarantees risk
In the normal course of business, we enter into agreements that may provide for indemnification and guarantees to
counterparties in transactions such as consulting and outsourcing services, business divestitures, lease agreements and
financial obligations. These indemnification undertakings and guarantees may require us to compensate counterparties for
costs and losses incurred as a result of various events, including breaches of representations and warranties, intellectual
property right infringement, claims that may arise while providing services or as a result of litigation that may be suffered by
counterparties.

Risk related to human resources utilization rates
In order to maintain our net earnings, it is important that we maintain the appropriate availability of professional resources in
each of our geographies by having a high utilization rate while still being able to assign additional resources to new work.
Maintaining an efficient utilization rate requires us to forecast our need for professional resources accurately and to manage
recruitment activities, professional training programs, attrition rates and restructuring programs appropriately. To the extent
that we fail to do so, or to the extent that laws and regulations, particularly those in Europe, restrict our ability to do so, our
utilization rates may be reduced; thereby having an impact on our revenue and profitability. Conversely, we may find that we
do not have sufficient resources to deploy against new business opportunities in which case our ability to grow our revenue
would suffer.
 Client concentration risk
We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the services we provide to the U.S. federal government and its agencies,
and we expect that this will continue for the foreseeable future. In the event that a major U.S. federal government agency
were to limit, reduce, or eliminate the business it awards to us, we might be unable to recover the lost revenue with work from
other agencies or other clients, and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and
adversely affected. Although IFRS considers a national government and its agencies as a single client, our client base in the
U.S. government economic sector is in fact diversified with contracts from many different departments and agencies.

Government business risk
Changes in government spending policies or budget priorities could directly affect our financial performance. Among the factors
that could harm our government contracting business are the curtailment of governments’ use of consulting and IT services
firms; a significant decline in spending by governments in general, or by specific departments or agencies in particular; the
adoption of new legislation and/or actions affecting companies that provide services to governments; delays in the payment




50
                                                                                                          FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




of our invoices by government payment offices; and general economic and political conditions. These or other factors could
cause government agencies and departments to reduce their purchases under contracts, to exercise their right to terminate
contracts, to issue temporary stop work orders, or not to exercise options to renew contracts, any of which would cause us
to lose future revenue. Government spending reductions or budget cutbacks at these departments or agencies could materially
harm our continued performance under these contracts, or limit the awarding of additional contracts from these agencies.

Regulatory risk
Our global operations require us to be compliant with laws in many jurisdictions on matters such as: anti-corruption, trade
restrictions, immigration, taxation, securities regulation, antitrust, data privacy and labour relations, amongst others. Complying
with these diverse requirements worldwide is a challenge and consumes significant resources. Some of these laws may
impose conflicting requirements; we may face the absence in some jurisdictions of effective laws to protect our intellectual
property rights; there may be restrictions on the movement of cash and other assets; or restrictions on the import and export
of certain technologies; or restrictions on the repatriation of earnings and reduce our earnings, all of which may expose us to
penalties for non-compliance and harm our reputation.

Our business with the U.S. federal government and its agencies requires that we comply with complex laws and regulations
relating to government contracts. These laws relate to the integrity of the procurement process, impose disclosure requirements,
and address national security concerns, among other matters. For instance, we are routinely subject to audits by U.S.
government agencies with respect to compliance with these rules. If we fail to comply with these requirements we may incur
penalties and sanctions, including contract termination, suspension of payments, suspension or debarment from doing business
with the federal government, and fines.

Legal claims made against our work
We create, implement and maintain IT solutions that are often critical to the operations of our clients’ business. Our ability to
complete large projects as expected could be adversely affected by unanticipated delays, renegotiations, and changing client
requirements or project delays. Also, our solutions may suffer from defects that adversely affect their performance; they may
not meet our clients’ requirements or may fail to perform in accordance with applicable service levels. Such problems could
subject us to legal liability, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, and may
negatively affect our professional reputation. We typically use reasonable efforts to include provisions in our contracts which
are designed to limit our exposure to legal claims relating to our services and the applications we develop. We may not always
be able to include such provisions and, where we are successful, they may not protect us adequately or may not be enforceable
under some circumstances or under the laws of some jurisdictions.

Data Protection and infrastructure risks

Our business often requires that our clients’ applications and information, which may include their proprietary information and
personal information they manage, be processed and stored on our networks and systems, and in data centers that we
manage. We also process and store proprietary information relating to our business, and personal information relating to our
members. The Company faces risk inherent in protecting the security of such personal data. Digital information and equipment
are subject to loss, theft or destruction, and services that we provide may become temporarily unavailable as a result of those
risks, or upon an equipment or system malfunction. The causes of such failures include human error in the course of normal
operations (including from advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by our members), maintenance and upgrading activities,
as well as hacking, vandalism (including denial of service attacks and computer viruses), theft, and unauthorized access, as
well as power outages or surges, floods, fires, natural disasters and many other causes. The measures that we take to protect
against all information infrastructure risks, including both physical and logical controls on access to premises and information
may prove in some circumstances to be inadequate to prevent the improper disclosure, loss, theft, misappropriation of,
unauthorized access to, or destruction of information, or service interruptions. Such events may expose the Company to
financial loss arising from the costs of remediation and those arising from litigation (including under the laws that protect the
privacy of personal information), claims and damages, as well as expose the Company to government sanctions and damage
to our brand and reputation.




                                                                                                                             51
Management's Discussion and Analysis




Security and cybersecurity risks
In the current environment, there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity, including criminal hackers, hacktivists,
state sponsored organizations, industrial espionage, employee misconduct, and human or technological error. Our business
could be negatively impacted by these physical and cybersecurity threats, and could affect our future sales and financial
position or increase our costs and expenses. The risks to the Company include attempted breaches not only of our own
products, services and systems, but also those of our customers, contractors, business partners, vendors and other third
parties. We seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their occurrence or recurrence. We continue
to invest in and improve our threat protection, detection and mitigation policies, procedures and controls, and work with industry
and government on increased awareness and enhanced protections against cybersecurity threats. However, because of the
evolving nature and sophistication of these security threats, there can be no assurance that we can detect or prevent all of
these threats. As the cybersecurity landscape evolves, the Company may also find it necessary to make significant further
investments to protect data and infrastructure. Occurrence of any of these aforementioned security threats could expose the
Company, our customers or other third parties to potential liability, litigation, and regulatory action, as well as the loss of
customer confidence, loss of existing or potential customers, loss of sensitive government contracts, damage to brand and
reputation, and other financial loss.

Risk of harm to our reputation
CGI’s reputation as a capable and trustworthy service provider and long term business partner is key to our ability to compete
effectively in the market for IT services. The nature of our operations exposes us to the potential loss, unauthorized access
to, or destruction of our clients’ information, as well as temporary service interruptions. Depending on the nature of the
information or services, such events may have a negative impact on how the Company is perceived in the marketplace. Under
such circumstances, our ability to obtain new clients and retain existing clients could suffer with a resulting impact on our
revenue and net earnings.

Risks associated with the integration of new operations
The successful integration of new operations arising from our acquisition strategy or from large outsourcing contracts requires
that a substantial amount of management time and attention be focused on integration tasks. Management time that is devoted
to integration activities may detract from management’s normal operations focus with resulting pressure on the revenues and
earnings from our existing operations. In addition, we may face complex and potentially time-consuming challenges in
implementing the uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies across new operations to harmonize their activities
with those of our existing business units. Integration activities can result in unanticipated operational problems, expenses and
liabilities. If we are not successful in executing our integration strategies in a timely and cost-effective manner, we will have
difficulty achieving our growth and profitability objectives.

Internal controls risks
Due to the inherent limitations of internal controls including the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, there can only
be reasonable assurance that the Company’s internal controls will detect and prevent a misstatement. If the Company is
unable to design, implement, monitor and maintain effective internal controls throughout its different business environments,
the efficiency of our operations might suffer, resulting in a decline in revenue and profitability, and the accuracy of our financial
reporting could be impaired.

 Liquidity and funding risks
The Company’s future growth is contingent on the execution of its business strategy, which, in turn, is dependent on its ability
to grow the business organically as well as conclude business acquisitions. By its nature, our growth strategy requires us to
fund the investments required to be made using a mix of cash generated from our operations, money borrowed under our
existing or future credit agreements, and equity funding generated by the issuance of shares of our share capital to
counterparties in transactions, or to the general public. Our ability to raise the required funding depends on the capacity of
the capital markets to meet our financing needs in a timely fashion and on the basis of interest rates and share prices that
are reasonable in the context of profitability objectives. Increasing interest rates, volatility in our share price, and the capacity




52
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




of our current lenders to meet our liquidity requirements are all factors that may have an adverse effect on our access to the
funding we require. If we are unable to obtain the necessary funding, we may be unable to achieve our growth objectives.

Foreign exchange risk
The majority of our revenue and costs are denominated in currencies other than the Canadian dollar. Foreign exchange
fluctuations impact the results of our operations as they are reported in Canadian dollars. This risk is partially mitigated by a
natural hedge in matching our costs with revenue denominated in the same currency and through the use of derivatives in
our hedging strategy. As we continue our global expansion, natural hedges may begin to diminish and the use of hedging
contracts exposes us to the risk that financial institutions will fail to perform their obligations under our hedging instruments.
Other than the use of financial products to deliver on our hedging strategy, we do not trade derivative financial instruments.

Our functional and reporting currency is the Canadian dollar. As such, our American, European and Asian investments,
operations and assets are exposed to net change in currency exchange rates. Volatility in exchange rates could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of our operations.

10.2. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of its business.
Certain of these matters seek damages in significant amounts. Although the outcome of such matters is not predictable with
assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the disposition of any such current matter could reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or the ability to carry on any of its
business activities.




Transfer Agent
Computershare Investor Services Inc.
(800) 564-6253

Investor Relations
Lorne Gorber
Executive Vice-President, Global Communications & Investor Relations
Telephone: (514) 841-3355
lorne.gorber@cgi.com

1350 René-Lévesque Boulevard West
15th Floor
Montreal, Quebec
H3G 1T4
Canada




                                                                                                                             53
Consolidated Financial Statements




Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditors’
                 Auditors’ reports
                           Reports
                           reports

MANAGEMENT’S
MANAGEMENT’S STATEMENT
             STATEMENT OF
                       OF RESPONSIBILITY
                          RESPONSIBILITY FOR
                                         FOR FINANCIAL
                                             FINANCIAL REPORTING
                                                       REPORTING
The
  Themanagement
       managementof   ofCGI
                         CGIGroup
                              GroupInc.
                                     Inc.(“the
                                           (“theCompany”)
                                                Company”)isisresponsible
                                                              responsiblefor
                                                                          forthe
                                                                              thepreparation
                                                                                   preparationand
                                                                                               andintegrity
                                                                                                     integrityof
                                                                                                               ofthe
                                                                                                                  theconsolidated
                                                                                                                      consolidatedfinancial
                                                                                                                                       financial
statements
  statementsand
              andthe
                   theManagement’s
                       Management’sDiscussion
                                        Discussionand
                                                    andAnalysis
                                                        Analysis(“MD&A”).
                                                                  (“MD&A”).The
                                                                             Theconsolidated
                                                                                  consolidatedfinancial
                                                                                                financialstatements
                                                                                                           statementshave
                                                                                                                        havebeen
                                                                                                                               beenprepared
                                                                                                                                      prepared
inin accordance
      accordance with
                   with International
                         International Financial
                                       Financial Reporting
                                                  Reporting Standards
                                                              Standards and
                                                                         and necessarily
                                                                               necessarily include
                                                                                            include some
                                                                                                       some amounts
                                                                                                              amounts thatthat are
                                                                                                                                are based
                                                                                                                                     based onon
management’s
  management’s bestbest estimates
                         estimates and
                                    and judgement.
                                          judgement. Financial
                                                      Financial and
                                                                 and operating
                                                                      operating data
                                                                                 data elsewhere
                                                                                       elsewhere inin the
                                                                                                       the MD&A
                                                                                                           MD&Aare  are consistent
                                                                                                                         consistent with
                                                                                                                                      with that
                                                                                                                                            that
contained
  containedininthe
                theaccompanying
                    accompanyingconsolidated
                                    consolidatedfinancial
                                                   financialstatements.
                                                             statements.
To
 Tofulfill
     fulfillits
             itsresponsibility,
                 responsibility,management
                                  managementhas hasdeveloped,
                                                     developed,andandcontinues
                                                                       continuesto  tomaintain,
                                                                                       maintain,systems
                                                                                                   systemsof ofinternal
                                                                                                                internalcontrols
                                                                                                                          controlsreinforced
                                                                                                                                     reinforcedbybythe
                                                                                                                                                    the
Company’s
 Company’sstandards
                  standardsof  ofconduct
                                  conductand
                                          andethics,
                                               ethics,as
                                                       asset
                                                          setout
                                                              outininwritten
                                                                      writtenpolicies
                                                                              policiestotoensure
                                                                                            ensurethe
                                                                                                    thereliability
                                                                                                        reliabilityof
                                                                                                                    ofthe
                                                                                                                       thefinancial
                                                                                                                           financialinformation
                                                                                                                                      informationandand
to
 tosafeguard
    safeguardits    itsassets.
                        assets.The
                                TheCompany’s
                                    Company’sinternal
                                                 internalcontrol
                                                          controlover
                                                                  overfinancial
                                                                        financialreporting
                                                                                  reportingand andconsolidated
                                                                                                   consolidatedfinancial
                                                                                                                   financialstatements
                                                                                                                              statementsare aresubject
                                                                                                                                                subject
to
 toaudit
    auditby  bythe
                 theindependent
                       independentauditors,
                                     auditors,Ernst
                                               Ernst&&Young
                                                        YoungLLP,
                                                               LLP,whose
                                                                      whosereport
                                                                              reportfollows.
                                                                                      follows.They
                                                                                                 Theywere
                                                                                                       wereappointed
                                                                                                             appointedas  asindependent
                                                                                                                               independentauditors,
                                                                                                                                              auditors,
by
 byaavote
       voteof  ofthe
                  theCompany’s
                        Company’sshareholders,
                                    shareholders,totoconduct
                                                      conductananintegrated
                                                                   integratedaudit
                                                                                auditof
                                                                                      ofthe
                                                                                          theCompany’s
                                                                                              Company’sconsolidated
                                                                                                           consolidatedfinancial
                                                                                                                            financialstatements
                                                                                                                                       statementsandand
of
 ofthe
    theCompany’s
          Company’sinternal
                          internalcontrol
                                   controlover
                                           overfinancial
                                                financialreporting.
                                                          reporting.InInaddition,
                                                                          addition,the
                                                                                    theAudit
                                                                                         Auditand
                                                                                                andRisk
                                                                                                     RiskManagement
                                                                                                           ManagementCommittee
                                                                                                                            Committeeof   ofthe
                                                                                                                                             theBoard
                                                                                                                                                 Board
of
 ofDirectors
    Directorsreviews
                   reviewsthethedisclosure
                                 disclosureof
                                            offinancial
                                               financialinformation
                                                         informationandandoversees
                                                                             overseesthe thefunctioning
                                                                                              functioningofofthe
                                                                                                              theCompany’s
                                                                                                                   Company’sfinancial
                                                                                                                                  financialdisclosure
                                                                                                                                             disclosure
controls
 controlsand  andprocedures.
                    procedures.
Members
 Membersof ofthe
              theAudit
                  Auditand
                        andRisk
                             RiskManagement
                                  ManagementCommittee
                                                Committeeof  ofthe
                                                                theBoard
                                                                    BoardofofDirectors,
                                                                              Directors,all
                                                                                          allof
                                                                                              ofwhom
                                                                                                whomare areindependent
                                                                                                              independentof  ofthe
                                                                                                                                theCompany,
                                                                                                                                    Company,
meet
 meetregularly
       regularlywith
                withthe
                     theindependent
                          independentauditors
                                       auditorsand
                                                andwith
                                                    withmanagement
                                                          managementto   todiscuss
                                                                            discussinternal
                                                                                     internalcontrols
                                                                                               controlsininthe
                                                                                                            thefinancial
                                                                                                                 financialreporting
                                                                                                                           reportingprocess,
                                                                                                                                      process,
auditing
 auditingmatters
          mattersand
                   andfinancial
                       financialreporting
                                 reportingissues
                                           issuesand
                                                  andformulates
                                                       formulatesthetheappropriate
                                                                        appropriaterecommendations
                                                                                      recommendationsto      tothe
                                                                                                                theBoard
                                                                                                                     BoardofofDirectors.
                                                                                                                                Directors.The
                                                                                                                                           The
independent
 independent auditors
               auditors have
                         have unrestricted
                               unrestricted access
                                             access to
                                                     to the
                                                         the Audit
                                                             Audit and
                                                                    and Risk
                                                                          Risk Management
                                                                                Management Committee.
                                                                                                 Committee. The The consolidated
                                                                                                                      consolidated financial
                                                                                                                                      financial
statements
 statementsand
             andMD&A
                  MD&Ahavehavebeen
                               beenreviewed
                                     reviewedand
                                               andapproved
                                                   approvedby   bythe
                                                                   theBoard
                                                                       Boardof ofDirectors.
                                                                                 Directors.




George
 GeorgeD.Schindler
         D.Schindler                         François
                                              FrançoisBoulanger
                                                       Boulanger
President
 Presidentand
           andChief
               ChiefExecutive
                     ExecutiveOfficer
                               Officer       Executive
                                              ExecutiveVice-President
                                                        Vice-Presidentand
                                                                       andChief
                                                                           ChiefFinancial
                                                                                 FinancialOfficer
                                                                                           Officer
November
 November8,8,2016
              2016




54
                                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Management’s and Auditors’ reports
                           Reports

MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards

Management’s and Auditors’ reports
Board.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:

 - Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions
MANAGEMENT’S
 of the assets          STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING
               of the Company;
The management of CGI Group Inc. (“the Company”) is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial
   - Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial
statements and the Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
   statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and necessarily include some amounts that are based on
   Board, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the
management’s best estimates and judgement. Financial and operating data elsewhere in the MD&A are consistent with that
   directors of the Company; and,
contained in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
 To -fulfill
        Provide     reasonable assurance
             its responsibility,                regarding
                                   management has            prevention
                                                         developed,     andor timely   detection
                                                                              continues to          of systems
                                                                                              maintain,unauthorized    acquisition,
                                                                                                                   of internal         use or
                                                                                                                                 controls      disposition
                                                                                                                                           reinforced    by of
                                                                                                                                                            the
     the
 Company’sCompany’s
                  standardsassets
                                of that could
                                  conduct   andhave    a as
                                                  ethics, material   effect
                                                               set out  in on    the policies
                                                                            written  Company’s      consolidated
                                                                                               to ensure           financial
                                                                                                          the reliability     statements.
                                                                                                                          of the  financial information and
 to internal
All  safeguard      its assets.
                control   systemsThehave
                                     Company’s
                                          inherentinternal    control
                                                     limitations;       over financial
                                                                    therefore,           reporting
                                                                                  even where         and control
                                                                                                internal consolidated    financialreporting
                                                                                                                  over financial     statements   are subject
                                                                                                                                              is determined
 to  audit   by  the   independent    auditors,  Ernst    & Young     LLP,  whose    report  follows.  They   were  appointed
to be effective, it can provide only reasonable assurance. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods       as  independent    auditors,
                                                                                                                                                           are
 by   a vote   of the   Company’s    shareholders,     to conduct    an  integrated   audit  of the Company’s     consolidated
subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance     financial statements    and
 of  the  Company’s        internal control over
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   financial   reporting.    In addition,  the  Audit and   Risk  Management       Committee     of the  Board
 of Directors reviews the disclosure of financial information and oversees the functioning of the Company’s financial disclosure
As   of the and
 controls     end procedures.
                    of the Company’s 2016 fiscal year, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued
 Members
by              of the Audit
    the Committee              and Risk Organizations
                         of Sponsoring   Management Committee
                                                           of the Treadwayof theCommission
                                                                                  Board of Directors,    all of Framework).
                                                                                                (2013 COSO      whom are independent
                                                                                                                               Based on thisof the  Company,
                                                                                                                                                assessment,
 meet    regularly     with the independent    auditors    and  with  management       to discuss   internal  controls in
management has determined the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2016, was effective.the  financial  reporting   process,
 auditing matters and financial reporting issues and formulates the appropriate recommendations to the Board of Directors. The
The    effectiveness
 independent              of thehave
                     auditors    Company’s     internal
                                      unrestricted        controltoover
                                                       access             financial
                                                                     the Audit       reporting
                                                                                   and  Risk as at     September
                                                                                              Management             30, 2016,
                                                                                                                Committee.    The has been   audited by
                                                                                                                                      consolidated         the
                                                                                                                                                      financial
Company’s
 statements and  independent
                        MD&A have auditors,
                                      beenas    stated in
                                             reviewed       their
                                                          and      report by
                                                                approved    appearing    on of
                                                                                 the Board   page 3.
                                                                                                   56.
                                                                                                 Directors.




George
 GeorgeD.Schindler
         D.Schindler                           François
                                                FrançoisBoulanger
                                                         Boulanger
President
 Presidentand
           andChief
               ChiefExecutive
                     ExecutiveOfficer
                              Officer          Executive
                                                ExecutiveVice-President
                                                          Vice-Presidentand
                                                                         andChief
                                                                             ChiefFinancial
                                                                                   FinancialOfficer
                                                                                            Officer
November
 November8,8,2016
              2016




                                                                                                                                                        55
Consolidated Financial Statements




Management’s and Auditors’ reports
                           Reports

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON INTERNAL
CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Group Inc.
We have audited CGI Group Inc.’s (the “Company”) internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on
criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 COSO Framework) (“the COSO criteria”). The Company’s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
to the maintenance of records, that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September
30, 2016 based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the
year ended September 30, 2016, and our report dated November 8, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.




Ernst & Young LLP


Montréal, Canada
November 8, 2016

1. CPA auditor, CA, public accountancy permit No. A122227




56
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Management’s and Auditors’ reports
                           Reports

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Group Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of CGI Group Inc. (the “Company”), which comprise the
consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive
income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and a summary of significant
accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Management's responsibility for the consolidated financial statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, and for such internal
control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditors’ responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our
audits in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditors’ judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the
auditors consider internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, evaluating the appropriateness of
accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained in our audits is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinion.
Opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of CGI Group
Inc. as at September 30, 2016 and 2015, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board.
Other matter
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), CGI
Group Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the criteria established in Internal Control
– Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO
Framework) and our report dated November 8, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting.




Ernst & Young LLP


Montréal, Canada
November 8, 2016

1. CPA auditor, CA, public accountancy permit No. A122227




                                                                                                                                 57
Consolidated Financial Statements




Consolidated Statements of Earnings
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)




                                                                     2016        2015
                                                                        $           $
    Revenue                                                    10,683,264   10,287,096
    Operating expenses
     Costs of services, selling and administrative (Note 22)    9,120,929   8,819,055
     Restructuring costs (Note 12)                                 29,100      35,903
     Net finance costs (Note 24)                                   78,426      92,857
     Foreign exchange loss                                          2,024      10,733
                                                                9,230,479   8,958,548
    Earnings before income taxes                                1,452,785   1,328,548
    Income tax expense (Note 15)                                  384,069     350,992
    Net earnings                                                1,068,716     977,556
    Earnings per share (Note 20)
    Basic earnings per share                                         3.51        3.14
    Diluted earnings per share                                       3.42        3.04


   See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




58
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                              2016          2015
                                                                                                                 $             $
 Net earnings                                                                                            1,068,716       977,556
 Items that will be reclassified subsequently to net earnings (net of income taxes):
   Net unrealized (losses) gains on translating financial statements of foreign
    operations                                                                                            (274,283)      599,650
   Net gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments and on translating long-term debt designated
    as hedges of net investments in foreign operations                                                     18,446       (246,662)
   Net unrealized (losses) gains on cash flow hedges                                                       (18,297)       17,708
   Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale investments                                                      229           142
 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings (net of income taxes):
   Net remeasurement losses on defined benefit plans                                                       (20,193)       (1,236)
 Other comprehensive (losses) income                                                                      (294,098)      369,602
 Comprehensive income                                                                                     774,618      1,347,158


See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                                            59
Consolidated Financial Statements




Consolidated Balance Sheets
As at September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                           2016             2015
                                                                                               $               $
 Assets
 Current assets
    Cash and cash equivalents (Note 26)                                                 596,529          305,262
    Accounts receivable (Note 4)                                                      1,101,606        1,097,863
    Work in progress                                                                   935,496           873,099
    Current derivative financial instruments (Note 30)                                  22,226            26,567
    Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                           170,393          160,638
    Income taxes                                                                          7,876            5,702
 Total current assets before funds held for clients                                   2,834,126        2,469,131
    Funds held for clients (Note 5)                                                     369,530          496,397
 Total current assets                                                                 3,203,656        2,965,528
 Property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                                                439,293           473,109
 Contract costs (Note 7)                                                               211,018           189,235
 Intangible assets (Note 8)                                                            509,781           568,811
 Other long-term assets (Note 9)                                                        86,970            69,353
 Long-term financial assets (Note 10)                                                   129,383          122,820
 Deferred tax assets (Note 15)                                                          179,898          261,431
 Goodwill (Note 11)                                                                   6,933,333        7,136,983
                                                                                     11,693,332       11,787,270


 Liabilities
 Current liabilities
    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                          1,107,863        1,113,636
    Accrued compensation                                                               523,553           571,883
    Current derivative financial instruments (Note 30)                                   4,517            28,106
    Deferred revenue                                                                   390,367           416,329
    Income taxes                                                                       159,410           159,562
    Provisions (Note 12)                                                                34,924            94,398
    Current portion of long-term debt (Note 13)                                         192,036          230,906
 Total current liabilities before clients’ funds obligations                          2,412,670        2,614,820
    Clients’ funds obligations                                                          365,994          492,965
 Total current liabilities                                                            2,778,664        3,107,785
 Long-term provisions (Note 12)                                                          40,454           62,637
 Long-term debt (Note 13)                                                             1,718,939        1,896,181
 Other long-term liabilities (Note 14)                                                 244,307          277,223
 Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 30)                                   46,473              225
 Deferred tax liabilities (Note 15)                                                     183,579          170,987
 Retirement benefits obligations (Note 16)                                              216,308          190,063
                                                                                      5,228,724        5,705,101
 Equity
 Retained earnings                                                                    3,778,848        3,057,578
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (Note 17)                                       304,128          598,226
 Capital stock (Note 18)                                                              2,194,731        2,254,245
 Contributed surplus                                                                    186,901          172,120
                                                                                      6,464,608        6,082,169
                                                                                     11,693,332       11,787,270

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Approved by the Board


                                                               George D. Schindler      Serge Godin

                                                               Director                 Director


60
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                                                                 Accumulated
                                                                                       other
                                                                   Retained    comprehensive       Capital   Contributed       Total
                                                                   earnings          income         stock       surplus       equity
                                                                          $                $            $             $            $
 Balance as at September 30, 2015                                 3,057,578         598,226     2,254,245       172,120    6,082,169

 Net earnings                                                     1,068,716               —            —             —     1,068,716
 Other comprehensive loss                                                —          (294,098)          —             —      (294,098)
 Comprehensive income (loss)                                      1,068,716         (294,098)          —             —      774,618
 Share-based payment costs                                               —                —            —         38,299      38,299
 Income tax impact associated with stock options                         —                —            —         19,704      19,704
 Exercise of stock options (Note 18)                                     —                —      111,405        (21,972)     89,433
 Exercise of performance share units (“PSUs”) (Note 18)                  —                —       21,250        (21,250)          —
 Repurchase of Class A subordinate shares (Note 18)                (347,446)              —      (170,374)           —      (517,820)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate shares held in trust (Note 18)          —                —       (21,795)           —       (21,795)
 Balance as at September 30, 2016                                 3,778,848         304,128     2,194,731       186,901    6,464,608




                                                                                 Accumulated
                                                                                       other
                                                                   Retained    comprehensive       Capital   Contributed        Total
                                                                   earnings          income         stock       surplus        equity
                                                                          $                $            $             $            $
 Balance as at September 30, 2014                                 2,356,008         228,624     2,246,197       157,896    4,988,725

 Net earnings                                                      977,556               —             —             —       977,556
 Other comprehensive income                                             —           369,602            —             —       369,602
 Comprehensive income                                              977,556          369,602            —             —     1,347,158
 Share-based payment costs                                               —               —             —         30,414       30,414
 Income tax impact associated with stock options                         —                —            —          5,952        5,952
 Exercise of stock options (Note 18)                                     —                —       67,028        (13,474)     53,554
 Exercise of PSUs (Note 18)                                              —                —         8,668        (8,668)          —
 Repurchase of Class A subordinate shares (Note 18)                (275,986)              —       (56,549)           —      (332,535)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate shares held in trust (Note 18)          —                —       (11,099)           —       (11,099)
 Balance as at September 30, 2015                                 3,057,578         598,226     2,254,245       172,120    6,082,169


See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                                                61
Consolidated Financial Statements




Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                             2016          2015
                                                                                $             $
 Operating activities
 Net earnings                                                           1,068,716      977,556
 Adjustments for:
  Amortization and depreciation (Note 23)                                400,060       424,044
  Deferred income taxes (Note 15)                                         96,490        61,718
  Foreign exchange gain                                                    (2,618)      (2,681)
  Share-based payment costs                                                38,299       30,414
 Net change in non-cash working capital items (Note 26)                  (267,873)    (201,741)
 Cash provided by operating activities                                  1,333,074    1,289,310


 Investing activities
 Business acquisitions                                                    (38,442)           —
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                               (165,516)    (122,492)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                       10,254       12,910
 Additions to contract costs                                             (103,156)     (78,815)
 Additions to intangible assets                                          (100,963)     (71,357)
 Proceeds from sale of intangible assets                                       —         2,345
 Purchase of long-term investments                                        (14,701)     (14,995)
 Proceeds from sale of long-term investments                               29,629       10,259
 Payments received from long-term receivables                                 164        5,018
 Cash used in investing activities                                       (382,731)    (257,127)


 Financing activities
 Increase of long-term debt                                                40,508       62,506
 Repayment of long-term debt                                             (223,159)    (964,072)
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments (Note 30)                 (24,057)    (121,615)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate shares held in trust (Note 18)           (21,795)      (11,099)
 Repurchase of Class A subordinate shares (Note 18)                      (527,286)     (323,069)
 Issuance of Class A subordinate shares                                    89,485        53,686
 Cash used in financing activities                                       (666,304)   (1,303,663)
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents       7,228        41,027
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                    291,267       (230,453)
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                            305,262        535,715
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                  596,529        305,262


Supplementary cash flow information (Note 26).

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




62
                                                                                                              FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


1.     Description of business
CGI Group Inc. (the “Company”), directly or through its subsidiaries, manages information technology (“IT”) services as well as
business process services (“BPS”) to help clients effectively realize their strategies and create added value. The Company’s
services include the management of IT and business functions (“outsourcing”), systems integration and consulting, as well as
the sale of software solutions. The Company was incorporated under Part IA of the Companies Act (Québec) predecessor to the
Business Corporations Act (Québec) which came into force on February 14, 2011 and its shares are publicly traded. The executive
and registered office of the Company is situated at 1350 René-Lévesque Blvd. West, Montréal, Québec, Canada, H3G 1T4.


2.     Basis of preparation
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). The accounting policies were consistently applied
to all periods presented.
The Company’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were authorized for issue
by the Board of Directors on November 8, 2016.


3.     Summary of significant accounting policies
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated on consolidation.
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The Company controls an entity when it is exposed or has right, to variable
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the relevant activities
of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition and continue to be consolidated until the date control
over the subsidiaries ceases.

BASIS OF MEASUREMENT
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets and
liabilities, which have been measured at fair value as described below.

USE OF JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements and estimates that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, equity and the accompanying disclosures at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because the use of judgements and
estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ.
Significant judgements and estimates about the future and other major sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
period could have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the following within the next
financial year: deferred tax assets, revenue recognition, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts, goodwill impairment,
provisions for income tax uncertainties and litigation and claims.
The judgements, apart from those involving estimations, that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the
financial statements are:
Multiple component arrangements
Assessing whether the deliverables within an arrangement are separately identifiable components requires judgement by
management. A component is considered as separately identifiable if it has value to the client on a stand-alone basis. The
Company first reviews the contract clauses to evaluate if the deliverable is accepted separately by the client. Then, the Company
assesses if the deliverable could have been provided by another vendor and if it would have been possible for the client to decide
to not purchase the deliverable.




                                                                                                                                  63
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
USE OF JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against
which the losses can be utilized. Management judgement is required concerning uncertainties that exist with respect to the timing
of future taxable income required to recognize a deferred tax asset. The Company recognizes an income tax benefit only when
it is probable that the tax benefit will be realized in the future. In making this judgement, the Company assesses forecasts and
the availability of future tax planning strategies.
A description of estimations is included in the respective sections within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and
in Note 3, “Summary of significant accounting policies”.

REVENUE RECOGNITION, WORK IN PROGRESS AND DEFERRED REVENUE
The Company generates revenue principally through the provision of IT services and BPS as described in Note 1.
The Company provides services and products under arrangements that contain various pricing mechanisms. The Company
recognizes revenue when the following criteria are met: there is clear evidence that an arrangement exists, the amount of revenue
and related costs can be measured reliably, it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the Company, the stage of
completion can be measured reliably where services are delivered and the significant risks and rewards of ownership, including
effective control, are transferred to clients where products are sold. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration
received or receivable net of discounts, volume rebates and sales related taxes.
Some of the Company’s arrangements may include client acceptance clauses. Each clause is analyzed to determine whether
the earnings process is complete when the service is performed. Formal client sign-off is not always necessary to recognize
revenue provided that the Company objectively demonstrates that the criteria specified in the acceptance provisions are satisfied.
Some of the criteria reviewed include historical experience with similar types of arrangements, whether the acceptance provisions
are specific to the client or are included in all arrangements, the length of the acceptance term and historical experience with the
specific client.
Revenue from sales
                sales ofof third
                            thirdparty
                                  partyvendor
                                         vendorproducts,
                                                 products,such
                                                             suchasasoftware
                                                                      softwarelicenses,
                                                                                 licenses, hardware or or
                                                                                             hardware   services  is is
                                                                                                           services  recorded
                                                                                                                        recordedgross
                                                                                                                                   grosswhenwhen
the Company is is aa principal
                     principal totothe
                                    thetransaction
                                        transactionand
                                                     andisisrecorded
                                                             recordednet
                                                                       netofofcosts
                                                                                costswhen
                                                                                       when the Company
                                                                                              the Company  is is
                                                                                                              acting         agent
                                                                                                                         an an
                                                                                                                      as as
                                                                                                                 acting            between
                                                                                                                                agent   between
the client
    client and
           and vendor.
                vendor.Factors
                          Factorsgenerally
                                     generallyconsidered
                                                consideredtotodetermine
                                                                determine whether
                                                                            whether  thethe
                                                                                          Company  is ais a
                                                                                             Company     principal or an
                                                                                                             principal    agent
                                                                                                                        or an    are ifare
                                                                                                                               agent     theif the
Company, has the primary responsibility for    for providing
                                                   providing the
                                                              the product
                                                                  product or
                                                                           or service,
                                                                               service, adds
                                                                                         adds meaningful
                                                                                                meaningfulvalue
                                                                                                            valuetotothe
                                                                                                                      thevendor’s
                                                                                                                           vendor’sproduct
                                                                                                                                    productor   or
service, has discretion in supplier selection and assumes credit risks.


Relative selling price
The Company’s arrangements often include a mix of the services and products listed below. If an arrangement involves the
provision of multiple components, the total arrangement value is allocated to each separately identifiable component based on
its relative selling price. When estimating selling price of each component, the Company maximizes the use of observable prices
which are established using the Company’s prices for same or similar components. When observable prices are not available,
the Company estimates selling prices based on its best estimate. The best estimate of selling price is the price at which the
Company would normally expect to offer the services or products and is established by considering a number of internal and
external factors including, but not limited to, geographies, the Company’s pricing policies, internal costs and margins. The
appropriate revenue recognition method is applied for each separately identifiable component as described below.
Outsourcing
Revenue from outsourcing and BPS arrangements is generally recognized as the services are provided at the contractually stated
price, unless there is a better measure of performance or delivery.




64
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
REVENUE RECOGNITION, WORK IN PROGRESS AND DEFERRED REVENUE (CONTINUED)
Systems integration and consulting services
Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under time and material arrangements is recognized as the services
are rendered, and revenue under cost-based arrangements is recognized as reimbursable costs are incurred.
Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements where the outcome of the arrangements
can be estimated reliably is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over the service periods. The Company
primarily uses labour costs or labour hours to measure the progress towards completion. This method relies on estimates of total
expected labour costs or total expected labour hours to complete the service, which are compared to labour costs or labour hours
incurred to date, to arrive at an estimate of the percentage of revenue earned to date. Management regularly reviews underlying
estimates of total expected labour costs or hours. If the outcome of an arrangement cannot be estimated reliably, revenue is
recognized to the extent of arrangement costs incurred that are likely to be recoverable.
Revenue from benefits-funded arrangements is recognized only to the extent that it is probable that the benefit stream associated
with the transaction will generate amounts sufficient to fund the value on which revenue recognition is based.
Software licenses
Most of the Company’s software license arrangements include other services such as implementation, customization and
maintenance. For these types of arrangements, revenue from a software license is recognized upon delivery if it has been identified
as a separately identifiable component. Otherwise, it is combined with the implementation and customization services and is
accounted for as described in “Systems integration and consulting services” above. Revenue from maintenance services for
software licenses sold and implemented is recognized ratably over the term of the maintenance period.
Work in progress and deferred revenue
Amounts recognized as revenue in excess of billings are classified as work in progress. Amounts received in advance of the
performance of services or delivery of products are classified as deferred revenue.
Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts
Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts may occur due to additional contract costs which were not foreseen at inception
of the contract. Contract losses are measured at the amount by which the estimated total costs exceed the estimated total revenue
from the contract. The estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts are recognized in the period when it is determined that
a loss is probable. The expected loss is first applied to impair the related capitalized contract costs with the excess recorded in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities and in other long-term liabilities. Management regularly reviews arrangement profitability
and the underlying estimates.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents consist of unrestricted cash and short-term investments having an initial maturity of three months or
less.

FUNDS HELD FOR CLIENTS AND CLIENTS’ FUNDS OBLIGATIONS
In connection with the Company’s payroll, tax filing and claims services, the Company collects funds for payment of payroll, taxes
and claims, temporarily holds such funds until payment is due, remits the funds to the clients’ employees, appropriate tax authorities
or claim holders, and files federal and local tax returns and handles related regulatory correspondence and amendments. The
funds held for clients include cash and long-term bonds. The Company presents the funds held for clients and related obligations
separately. Funds held for clients are classified as current assets since, based upon management’s intentions, these funds are
held solely for the purpose of satisfying the clients’ funds obligations, which will be repaid within one year of the consolidated
balance sheets date.
Interest income earned and realized gains and losses on the disposal of bonds are recorded in revenue in the period that the
income is earned, since the collecting, holding and remitting of these funds are critical components of providing these services.




                                                                                                                                 65
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment (“PP&E”), including those under finance leases, are recorded at cost and are depreciated over
their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method.

Buildings                                                                                                                     10 to 40 years
Leasehold improvements                                                                               Lesser of the useful life or lease term
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                                              3 to 20 years
Computer equipment                                                                                                              3 to 5 years


LEASES
Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
Assets held under finance leases are initially recognized in PP&E at an amount equal to the fair value of the leased assets or, if
lower, the present value of minimum lease payments at the inception of the lease, and then depreciated over the economic useful
life of the asset or term of the lease, whichever is shorter. The capital element of future lease payments is included in the
consolidated balance sheets within long-term debt. Interest is charged to the consolidated statements of earnings so as to achieve
a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.
Lease payments under operating leases are charged to the consolidated statements of earnings on a straight-line basis over the
lease term. Operating lease incentives, typically for premises, are recognized as a reduction in the rental expense over the lease
term.

CONTRACT COSTS
Contract costs are mainly incurred when acquiring or implementing long-term outsourcing contracts. Contract costs are comprised
primarily of transition costs and incentives.

Transition costs
Transition costs consist mostly of costs associated with the
                                                           the installation
                                                                installation of
                                                                             of systems
                                                                                 systems and
                                                                                           and processes,
                                                                                               processes, as
                                                                                                          as well
                                                                                                             well as
                                                                                                                  as conversion
                                                                                                                     conversion ofof the
                                                                                                                                      the
client’s applications
         applications to
                       to the
                           theCompany’s
                               Company’splatforms
                                         platformsincurred
                                                    incurredafter
                                                             afterthe
                                                                    theaward
                                                                          award of of
                                                                                   outsourcing  and
                                                                                      outsourcing   BPS
                                                                                                  and   contracts.
                                                                                                      BPS          Transition
                                                                                                           contracts.          costs
                                                                                                                       Transition costs
are comprised essentially of labour costs, including compensation and related fringe benefits, as well as subcontractor costs.

Incentives
Occasionally, incentives are granted to clients upon the signing of outsourcing contracts. These incentives are granted in the form
of cash payments.

Pre-contract costs
Pre-contract costs associated with acquiring or implementing long-term outsourcing contracts are expensed as incurred except
where it is virtually certain that the contracts will be awarded and the costs are directly related to the acquisition of the contract.
For outsourcing contracts, the Company is virtually certain that a contract will be awarded when the Company is selected by the
client but the contract has not yet been signed.

Amortization of contract costs
Contract costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the period services are provided. Amortization of transition costs
and pre-contract costs, if any, is included in costs of services, selling and administrative and amortization of incentives is recorded
as a reduction of revenue.




66
                                                                                                                FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
CONTRACT COSTS (CONTINUED)
Impairment of contract costs
When a contract is not expected to be profitable, the expected loss is first applied to impair the related capitalized contract costs.
The excess of the expected loss over the capitalized contract costs is recorded as estimated losses on revenue-generating
contracts in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and in other long-term liabilities. If at a future date the contract returns to
profitability, the previously recognized impairment loss must be reversed. First the estimated losses on revenue-generating
contracts must be reversed, and if there is still additional projected profitability then any capitalized contract costs that were
impaired must be reversed. The reversal of the impairment loss is limited so that the carrying amount does not exceed its
recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of amortization, had no impairment
loss been recognized for the contract costs in prior years.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Intangible assets consist mainly of internal-use software, business solutions, software licenses and client relationships. Internal-
use software, business solutions and software licenses are recorded at cost. Business solutions developed internally and marketed
are capitalized when they meet specific capitalization criteria related to technical, market and financial feasibility. Internal-use
software developed internally is capitalized when it meets specific capitalization criteria related to technical and financial feasibility
and when the Company demonstrates its ability and intention to use it. Internal-use software, business solutions, software licenses
and client relationships acquired through business combinations are initially recorded at their fair value based on the present
value of expected future cash flows, which involve making estimates about the future cash flows and discount rates.
Amortization of intangible assets
The Company amortizes its intangible assets using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives:

Internal-use software                                                                                                        2 to 7 years
Business solutions                                                                                                          2 to 10 years
Software licenses                                                                                                            3 to 8 years
Client relationships and other                                                                                              2 to 10 years


IMPAIRMENT OF PP&E, INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL
Timing of impairment testing
The carrying values of PP&E, intangible assets and goodwill are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Company assesses at each reporting date whether any such events or
changes in circumstances exist. The carrying value of PP&E and intangible assets not available for use and goodwill is tested
for impairment annually as at September 30.
Impairment testing
If any indication of impairment exists or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Company estimates the
recoverable amount of the asset or cash-generating unit (“CGU”) to which the asset relates to determine the extent of any
impairment loss. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or CGU’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in
use (“VIU”) to the Company. The Company mainly uses the VIU. In assessing VIU, estimated future cash flows are discounted
to their present value using a discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
specific to the asset or CGU. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are taken into account,
if available. If the recoverable amount of an asset or a CGU is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount
is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the CGU or group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from
synergies of the related business combination. The group of CGUs that benefit from the synergies correspond to the Company’s
operating segments. For goodwill impairment testing purposes, the group of CGUs that represent the lowest level within the
Company at which management monitors goodwill is the operating segment level.




                                                                                                                                    67
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
IMPAIRMENT OF PP&E, INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
Impairment testing (continued)
The recoverable amount of each operating segment has been determined based on the VIU calculation which includes estimates
about their future financial performance based on cash flows approved by management covering a period of five years as the
Company generates revenue mainly through long-term contracts. Key assumptions used in the VIU calculations are the discount
rate applied and the long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows. In determining these assumptions, management has taken
into consideration the current economic environment and its resulting impact on expected growth and discount rates. The cash
flow projections reflect management’s expectations of the segment's operating performance and growth prospects in the operating
segment’s market. The discount rate applied to an operating segment is the weighted average cost of capital (“WACC”).
Management considers factors such as country risk premium, risk-free rate, size premium and cost of debt to derive the WACC.
Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods.
For impaired assets, other than goodwill, an assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that
previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the Company
estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change
in the assumptions used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized. The reversal
is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that
would have been determined, net of amortization, had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. Such
reversal is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.

LONG-TERM FINANCIAL ASSETS
Long-term investments presented in long-term financial assets are comprised of bonds which are classified as long-term based
on management’s intentions.

BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
The Company accounts for its business combinations using the acquisition method. Under this method the consideration
transferred is measured at fair value. Acquisition-related and integration costs associated with the business combination are
expensed as incurred. The Company recognizes goodwill as the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the net identifiable
tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition-date fair values. The fair value allocated to
tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on assumptions of management. These assumptions
include the future expected cash flows arising from the intangible assets identified as client relationships, business solutions, and
trademarks. The preliminary goodwill recognized is composed of the future economic value associated to acquired work force
and synergies with the Company’s operations which are primarily due to reduction of costs and new business opportunities. The
determination of fair value involves making estimates relating to acquired intangible assets, PP&E, litigation, provision for estimated
losses on revenue-generating contracts, other onerous contracts, tax and other contingency reserves. Estimates include the
forecasting of future cash flows and discount rates. Subsequent changes in fair values are adjusted against the cost of acquisition
if they qualify as measurement period adjustments. The measurement period is the period between the date of acquisition and
the date where all significant information necessary to determine the fair values is available, not to exceed 12 months. All other
subsequent changes are recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.

EARNINGS PER SHARE
Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
per share is determined using the treasury stock method to evaluate the dilutive effect of stock options and PSUs.

RESEARCH AND SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS
Research costs are charged to earnings in the period in which they are incurred, net of related tax credits. Software development
costs are charged to earnings in the year they are incurred, net of related tax credits, unless they meet specific capitalization
criteria related to technical, market and financial feasibility.




68
                                                                                                               FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
TAX CREDITS
The Company follows the income approach to account for tax credits, whereby investment tax credits are recorded when there
is a reasonable assurance that the assistance will be received and that the Company will comply with all relevant conditions.
Under this method, tax credits related to operating expenditures are recorded as a reduction of the related expense and recognized
in the period in which the related expenditures are charged to operations. Tax credits related to capital expenditures are recorded
as a reduction of the cost of the related asset. The tax credits recorded are based on management's best estimates of amounts
expected to be received and are subject to audit by the taxation authorities.

INCOME TAXES
Income taxes are accounted for using the liability method of accounting.
Current income taxes are recognized with respect to the amounts expected to be paid or recovered under the tax rates and laws
that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on deductible or taxable temporary differences between the
amounts reported for financial statement purposes and tax values of the assets and liabilities using enacted or substantively
enacted tax rates that will be in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are recognized in earnings, other comprehensive income or in equity based on the classification
of the item to which they relate.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against
which the losses can be utilized. Once this assessment is made, the Company considers the analysis of forecast and future tax
planning strategies. Such estimates are made based on the forecast by jurisdiction on an undiscounted basis. Management
considers factors such as expected taxable income or profit, the history of the taxable profits and availability of tax planning
strategies.
The Company is subject to taxation in numerous jurisdictions and there are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate
tax determination is uncertain. When a tax position is uncertain, the Company recognizes an income tax benefit or reduces an
income tax liability only when it is probable that the tax benefit will be realized in the future or that the income tax liability is no
longer probable. The provision for uncertain tax positions is made using the best estimate of the amount expected to be paid
based on qualitative assessment of all relevant factors such as experience of previous tax audits or interpretations of tax regulations.

PROVISIONS
Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate
can be made of the amount of the obligation. The Company’s provisions consist of liabilities for leases of premises that the
Company has vacated, litigation and claim provisions arising in the ordinary course of business and decommissioning liabilities
for operating leases of office buildings. The Company also records restructuring provisions related to business combinations and
termination of employment costs incurred as part of the Company's productivity improvement initiatives.
The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the
end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Provisions are discounted
using a current pre-tax rate when the impact of the time value of money is material. The increase in the provision due to the
passage of time is recognized as finance cost.
The Company accrues provisions for onerous leases which consist of estimated costs associated with vacated premises. The
provisions reflect the present value of lease payments in excess of the expected sublease proceeds on the remaining term of
the lease.
The accrued litigation and legal claim provisions are based on historical experience, current trends and other assumptions that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates include the period in which the underlying cause of the claim
occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome.




                                                                                                                                   69
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
PROVISIONS (CONTINUED)
Decommissioning liabilities pertain to operating leases of buildings where certain arrangements require premises to be returned
to their original state at the end of the lease term. The provision is determined using the present value of the estimated future
cash outflows.
Restructuring provisions, consisting of severances, are recognized when a detailed formal plan identifies the business or part of
the business concerned, the location and number of employees affected, a detailed estimate of the associated costs, appropriate
timelines and has been communicated to those affected by it.

TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN CURRENCIES
The Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is also the parent company’s functional
currency. Each entity in the Company determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of
each entity are measured using that functional currency. Functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment
in which the entity operates.
Foreign currency transactions and balances
Revenue, expenses and non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate of exchange
prevailing at the transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at exchange
rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Unrealized and realized translation gains and losses are reflected in the consolidated
statements of earnings.
Foreign operations
For foreign operations that have functional currencies different from the Company, assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign
currency are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average
exchange rates prevailing during the period. Resulting unrealized gains or losses on translating financial statements of foreign
operations are reported in other comprehensive income.
For foreign operations with the same functional currency as the Company, monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the
exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical exchange
rates. Revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period. Translation exchange gains or losses of
such operations are reflected in the consolidated statements of earnings.

SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
Equity-settled plans
The Company operates equity-settled stock option and PSU plans under which the Company receives services from employees,
officers and directors as consideration for equity instruments.
The fair value of those share-based payments is established on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for
the stock options and the closing price of Class A subordinate shares of the Company on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”)
for the PSUs. The number of stock options and PSUs expected to vest are estimated on the grant date and subsequently revised
on each reporting date. For stock options, the estimation of fair value requires making assumptions for the most appropriate
inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the option and expected stock price volatility. The fair values, adjusted
for expectations related to performance conditions and for expected forfeitures, are recognized as share-based payment costs
in earnings with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus on a graded-vesting basis over the vesting period.
When stock options are exercised, any consideration paid is credited to capital stock and the recorded fair value of the stock
option is removed from contributed surplus and credited to capital stock. When PSUs are exercised, the recorded fair value of
PSUs is removed from contributed surplus and credited to capital stock.
Share purchase plan
The Company operates a share purchase plan for eligible employees. Under this plan, the Company matches the contributions
made by employees up to a maximum percentage of the employee's salary. The Company contributions to the plan are recognized
in salaries and other member costs within costs of services, selling and administrative.



70
                                                                                                               FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
Cash-settled deferred share units
The Company operates a deferred share unit (“DSU”) plan to compensate the members of the Board of Directors. The expense
is recognized, within costs of services, selling and administrative, for each DSU granted equal to the closing price of Class A
subordinate shares of the Company on the TSX at the date on which DSUs are awarded and a corresponding liability is recorded
in accrued compensation. After the grant date, the DSU liability is remeasured for subsequent changes in the fair value of the
Company's shares.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
All financial instruments are initially measured at their fair values. Subsequently, financial assets classified as loans and receivables
and financial liabilities classified as other liabilities are measured at their amortized cost using the effective interest rate method.
Financial assets and liabilities classified as fair value through earnings (“FVTE”) and classified as available-for-sale are measured
subsequently at their fair values.
Financial instruments may be designated on initial recognition as FVTE if any of the following criteria are met: i) the financial
instrument contains one or more embedded derivatives that otherwise would have to be accounted for separately; ii) the designation
eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise from measuring the
financial asset or liability or recognizing the gains and losses on them on a different basis; or iii) the financial asset and financial
liability are part of a group of financial assets or liabilities that is managed and its performance evaluated on a fair value basis,
in accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy. Gains and losses related to periodic revaluations of
financial assets and liabilities designated as FVTE are recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings.
The unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable income taxes, on available-for-sale assets are reported in other comprehensive
income. Interest income earned and realized gains and losses on the sale of available-for-sale assets are recorded in the
consolidated statements of earnings.
Transaction costs are comprised primarily of legal, accounting and other costs directly attributable to the issuance of the respective
financial assets and liabilities. Transaction costs are capitalized to the cost of financial assets and liabilities classified as other
than FVTE.
Financial assets are derecognized if the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or the asset is transferred
and the transfer qualifies for derecognition. The transfer qualifies for derecognition if substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership of the financial asset are transferred.
The Company has made the following classifications:
FVTE
Cash and cash equivalents and derivative financial instruments (unless they qualify for hedge accounting). In addition, deferred
compensation plan assets within long-term financial assets were designated by management as FVTE upon initial recognition
as this reflected management’s investment strategy.
Loans and receivables
Trade accounts receivable, cash included in funds held for clients and long-term receivables within long-term financial assets.
Available-for-sale
Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients and in long-term investments within long-term financial assets.
Other liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, long-term debt and clients’ funds obligations.




                                                                                                                                    71
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.     Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
Fair value hierarchy
Fair value measurements recognized in the balance sheet are categorized in accordance with the following levels:
     Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
     Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, but that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
     or indirectly; and
     Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
The Company enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to interest rate and foreign currency
exchange risks. No derivative financial instruments are held or used for trading purposes.
Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value at the date the derivative contracts are entered into and are
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is recognized in the
consolidated statements of earnings unless the derivative is designated and is effective as a hedging instrument, in which event
the timing of the recognition in the consolidated statements of earnings depends on the nature of the hedge relationship.
At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which the
Company wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The
documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being
hedged and how the Company will assess the effectiveness of changes in the hedging instrument’s fair value in offsetting the
exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Such hedges are expected to
be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows and are assessed on an ongoing basis to determine
that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for which they were designated.
The cash flows of the hedging transactions are classified in the same manner as the cash flows of the position being hedged.
Derivative financial instruments used as hedging items are recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets under current
derivative financial instruments, long-term financial assets or long-term derivative financial instruments. Valuation models, such
as discounted cash flow analysis using observable market inputs, are utilized to determine the fair values of the derivative financial
instruments.

NET INVESTMENT HEDGES
Hedges on net investments in foreign operations
The Company uses cross-currency swaps and foreign currency denominated long-term debt to hedge portions of the Company’s
net investments in its U.S. and European operations. Foreign exchange translation gains or losses on the net investments and
the effective portions of gains or losses on instruments hedging the net investments are recorded in other comprehensive income.
To the extent that the hedge is ineffective, such differences are recognized in consolidated statements of earnings. When the
hedged net investment is disposed of, the relevant amount in other comprehensive income is transferred to earnings as part of
the gain or loss on disposal.

CASH FLOW HEDGES

Cash flow hedges on future revenue and long-term debt
The majority of the Company’s costs are denominated in currency other than the Canadian dollar. The risk of foreign exchange
fluctuation impacting the results is substantially mitigated by matching the Company’s costs with revenue denominated in the
same currency. In certain cases where there is a substantial imbalance for a specific currency, the Company enters into foreign
currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the foreign currency exchange rates.
The Company also uses interest rate and cross currency swaps to hedge either the cash flow exposure or the foreign exchange
exposure of the long-term debt.




72
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.       Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

CASH FLOW HEDGES (CONTINUED)
Those derivatives are documented as cash flow hedges and no component of the derivative contracts’ fair value are excluded
from the assessment and measurement of hedge effectiveness. The effective portion of the change in fair value of the derivative
financial instruments is recognized in other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion, if any, in the consolidated statements
of earnings. The effective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is reclassified out of other comprehensive income
into the consolidated statements of earnings when the hedged element is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.


FAIR VALUE HEDGES
Fair value hedges on Senior U.S. unsecured notes
The Company entered into interest rate swaps to hedge the fair value exposure of the issued fixed rate Senior U.S. unsecured
notes. Under the interest rate swaps, the Company receives a fixed rate of interest and pays interest at a variable rate on the
notional amount.
The changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings as finance
costs. The changes in the fair value of the hedged items attributable to the risk hedged is recorded as part of the carrying value
of the Senior U.S. unsecured notes and are also recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings as finance costs. If the
hedged items are derecognized, the unamortized fair value is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of earnings.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
The Company operates post-employment benefit plans of both a defined contribution and defined benefit nature.
The cost of defined contribution plans is charged to the consolidated statements of earnings on the basis of contributions payable
by the Company during the year.
For defined benefits plans, the defined benefit obligations are calculated by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit
method. The retirement benefits obligations in the consolidated balance sheets represent the present value of the defined benefit
obligation as reduced by the fair value of plan assets. The retirement benefits assets are recognized to the extent that the Company
can benefit from refunds or a reduction in future contributions. Retirement benefit plans that are funded by the payment of insurance
premiums are treated as defined contribution plans unless the Company has an obligation either to pay the benefits directly when
they fall due or to pay further amounts if assets accumulated with the insurer do not cover all future employee benefits. In such
circumstances, the plan is treated as a defined benefit plan.
Insurance policies are treated as plan assets of a defined benefit plan if the proceeds of the policy:
     -    Can only be used to fund employee benefits;

     -    Are not available to the Company’s creditors; and

     -    Either cannot be paid to the Company unless the proceeds represent surplus assets not needed to meet all the benefit
          obligations or are a reimbursement for benefits already paid by the Company.
Insurance policies that do not meet the above criteria are treated as non-current investments and are held at fair value as long-
term financial assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
The actuarial valuations used to determine the cost of defined benefit pension plans and their present value involve making
assumptions about discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality. Any changes in these
assumptions will impact the carrying amount of pension obligations. In determining the appropriate discount rate management
considers the interest rates of high quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be
paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related pension liability.




                                                                                                                                73
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statemen
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars,
                                               For the      except
                                                        years endedper share data)
                                                                     September  30, 2016 and 2015
                                               (tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)

3.         Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
                                      3. Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
                                                    EMPLOYEE
The current service cost is recognized in the consolidated           BENEFITS
                                                            statements            (CONTINUED)
                                                                          of earnings   under costs of services, selling and administrative.
The net interest cost calculated by applying the Thediscount
                                                         currentrate to  thecost
                                                                   service   netisdefined   benefit
                                                                                    recognized       liability
                                                                                                 in he         or asset is
                                                                                                        consolidated         recognized
                                                                                                                       statements     of as   net under costs of
                                                                                                                                        earnings
finance cost or income. When the benefits of a plan Theare  changed
                                                          net  interestorcost
                                                                           when a    plan isby
                                                                              calculated     curtailed,
                                                                                                applying the  resulting
                                                                                                            the discountchange
                                                                                                                           rate tointhe
                                                                                                                                     benefit
                                                                                                                                        net that
                                                                                                                                             defined benefit lia
relates to past service or the gain or loss on curtailment
                                                    finance is   recognized
                                                              cost or         immediately
                                                                       income. When      the in  the of a
                                                                                                     consolidated
                                                                                              benefits        plan arestatements
                                                                                                                        changed orofwhen
                                                                                                                                       earnings.
                                                                                                                                             a plan is curtailed,
The gains or losses on the settlement of a definedrelates
                                                      benefittoplan
                                                                 pastare  recognized
                                                                      service            whenorthe
                                                                                or the gain         settlement
                                                                                                 loss on          occurs.
                                                                                                           curtailment   is recognized immediately in the co
                                                    The gains or losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan are recognized when the sett
Remeasurements on defined benefit plans include actuarial gains and losses, changes in the effect of the asset ceiling and the
return on plan assets, excluding the amount included in net
                                                    Remeasurementsinterestonon the
                                                                              definednet benefit
                                                                                         definedplans
                                                                                                  liability or assets.
                                                                                                         include        Remeasurements
                                                                                                                  actuarial gains             are changes in th
                                                                                                                                     and losses,
charged or credited to other comprehensive income       in the
                                                    return      period in
                                                            on plan        which
                                                                      assets,      they arise.
                                                                               excluding    the amount included in net interest on the net defined liabili
                                                    charged or credited to other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.
FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES
The following standards have been issued but areFUTURE          ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES
                                                      not yet effective:
                                                    The following standards have been issued but are not yet effective:
IFRS 15 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                                                    IFRS 15 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers
In May 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”, to specify how and when to recognize revenue
as well as requiring the provision of more informative   and2014,
                                                    In May    relevant   disclosures.
                                                                     the IASB    issuedThe   standard
                                                                                         IFRS 15,        supersedes
                                                                                                    “Revenue     from IAS       18, with
                                                                                                                         Contracts  “Revenue”,      IAS
                                                                                                                                             Customers”,   to specify h
11, “Construction Contracts”, and other revenue asrelated   interpretations.
                                                        well as  requiring theThe    standard
                                                                                  provision  of will
                                                                                                morebe   effective on
                                                                                                       informative    and October
                                                                                                                             relevant 1, 2018    for theThe standard s
                                                                                                                                         disclosures.
Company, with earlier adoption permitted. The 11, Company is      currently
                                                         “Construction        evaluating
                                                                           Contracts”,     theother
                                                                                         and    impact   of thisrelated
                                                                                                     revenue      standard on      its consolidated
                                                                                                                           interpretations.     The standard will be
financial statements.                               Company, with earlier adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
                                                    financial statements.
IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments
                                                    IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments
In July 2014, the IASB amended IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments”, to bring together the classification and measurement, impairment
and hedge accounting phases of the IASB's project   In to
                                                       Julyreplace
                                                             2014, theIASIASB
                                                                            39, amended
                                                                                “FinancialIFRS 9,
                                                                                            Instruments:     Recognition
                                                                                                      “Financial               and to bring
                                                                                                                   Instruments”,    Measurement”.
                                                                                                                                                together the classifica
The standard supersedes all previous versions ofand   IFRS 9
                                                          hedge and will  be effective
                                                                   accounting     phasesonof the
                                                                                            October     1, 2018
                                                                                                   IASB's         for to
                                                                                                            project    thereplace
                                                                                                                            Company        with earlier
                                                                                                                                     IAS 39,    “Financial Instrument
adoption permitted. The Company is currently The evaluating    the impact
                                                          standard           of this all
                                                                      supersedes     standard
                                                                                         previouson its consolidated
                                                                                                    versions   of IFRS 9  financial   statements.
                                                                                                                              and will be     effective on October 1,
                                                    adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its c
IFRS 16 - Leases
                                                    IFRS 16 - Leases
In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16, “Leases”, to set out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation
and disclosure of leases for both parties to a leaseIncontract.
                                                        JanuaryThe     standard
                                                                   2016, the       supersedes
                                                                                IASB   issued IFRSIAS 16,
                                                                                                        17, "Leases",
                                                                                                            “Leases”, to  andsetother   lease
                                                                                                                                  out the       related for the recog
                                                                                                                                             principles
Interpretations. The standard will be effective on and
                                                    October     1, 2019
                                                          disclosure   of for the for
                                                                           leases  Company     with to
                                                                                       both parties  earlier  adoption
                                                                                                         a lease            permitted
                                                                                                                    contract.    The only
                                                                                                                                       standardif IFRS
                                                                                                                                                   supersedes IAS 17
15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” is also        applied. The
                                                    Interpretations.    TheCompany
                                                                              standardiswill
                                                                                          currently   evaluating
                                                                                              be effective   on the
                                                                                                                 October  impact   of this
                                                                                                                              1, 2019        standard
                                                                                                                                          for the  Company with ear
on its consolidated financial statements.           15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” is also applied. The Company is currently eva
                                                    on its consolidated financial statements.

4.         Accounts receivable
                                                                 4.       Accounts receivable
                                                                                                                  As at                                      As at
                                                                                                     September 30, 2016                        September 30, 2015
                                                                                                                                                                                  As
                                                                                                                         $                                         $ September 30, 20
    Trade (Note 30)                                                                                              816,885                                   889,192
    Other1                                                        Trade (Note 30)                                284,721                                   208,671              816,8
                                                                  Other1                                       1,101,606                                 1,097,863              284,7
1
                                                                                                                                                                              1,101,6
     Other accounts receivable include tax credits for the Development of E-Business, other tax credits for Research and Development and job and economic growth
     initiatives. The tax credits represent approximately $187,047,000
                                                                  1    and accounts
                                                                     Other $139,972,000  of other
                                                                                    receivable    accounts
                                                                                               include      receivable
                                                                                                       tax credits      in 2016
                                                                                                                   for the      and 2015,
                                                                                                                           Development of respectively.
                                                                                                                                          E-Business, other tax credits for Research and
                                                                    initiatives. The tax credits represent approximately $187,047,000 and $139,972,000 of other accounts receivable in




74
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


5.     Funds held for clients

                                                                                              As at                          As at
                                                                                 September 30, 2016            September 30, 2015
                                                                                                    $                            $
 Cash                                                                                       173,554                      299,433
 Long-term bonds (Note 30)                                                                  195,976                      196,964
                                                                                            369,530                      496,397




6.     Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                           Furniture,
                                                           Land and        Leasehold    fixtures and      Computer
                                                           buildings    improvements      equipment      equipment           Total
                                                                    $              $                $            $               $
 Cost
  As at September 30, 2015                                   84,432         209,594        159,947         665,633     1,119,606
  Additions                                                     650          18,987         19,085         134,322       173,044
  Disposals/retirements                                     (12,947)        (16,123)        (9,278)       (114,575)     (152,923)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                    (3,559)         (6,265)        (3,947)       (33,638)       (47,409)
 As at September 30, 2016                                    68,576         206,193        165,807        651,742      1,092,318
 Accumulated depreciation
  As at September 30, 2015                                   14,589         147,219          89,121        395,568       646,497
  Depreciation expense (Note 23)                              5,590          19,860          17,187        120,468       163,105
  Disposals/retirements                                      (3,673)        (16,123)         (6,522)      (102,245)     (128,563)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                    (1,505)         (4,120)         (2,212)      (20,177)       (28,014)
 As at September 30, 2016                                    15,001         146,836          97,574       393,614        653,025
 Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2016                53,575          59,357          68,233       258,128        439,293

                                                                                            Furniture,
                                                            Land and       Leasehold     fixtures and     Computer
                                                            buildings   improvements       equipment     equipment           Total
                                                                    $              $                $            $               $
 Cost
  As at September 30, 2014                                   72,357         205,242        150,419         603,646     1,031,664
  Additions                                                   6,542           4,556          8,944         120,434       140,476
  Disposals/retirements                                          —           (13,491)       (10,693)      (108,695)     (132,879)
   Foreign currency translation adjustment                    5,533           13,287         11,277         50,248        80,345
 As at September 30, 2015                                    84,432         209,594        159,947         665,633     1,119,606
 Accumulated depreciation
  As at September 30, 2014                                   10,142         125,381          72,790       336,471        544,784
  Depreciation expense (Note 23)                              3,183          26,982          20,723       122,778        173,666
  Disposals/retirements                                          —           (13,444)       (10,497)      (92,367)      (116,308)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                     1,264            8,300          6,105        28,686         44,355
 As at September 30, 2015                                    14,589         147,219          89,121       395,568        646,497
 Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2015                69,843          62,375          70,826       270,065        473,109




                                                                                                                             75
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


6.       Property, plant and equipment (continued)
Property, plant and equipment include the following assets acquired under finance leases:


                                                                     As at September 30, 2016             As at September 30, 2015
                                                                                          Net                                  Net
                                                                    Accumulated      carrying             Accumulated     carrying
                                                             Cost   depreciation      amount       Cost    depreciation   amount
                                                                $              $            $         $              $          $
     Furniture, fixtures and equipment                     18,030          9,082        8,948    14,033         7,953       6,080
     Computer equipment                                    64,484         40,668      23,816     85,318        53,533      31,785
                                                           82,514         49,750      32,764     99,351        61,486      37,865




7.          Contract costs

                                                                    As at September 30, 2016              As at September 30, 2015
                                                                                          Net                                  Net
                                                                    Accumulated      carrying             Accumulated     carrying
                                                            Cost    amortization      amount       Cost    amortization   amount
                                                               $               $           $          $               $         $
 Transition costs                                        392,908        189,381      203,527    414,604       235,640     178,964
 Incentives                                               97,140         89,649        7,491    100,811        90,540      10,271
                                                         490,048        279,030      211,018    515,415       326,180     189,235




76
                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


8.       Intangible assets

                                                           Internal-use                 Business
                                            Internal-use       software    Business     solutions                        Client
                                                software      internally   solutions    internally   Software    relationships
                                                acquired     developed      acquired   developed     licenses        and other          Total
                                                      $               $           $             $            $                $            $
 Cost
  As at September 30, 2015                      92,959          55,340     128,370      388,040      174,095          954,667      1,793,471
  Additions                                      5,669          17,112       1,943       37,501       68,683            8,984        139,892
  Disposals/retirements                           (629)             —       (34,190)    (36,062)     (22,795)              —         (93,676)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment       (5,175)           (120)      (1,914)     (7,099)      (6,206)         (28,551)       (49,065)
 As at September 30, 2016                       92,824          72,332       94,209     382,380      213,777          935,100      1,790,622
 Accumulated amortization
  As at September 30, 2015                      66,481          42,464     110,818      247,518      100,616          656,763      1,224,660
  Amortization expense (Note 23)                 9,880           4,066       6,467       30,341       35,583           90,558        176,895
  Disposals/retirements                           (629)             —       (34,190)    (36,062)     (22,196)              —         (93,077)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment       (3,364)            (17)      (1,484)     (3,844)      (2,410)         (16,518)       (27,637)
 As at September 30, 2016                       72,368          46,513       81,611     237,953      111,593          730,803      1,280,841
 Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  2016                                          20,456          25,819       12,598     144,427      102,184          204,297        509,781



                                                           Internal-use                 Business
                                            Internal-use       software    Business     solutions                         Client
                                                software      internally   solutions    internally   Software     relationships
                                                acquired     developed     acquired    developed      licenses       and other          Total
                                                      $               $           $             $           $                 $            $
 Cost
  As at September 30, 2014                     102,686          50,736     126,715      310,486  164,461             896,359       1,651,443
  Additions                                      2,241           7,269         369       38,100   38,409                  —           86,388
  Disposals/retirements                        (17,206)         (2,902)      (7,691)     (5,050) (40,373)            (26,213)        (99,435)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment        5,238             237        8,977      44,504   11,598              84,521         155,075
 As at September 30, 2015                       92,959          55,340     128,370      388,040 174,095              954,667       1,793,471
 Accumulated amortization
  As at September 30, 2014                      69,447          42,143       99,778     195,085  100,920             513,996       1,021,369
  Amortization expense (Note 23)                10,666           3,125       10,391      25,460   30,664             106,000         186,306
  Impairment (Note 23)                              —               —            —        5,289       —                   —            5,289
  Disposals/retirements                        (17,206)         (2,902)      (7,691)     (5,050) (38,028)            (26,213)        (97,090)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment        3,574              98        8,340      26,734    7,060              62,980         108,786
 As at September 30, 2015                       66,481          42,464     110,818      247,518 100,616              656,763       1,224,660
 Net carrying amount as at September 30,
   2015                                         26,478          12,876       17,552     140,522       73,479         297,904        568,811




                                                                                                                                        77
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


9.        Other long-term assets

                                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                     September 30, 2016   September 30, 2015
                                                                                                      $                     $
 Insurance contracts held to fund defined benefit pension and life assurance
   arrangements - reimbursement rights (Note 16)                                                24,435                24,225
 Retirement benefits assets (Note 16)                                                             8,797                9,096
 Deferred financing fees                                                                         2,882                 3,286
 Long-term maintenance agreements                                                               20,942                14,971
 Deposits                                                                                         9,893                9,747
 Other                                                                                          20,021                 8,028
                                                                                                86,970                69,353




10.       Long-term financial assets


                                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                     September 30, 2016   September 30, 2015
                                                                                                     $                     $
 Deferred compensation plan assets (Note 16 et
                                            andNote
                                                Note30)
                                                     30)                                        42,139               38,238
 Long-term investments (Note 30)                                                                27,246               42,202
 Long-term receivables                                                                          10,239               11,609
 Derivative financial instruments (Note 30)                                                     49,759               30,771
                                                                                               129,383              122,820




78
                                                                                                                                         FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


11.          Goodwill

The Company’s operations are managed through the following seven operating segments referred to as our Strategic Business
Units, namely: United States of America (“U.S.”); Nordics; Canada; France (including Luxembourg and Morocco) (“France”);
United Kingdom (“U.K.”); Eastern, Central and Southern Europe (primarily Netherlands and Germany) (“ECS”); and Asia Pacific
(including Australia, India and the Philippines) (“Asia Pacific”). The operating segments reflect the current management structure
and the way that the chief operating decision-maker, who is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, evaluates
the business.

The Company completed the annual impairment test as at September 30, 2016 and did not identify any impairment.
The variations in goodwill were as follows:


                                              U.S.        Nordics          Canada       France              U.K.               ECS      Asia Pacific          Total
                                                 $               $              $              $              $                   $               $               $

    As at September 30, 2015            1,779,793      1,214,993         1,111,702     866,688        992,662           865,113              306,032    7,136,983
    Business acquisitions                       —               —             444       26,964               —                   —                —        27,408
    Foreign currency translation
     adjustment                           (36,773)        (24,378)             —       (12,025)       (153,646)             (11,802)           7,566     (231,058)

    As at September 30, 2016            1,743,020      1,190,615         1,112,146     881,627        839,016           853,311              313,598    6,933,333


Key assumptions in goodwill impairment testing
The key assumptions for the CGUs are disclosed in the following table:


    As at September 30, 2016                                                 U.S.    Nordics       Canada      France                 U.K.       ECS Asia Pacific
                                                                               %          %            %               %                %          %             %


      Pre-tax WACC                                                           11.8      10.0           9.0             9.2              8.1        9.1         19.2
      Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1                      2.0        1.9          2.0             2.0              1.9        1.9           2.0



    As at September 30, 2015                                                 U.S.    Nordics       Canada          France             U.K.       ECS    Asia Pacific
                                                                               %          %            %               %                %          %             %


      Pre-tax WACC                                                           11.3      11.4           9.0           10.6               9.9       10.8         19.5
      Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1                      2.0        1.8          2.0             1.9              1.8        1.7           2.0
1
    The long-term growth rate is based on published industry research.




                                                                                                                                                              79
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


12.          Provisions

                                                                          Onerous          Litigation       Decommissioning
                                                                          leases1, 4     and claims2              liabilities3     Restructuring4               Total
                                                                                  $                 $                          $                  $                 $
    As at September 30, 2015                                               39,483             24,159                    38,753             54,640           157,035
    Additional provisions                                                    2,639             2,168                     4,891             29,100             38,798
    Utilized amounts                                                      (13,492)           (10,553)                   (2,278)           (69,724)           (96,047)
    Reversals of unused amounts                                           (10,480)            (6,160)                   (1,593)                 —            (18,233)
    Discount rate adjustment and imputed interest                              184                 —                        433                 —                617
    Foreign currency translation adjustment                                 (2,088)             (614)                   (3,500)               (590)           (6,792)
    As at September 30, 2016                                               16,246              9,000                    36,706             13,426             75,378
    Current portion                                                          6,362             9,000                     8,582             10,980             34,924
    Non-current portion                                                      9,884                 —                    28,124              2,446             40,454



                                                                           Onerous          Litigation        Decommissioning
                                                                          leases1, 4      and claims2               liabilities3    Restructuring4               Total
                                                                                  $                 $                          $                  $                 $
    As at September 30, 2014                                               45,649             31,593                    44,781             91,872           213,895
    Additional provisions                                                   8,468              4,902                       362             32,836            46,568
    Utilized amounts                                                      (15,262)            (2,919)                     (489)           (70,416)           (89,086)
    Reversals of unused amounts                                             (2,957)           (9,803)                   (8,875)                —             (21,635)
    Discount rate adjustment and imputed interest                              319                —                        431                 —                 750
    Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  3,266               386                     2,543                348              6,543
    As at September 30, 2015                                               39,483             24,159                    38,753             54,640           157,035
    Current portion                                                        15,408             24,159                     7,460             47,371             94,398
    Non-current portion                                                    24,075                  —                    31,293              7,269             62,637
1
    As at September 30, 2016, the timing of cash outflows relating to these provisions ranges between one and seven years (one and eight years as at September 30,
    2015) and they were discounted at a weighted average rate of 0.77% (0.85% as at September 30, 2015). The reversals of unused amounts are mostly due to
    favourable settlements.
2
    As at September 30, 2016, litigation and claims include provisions related to tax exposure (other than those related to income tax), contractual disputes, employee
    claims and other of nil, $5,289,000 and $3,711,000, respectively (as at September 30, 2015, $9,854,000, $6,405,000 and $7,900,000, respectively). The reversals
    of unused amounts are mostly due to favourable settlements of tax exposures and employee claims.
3
    As at September 30, 2016, the decommissioning liability was based on the expected cash flows of $37,472,000 ($39,574,000 as at September 30, 2015) and was
    discounted at a weighted average rate of 0.98% (1.13% as at September 30, 2015). The timing of the settlement of these obligations ranges between one and
    eleven years as at September 30, 2016 (one and eight years as at September 30, 2015). The reversals of unused amounts are mostly due to favourable settlements.
4
    During the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company announced a restructuring program of approximately $60,000,000 to advance the realization of benefits
    associated with productivity enablers and other cost initiatives expected to yield savings throughout fiscal 2016. For the year ended September 30, 2016, the
    Company incurred $29,100,000 of the announced program ($35,903,000 during the year ended September 30, 2015) of which $29,100,000 ($32,836,000 for the
    year ended September 30, 2015) was accounted for in the provision for restructuring and nil ($3,067,000 for the year ended September 30, 2015) was accounted
    for in the provision for onerous leases.
    During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid in total $57,353,000 related to the restructuring program ($1,567,000 during the year ended
    September 30, 2015) of which $55,568,000 ($1,567,000 for the year ended September 30, 2015) was for restructuring and $1,785,000 (nil for the year ended
    September 30, 2015) was for onerous leases. In addition, during the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid in total $19,431,000 related to the
    integration of Logica plc ($74,363,000 during the year ended September 30, 2015) of which $14,156,000 ($68,849,000 for the year ended September 30, 2015)
    was for restructuring and $5,275,000 ($5,514,000 for the year ended September 30, 2015) was for onerous leases.




80
                                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


13.           Long-term debt

                                                                                                                              As at                              As at
                                                                                                                 September 30, 2016                September 30, 2015
                                                                                                                                      $                                $
    Senior U.S. unsecured notes repayable in December by tranches of $111,529 (U.S.
      $85,000) in 2016, $183,694 (U.S.$140,000) in 2018 and $328,025 (U.S.$250,000)
      in 20211                                                                                                                630,881                           640,693
    Senior unsecured notes repayable in September by tranches of $52,484 (U.S.$40,000)
      in 2019, $72,166 (U.S.$55,000) in 2021, $393,630 (U.S.$300,000) in 2024, $459,235
      (U.S.$350,000) in 7 yearly payments of U.S.$50,000 from 2018 to 2024 and $125,350
      (€85,000) in 20212                                                                                                   1,102,155                          1,124,487
    Unsecured committed term loan credit facility3                                                                                   —                          129,222
    Obligations repayable in blended monthly installments maturing at various dates until
     2021, bearing a weighted average interest rate of 2.57% (2.70% in 2015)                                                  111,205                           152,078
    Obligations under finance leases repayable in blended monthly installments maturing
     at various dates until 2022, bearing a weighted average interest rate of 3.40% (3.48%
     in 2015)                                                                                                                  42,172                            57,170
    Other long-term debt                                                                                                       24,562                            23,437
                                                                                                                           1,910,975                          2,127,087
    Current portion                                                                                                           192,036                           230,906
                                                                                                                           1,718,939                          1,896,181

     The Company has an unsecured committed revolving credit facility available for an amount of $1,500,000,000 that expires in December 2019. This facility bears
     interest at Bankers' acceptance, LIBOR or Canadian prime, plus a variable margin that is determined based on the Company's leverage ratio. As at September
     30, 2016, no amount was drawn upon this facility. Also, an amount of $33,914,000 has been committed against this facility to cover various letters of credit issued
     for clients and other parties. On November 8, 2016, the facility was extended by two years to December 2021 and can be further extended. There were no material
     changes in the terms and conditions including interest rates and banking covenants. The unsecured committed revolving credit facility contains covenants that
     require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 31). As at September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
1
     As at September 30, 2016, an amount of $623,248,000 was drawn, plus fair value adjustments relating to interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of
     $7,992,000 less financing fees of $359,000. The private placement financing with U.S. institutional investors is comprised of three tranches of Senior U.S. unsecured
     notes, with a weighted average maturity of 3.4 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4.57% (4.57% in 2015). The Senior U.S. unsecured notes contain
     covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 31). As at September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
2
     As at September 30, 2016, an amount of $1,102,865,000 was drawn, less financing fees of $710,000. The private placement is comprised of four tranches of
     Senior U.S. unsecured notes and one tranche of Senior euro unsecured note, with a weighted average maturity of 5.9 years and a weighted average interest rate
     of 3.62% (3.62% in 2015). The Senior unsecured notes contain covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 31). As at September
     30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
3
     In January 2016, the Company repaid in advance, without penalty, the remaining portion of the May 2016 maturing tranche of unsecured committed term loan
     credit facility for a total amount of $129,736,000. Following the debt repayment, the Company settled the related floating-to-fixed interest rate swap with a notional
     amount of $109,730,000 with no material impact, and settled the related cross-currency swap with a notional amount of $109,730,000 (Note 30).




                                                                                                                                                                    81
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


13.       Long-term debt (continued)
Principal repayments on long-term debt, excluding fair value hedges, obligations under finance leases and financing fees, over
the forthcoming years are as follows:

                                                                                                                                    $
 Less than one year                                                                                                          173,362
 Between one and two years                                                                                                   101,253
 Between two and five years                                                                                                  664,496
 Beyond five years                                                                                                           922,769
 Total principal payments on long-term debt                                                                                1,861,880



 Minimum finance lease payments are as follows:
                                                                                           Principal         Interest        Payment
                                                                                                  $                 $               $
 Less than one year                                                                         18,738                978          19,716
 Between one and two years                                                                  11,193                596          11,789
 Between two and five years                                                                 11,479                453          11,932
 Beyond five years                                                                             762                  6             768
 Total minimum finance lease payments                                                       42,172               2,033         44,205




14.       Other long-term liabilities

                                                                                                      As at                      As at
                                                                                         September 30, 2016        September 30, 2015
                                                                                                            $                       $
 Deferred revenue                                                                                      151,292               167,576
 Deferred compensation plan liabilities (Note 16)                                                       43,844                40,940
 Deferred rent                                                                                          43,118                56,165
 Other                                                                                                   6,053                 12,542
                                                                                                       244,307               277,223




82
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


15.       Income taxes

                                                                                                          Year ended September 30
                                                                                                          2016              2015
                                                                                                             $                 $
Current income tax expense
 Current income tax expense in respect of the current year                                             294,992           302,813
  Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the income tax expense of prior years       (7,413)          (13,539)
Total current income tax expense                                                                       287,579           289,274
Deferred income tax expense
 Deferred income tax expense relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences         106,939            76,953
  Deferred income tax expense relating to changes in tax rates                                           7,776             1,456
  Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the deferred income tax expense of prior
   years                                                                                                  928               (901)
  Recognition of previously unrecognized temporary differences                                         (19,153)          (15,790)
Total deferred income tax expense                                                                       96,490            61,718
Total income tax expense                                                                               384,069           350,992


The Company’s effective income tax rate differs from the combined Federal and Provincial Canadian statutory tax rate as follows:

                                                                                                          Year ended September 30
                                                                                                          2016              2015
                                                                                                            %                 %
Company's statutory tax rate                                                                              26.9              26.9
Effect of foreign tax rate differences                                                                     0.9                0.3
Final determination from agreements with tax authorities and expirations of statutes of limitations       (0.4)              (1.1)
Non-deductible and tax exempt items                                                                       (1.0)               0.5
Recognition of previously unrecognized temporary differences                                              (1.3)              (1.2)
Minimum income tax charge                                                                                  0.8               0.9
Impact on future tax assets and liabilities resulting from tax rate changes                                0.5               0.1
Effective income tax rate                                                                                 26.4              26.4




                                                                                                                            83
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


15.         Income taxes (continued)
The continuity of deferred income tax balances is as follows:

                                                              Additions                          Recognized                          Foreign currency
                                                  As at            from                             in other                               translation             As at
                                             September         business      Recognized       comprehensive Recognized                adjustment and          September
                                               30, 2015      acquisition     in earnings             income   in equity                          other          30, 2016
                                                                                         $                    $                 $                       $              $
 Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and
  other long-term liabilities                    73,483               —              10,259                   —              —                    (2,650)         81,092
 Tax benefits on losses carried forward         224,397              —            (76,391)                    —              —                  (13,281)         134,725
 Accrued compensation                            57,439              93           (23,819)                    —           8,468                    (401)          41,780
 Retirement benefits obligations                 32,491              —              3,041                  6,565             —                     (832)          41,265
 Allowance for doubtful accounts                  4,400              —             (3,698)                    —              —                     (104)             598
 PP&E, contract costs, intangible assets
   and other long-term assets                  (145,720)          (2,576)            13,632                   —              —                    (1,999)       (136,663)
 Work in progress                               (68,167)              —           (12,921)                    —              —                    1,538          (79,550)
 Goodwill                                       (54,807)              —            (2,309)                    —              —                    1,066          (56,050)
 Refundable tax credits on salaries             (21,131)              —            (1,085)                    —              —                       —           (22,216)
 Cash flow hedges                               (14,061)              —               265                  3,959             —                      802           (9,035)
 Other liabilities                                2,120              154           (3,464)                 1,196             —                      367              373
 Deferred income taxes, net                      90,444           (2,329)         (96,490)                11,720          8,468                 (15,494)          (3,681)


                                                                                            Recognized                              Foreign currency
                                                      As at                                    in other                                   translation              As at
                                               September 30,       Recognized in         comprehensive        Recognized in          adjustment and         September 30,
                                                       2014            earnings                 income               equity                    other                2015
                                                             $                   $                   $                      $                      $                   $
Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and
 other long-term liabilities                          79,971                (14,397)                 —                     —                   7,909               73,483
Tax benefits on losses carried forward               269,134                (58,650)                 —                     —                  13,913              224,397
Accrued compensation                                  57,406                 (7,846)                 —                   (386)                 8,265               57,439
Retirement benefits obligations                       35,315                 (3,267)               (519)                   —                     962               32,491
Allowance for doubtful accounts                           3,827                210                   —                     —                     363                4,400
PP&E, contract costs, intangible assets
 and other long-term assets                         (160,592)               27,278                   —                     —                 (12,406)            (145,720)
Work in progress                                     (56,068)                (1,992)                 —                     —                 (10,107)             (68,167)
Goodwill                                             (46,757)                  211                   —                     —                  (8,261)             (54,807)
Refundable tax credits on salaries                   (17,966)                (3,165)                 —                     —                      —               (21,131)
Cash flow hedges                                      (2,417)                   (33)            (11,176)                   —                    (435)             (14,061)
Other liabilities                                         5,591                 (67)             (2,578)                   —                    (826)               2,120
Deferred income taxes, net                           167,444                (61,718)            (14,273)                 (386)                  (623)              90,444



The deferred income taxes are presented as follows in the consolidated balance sheets:

                                                                                                                                As at                            As at
                                                                                                                   September 30, 2016              September 30, 2015
                                                                                                                                        $                              $
 Deferred tax assets                                                                                                         179,898                            261,431
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                   (183,579)                          (170,987)
                                                                                                                              (3,681)                            90,444




84
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


15.      Income taxes (continued)
As at September 30, 2016, the Company had $744,092,000 ($1,104,894,000 as at September 30, 2015) in operating tax losses
carried forward, of which $105,505,000 ($131,980,000 as at September 30, 2015) expire at various dates up to 2036 and
$638,587,000 ($972,914,000 as at September 30, 2015) have no expiry dates. The Company recognized a deferred tax asset
of $170,075,000 ($267,350,000 as at September 30, 2015) on the losses carried forward and recognized a valuation allowance
of $39,430,000 ($48,653,000 as at September 30, 2015). The resulting net deferred tax asset of $130,645,000 ($218,697,000
as at September 30, 2015) is the amount that is more likely than not to be realized, based on deferred tax liabilities reversal and
future taxable profits. The unrecognized losses amounted to $143,700,000 ($167,100,000 as at September 30, 2015).

As at September 30, 2016, the Company had $662,334,000 ($663,275,000 as at September 30, 2015) in non-operating tax losses
carried forward that have no expiry dates. The Company recognized a deferred tax asset of $113,125,000 ($130,903,000 as at
September 30, 2015) on the losses carried forward and recognized a valuation allowance of $109,045,000 ($125,203,000 as at
September 30, 2015). The resulting net deferred tax asset of $4,080,000 ($5,700,000 as at September 30, 2015) is the amount
that is more likely than not to be realized, based on deferred tax liabilities reversal and future taxable profits. The unrecognized
losses amounted to $638,300,000 ($634,800,000 as at September 30, 2015).
As at September 30, 2016, the Company has not recorded deferred tax liabilities on undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries
when they are considered indefinitely reinvested, unless it is probable that these temporary differences will reverse. Upon
distribution of these earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company may be subject to taxes. The temporary differences
associated with investments in foreign subsidiaries for which a deferred tax liability has not been recognized amounted to
$2,339,815,000 ($2,031,729,000 as at September 30, 2015).
The cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries were $557,800,000 as at September 30, 2016 ($263,607,000 as at
September 30, 2015). The tax implications and impact related to its repatriation have been accounted for and will not materially
affect the affect
materially Company’s
                  the liquidity.
                     Company’s liquidity.




16.      Employee benefits
The Company operates various post-employment plans, including defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans as well
as other benefit plans for its employees.

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
The Company operates defined benefit pension plans primarily for the benefit of employees in U.K., Germany, France, with smaller
plans in other countries. The benefits are based on pensionable salary and years of service. U.K. and Germany plans are funded
with the assets held in separate funds. The plan in France is unfunded.
The defined benefit plans expose the Company to interest risk, inflation risk, longevity risk, currency risk and market investment
risk.




                                                                                                                                85
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16.      Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The following description focuses mainly on plans registered in U.K., Germany and France:

U.K.
In U.K., the Company has three defined benefit pension plans, CMG U.K. Pension Scheme, Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance
Scheme and Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan.
The CMG U.K. Pension Scheme is closed to new members and is closed to further accrual of rights for existing members. The
Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme is still open but only for employees who come from the civil service with protected
pensions. Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan was created to mirror the Electricity Industry pension scheme and was created
for employees that worked for National Grid and Welsh Water with protected benefits.
Both the Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme and Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan are employer and employee
based contribution plans.
The trustees are the custodians of the defined benefit pension plans and are responsible for the plan administration, including
investment strategies. The trustees review periodically the investment and the asset allocation policies. As such, CMG U.K.
Pension Scheme policy is to target an allocation of 35% to return-seeking assets such as equities and 65% towards a mixture of
assets such as bonds and liability-driven investments such as investment funds; Logica Defined Benefit Pension plan policy is
to invest 30% of the plan’s assets in equities and 70% in bonds; Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme target is to invest
20% of the Scheme’s assets in equities and 80% in bonds.
U.K. Pensions Act 2004 requires that full formal actuarial valuations are carried out at least every three years to determine the
contributions that the Company should pay in order for the plan to meet its statutory objective, taking into account the assets
already held. In the interim years, the trustees need to obtain estimated funding updates unless the scheme has less than 100
members in total.
The latest funding actuarial valuations of the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme as well as the Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance
Scheme was performed in September 2015 and the results are expected to be available by the end of the 2016 calendar year.
In the meantime, the Company continues to contribute to the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme in line with the last funding actuarial
valuation, the quarterly payments of $3,074,000 to cover the deficit and approximately $342,000 to cover administration expenses.
The latest funding actuarial valuation for the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan was performed in June 2014 and reported a
deficit of $3,074,000. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company contributed monthly payments of $102,000 to
eliminate the funding shortfall and $10,000 to cover administration expenses.

Germany
In Germany, the Company has numerous defined benefit pension plans which are all closed to new members. In the majority of
the plans, upon retirement of employees, the benefits are in the form of a monthly pension and in a few plans, the employees
will receive an indemnity in the form of a lump-sum payment. About one third of the plans are bound by the former works council
agreements. There are no mandatory funding requirements. The plans are funded by the contributions made by the Company.
In some plans, insurance policies are taken out to fund retirement benefit plans. These do not qualify as plan assets and are
presented as reimbursement rights.

France
In France, the retirement indemnities are provided in accordance with the Labour Code. Upon retirement, employees will receive
an indemnity (depending on the salary and seniority in the Company) in the form of a lump-sum payment.




86
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16.       Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The following table presents amounts for post-employment benefits plans included in the consolidated balance sheets:


 As at September 30, 2016                            U.K.        Germany              France         Other                Total
                                                        $               $                  $             $                   $
 Defined benefit obligations                     (814,156)        (97,392)           (58,565)      (60,041)       (1,030,154)
 Fair value of plan assets                       792,665           12,403                 —        17,575              822,643
                                                  (21,491)        (84,989)           (58,565)      (42,466)        (207,511)
 Fair value of reimbursement rights                    —           23,269                 —          1,166              24,435
 Net liability recognized in the balance sheet    (21,491)        (61,720)           (58,565)      (41,300)        (183,076)

 Presented as:
 Other long-term assets (Note 9)

  Insurance contracts held to fund defined
    benefit pension and life assurance
    arrangements - reimbursement rights                —           23,269                 —          1,166              24,435

  Retirement benefits assets                        8,797              —                  —             —                8,797
 Retirement benefits obligations                  (30,288)        (84,989)           (58,565)      (42,466)        (216,308)
                                                  (21,491)        (61,720)           (58,565)      (41,300)        (183,076)




 As at September 30, 2015                            U.K.         Germany             France         Other                Total
                                                        $               $                  $             $                   $
 Defined benefit obligations                     (753,583)        (82,380)           (49,603)      (48,727)        (934,293)
 Fair value of plan assets                       726,224           12,046                 —        15,056              753,326
                                                  (27,359)        (70,334)           (49,603)      (33,671)        (180,967)
 Fair value of reimbursement rights                    —           23,074                 —          1,151              24,225
 Net liability recognized in the balance sheet    (27,359)        (47,260)           (49,603)      (32,520)        (156,742)

 Presented as:
 Other long-term assets (Note 9)
  Insurance contracts held to fund defined
    benefit pension and life assurance
    arrangements - reimbursement rights                —           23,074                 —          1,151              24,225
  Retirement benefits assets                        9,096              —                  —             —                9,096
 Retirement benefits obligations                  (36,455)        (70,334)           (49,603)      (33,671)        (190,063)
                                                  (27,359)        (47,260)           (49,603)      (32,520)        (156,742)




                                                                                                                          87
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16.           Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)


    Defined benefit obligations                              U.K.    Germany         France      Other        Total
                                                                $          $              $          $            $

    As at September 30, 2015                             753,583      82,380         49,603    48,727      934,293
    Liabilities assumed in a business acquisition              —          —            381          —          381
    Current service cost                                    1,133        808          4,314      5,720      11,975
    Interest cost                                         26,177       1,911          1,172      2,529      31,789
    Actuarial losses due to change in financial
     assumptions1                                        199,229      15,576          8,178      4,849     227,832
    Actuarial (gains) losses due to change in
     demographic assumptions1                              (8,853)        —          (3,870)      121       (12,602)
    Actuarial losses due to experience1                       64         257             43       209          573
    Past service cost                                          —          —              —       3,552        3,552
    Plan participant contributions                           181          —              —          22         203
    Benefits paid from the plan                           (21,781)      (225)            —      (2,085)     (24,091)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                         —      (1,926)          (577)    (1,882)      (4,385)
                                              1
    Foreign currency translation adjustment              (135,577)    (1,389)          (679)    (1,721)    (139,366)
    As at September 30, 2016                             814,156      97,392         58,565    60,041     1,030,154
    Defined benefit obligation of unfunded plans               —          —          58,565    34,436       93,001
    Defined benefit obligation of funded plans           814,156      97,392             —     25,605      937,153
    As at September 30, 2016                             814,156      97,392         58,565    60,041     1,030,154




    Defined benefit obligations                              U.K.    Germany         France      Other         Total
                                                               $           $              $          $            $
    As at September 30, 2014                             643,857      78,035         42,540    49,370      813,802
    Obligations extinguished on settlement                    —           —              —     (15,201)    (15,201)
    Settlement gain                                           —           —              —      (1,819)      (1,819)
    Current service cost                                   1,102        938           3,253     3,303        8,596
    Interest cost                                         25,883       1,936          1,005     1,875       30,699
    Actuarial losses (gains) due to change in
     financial assumptions1                               14,421       1,206         (2,884)    4,134       16,877
    Actuarial losses due to change in demographic
     assumptions1                                          5,496          —           4,556     1,568       11,620
                                                  1
    Actuarial losses (gains) due to experience             2,120      (2,328)          (928)    1,171           35
    Past service cost                                         —           —            (343)     (103)        (446)
    Plan participant contributions                           196          —              —        143          339
    Benefits paid from the plan                          (15,380)       (448)            —       (925)     (16,753)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                        —       (1,732)          (152)    (1,647)      (3,531)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment1              75,888       4,773          2,556     6,858       90,075
    As at September 30, 2015                             753,583      82,380         49,603    48,727      934,293
    Defined benefit obligation of unfunded plans              —           —          49,603    26,891       76,494
    Defined benefit obligation of funded plans           753,583      82,380             —     21,836      857,799
    As at September 30, 2015                             753,583      82,380         49,603    48,727      934,293
1
     Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




88
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes
 Notestotothe
            theConsolidated
                ConsolidatedFinancial
                             FinancialStatements
                                       Statements
ForFor
     thethe
         years
            years
               ended
                  ended
                      September
                         September 30,30,
                                       2016
                                          2016
                                             andand
                                                  2015
                                                    2015
(tabular
   (tabular
          amounts
            amountsonly
                     only
                        areare
                            in in
                               thousands
                                  thousandsof of
                                              Canadian
                                                 Canadian
                                                       dollars,
                                                          dollars,
                                                                except
                                                                   except
                                                                       perper
                                                                           share
                                                                              share
                                                                                 data)
                                                                                    data)


16.16. Employee
        Employeebenefits
                  benefits
                         (continued)
                           (continued)
DEFINED
  DEFINED
        BENEFIT
          BENEFIT
                PLANS
                  PLANS
                      (CONTINUED)
                        (CONTINUED)

    Plan
       Plan
         assets
            assets
                andand
                    reimbursement
                       reimbursement
                                  rights
                                     rights                     U.K.U.K.   Germany
                                                                              Germany       France
                                                                                               France    Other
                                                                                                            Other            Total
                                                                                                                                Total
                                                                   $   $         $   $           $   $         $    $           $   $
    As at
       As at
          September
             September
                    30,30,
                        2015
                           2015                             726,224
                                                              726,224       35,120
                                                                               35,120           ——        16,207
                                                                                                             16,207      777,551
                                                                                                                           777,551
    Interest
       Interest
             income
                income
                    on on
                       plan
                          plan
                            assets
                               assets                        25,494
                                                                25,494         813813           ——         1,087
                                                                                                              1,087       27,394
                                                                                                                             27,394
    Employer
      Employer
             contributions
                contributions                                17,896
                                                                17,896       2,024
                                                                                2,024         577577       5,302
                                                                                                              5,302       25,799
                                                                                                                             25,799
                                                1  1
    Return
      Return
           on on
              assets
                 assets
                     excluding
                        excluding
                               interest
                                   interest
                                        income
                                            income          178,033
                                                              178,033          437437           ——           597597      179,067
                                                                                                                           179,067
    Plan
       Plan
         participants
            participants
                      contributions
                         contributions                          181181          ——              ——            22 22          203203
    Benefits
      Benefits
             paid
                paid
                  from
                     from
                        thethe
                            plan
                               plan                          (21,781)
                                                                (21,781)      (225)
                                                                                 (225)          ——        (2,085)
                                                                                                             (2,085)      (24,091)
                                                                                                                             (24,091)
    Benefits
      Benefits
             paid
                paid
                  directly
                     directly
                           by by
                              employer
                                 employer                         ——        (1,926)
                                                                               (1,926)       (577)
                                                                                                (577)     (1,882)
                                                                                                             (1,882)       (4,385)
                                                                                                                              (4,385)
    Administration
      Administration
                   expenses
                      expenses
                            paid
                               paid
                                 from
                                    from
                                       thethe
                                           plan
                                              plan            (1,839)
                                                                 (1,839)        ——              ——             (3) (3)     (1,842)
                                                                                                                              (1,842)
                                               1   1
    Foreign
       Foreign
            currency
               currency
                     translation
                        translation
                                 adjustment
                                    adjustment              (131,543)
                                                               (131,543)      (571)
                                                                                 (571)          ——          (504)
                                                                                                               (504)     (132,618)
                                                                                                                            (132,618)
    As at
      As at
          September
            September
                    30,30,
                        2016
                           2016                             792,665
                                                              792,665       35,672
                                                                               35,672           ——        18,741
                                                                                                             18,741      847,078
                                                                                                                           847,078
    Plan
       Plan
         assets
            assets                                          792,665
                                                              792,665       12,403
                                                                               12,403           ——        17,575
                                                                                                             17,575      822,643
                                                                                                                           822,643
    Reimbursement
      Reimbursement
                  rights
                     rights                                       ——        23,269
                                                                               23,269           ——         1,166
                                                                                                              1,166       24,435
                                                                                                                             24,435
    As at
      As at
          September
            September
                    30,30,
                        2016
                           2016                             792,665
                                                              792,665       35,672
                                                                               35,672           ——        18,741
                                                                                                             18,741      847,078
                                                                                                                           847,078




    PlanPlan
         assets
             assets
                andand
                    reimbursement
                        reimbursement
                                  rights
                                      rights                    U.K.U.K.   Germany
                                                                              Germany       France
                                                                                               France       Other
                                                                                                               Other         Total
                                                                                                                                Total
                                                                   $   $         $   $           $   $         $    $           $   $
    As at
       As at
          September
             September
                    30,30,
                        2014
                           2014                             601,313
                                                              601,313       33,000
                                                                               33,000           ——        26,888
                                                                                                             26,888      661,201
                                                                                                                           661,201
    Assets
      Assets
           distributed
              distr buted
                       on on
                          settlement
                             settlement                           ——            ——              ——       (15,201)
                                                                                                            (15,201)      (15,201)
                                                                                                                             (15,201)
    Interest
       Interest
             income
                income
                    on on
                       plan
                          plan
                            assets
                               assets                        24,287
                                                                24,287         818818           ——         1,204
                                                                                                              1,204       26,309
                                                                                                                             26,309
    Employer
      Employer
             contributions
                contributions                                17,975
                                                                17,975       2,191
                                                                                2,191         152152       1,863
                                                                                                              1,863       22,181
                                                                                                                             22,181
                                                1  1
    Return
      Return
           on on
              assets
                 assets
                     excluding
                        excluding
                               interest
                                   interest
                                        income
                                            income           27,586
                                                                27,586          84 84           ——           376376       28,046
                                                                                                                             28,046
    Plan
       Plan
         participants
            participants
                      contributions
                         contributions                          196196          ——              ——           143143          339339
    Benefits
      Benefits
             paid
                paid
                  from
                     from
                        thethe
                            plan
                               plan                          (15,380)
                                                                (15,380)    (1,154)
                                                                               (1,154)          ——          (925)
                                                                                                               (925)      (17,459)
                                                                                                                             (17,459)
    Benefits
      Benefits
             paid
                paid
                  directly
                     directly
                           by by
                              employer
                                 employer                         ——        (1,732)
                                                                               (1,732)       (152)
                                                                                                (152)     (1,214)
                                                                                                             (1,214)       (3,098)
                                                                                                                              (3,098)
    Administration
      Administration
                   expenses
                      expenses
                            paid
                               paid
                                 from
                                    from
                                       thethe
                                           plan
                                              plan            (2,161)
                                                                 (2,161)        ——              ——             (6) (6)     (2,167)
                                                                                                                              (2,167)
                                            1  1
    Foreign
       Foreign
            currency
               currency
                     translation
                        translation
                                 adjustment
                                    adjustment               72,408
                                                                72,408       1,913
                                                                                1,913           ——         3,079
                                                                                                              3,079       77,400
                                                                                                                             77,400
    As at
       As at
          September
             September
                    30,30,
                        2015
                           2015                             726,224
                                                              726,224       35,120
                                                                               35,120           ——        16,207
                                                                                                             16,207      777,551
                                                                                                                           777,551
    Plan
       Plan
         assets
            assets                                          726,224
                                                              726,224       12,046
                                                                               12,046           ——        15,056
                                                                                                             15,056      753,326
                                                                                                                           753,326
    Reimbursement
      Reimbursement
                  rights
                     rights                                       ——        23,074
                                                                               23,074           ——         1,151
                                                                                                              1,151       24,225
                                                                                                                             24,225
    As at
       As at
          September
             September
                    30,30,
                        2015
                           2015                             726,224
                                                              726,224       35,120
                                                                               35,120           ——        16,207
                                                                                                             16,207      777,551
                                                                                                                           777,551
1    1
     Amounts
       Amounts
             recognized
                recognized
                        in in
                          other
                              other
                                comprehensive
                                    comprehensive
                                              income.
                                                  income.




                                                                                                                             89
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16.          Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The plan assets at the end of the year consist of:

    As at September 30, 2016                                             U.K.           Germany                 France                Other               Total
                                                                            $                    $                    $                     $                 $
    Quoted equities                                                 200,163                   —                     —                   —              200,163
    Quoted bonds                                                    188,674                   —                     —                  162             188,836
    Property                                                         30,004                   —                     —                   —               30,004
    Cash                                                             62,708                   —                     —                   55              62,763
    Other1                                                          311,116               12,403                    —               17,358             340,877
                                                                    792,665               12,403                    —               17,575             822,643


    As at September 30, 2015                                             U.K.            Germany                France                Other                Total
                                                                            $                    $                    $                     $                 $
    Quoted equities                                                 180,891                   —                     —                   —              180,891
    Quoted bonds                                                    331,677                   —                     —                  141             331,818
    Property                                                         37,740                   —                     —                   —               37,740
    Cash                                                             43,490                   —                     —                   10              43,500
    Other1                                                          132,426               12,046                    —               14,905             159,377
                                                                    726,224               12,046                    —               15,056             753,326
1
     Other is mainly composed of various insurance policies and quoted investment funds to cover some of the defined benefit obligations.


Plan assets do not include any shares of the Company, property occupied by the Company or any other assets used by the
Company.
The following table summarizes the expense1 recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings:

                                                                                                                                      Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                       2016                2015
                                                                                                                                            $                 $
    Current service cost                                                                                                            11,975               8,596
    Settlement gain                                                                                                                     —               (1,819)
    Past service cost                                                                                                                3,552                (446)
    Net interest on net defined benefit liability or asset                                                                           4,395               4,390
    Administration expenses                                                                                                          1,842               2,167
                                                                                                                                    21,764              12,888
1
     The expense was presented as costs of services, selling and administrative for an amount of $15,527,000 and as net finance costs for an amount of $6,237,000
     ($6,331,000 and $6,557,000, respectively,for the year ended September 30, 2015) (Note 24).




90
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16.       Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
Actuarial assumptions
The following are the principal actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages). The assumed discount rates, future
salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality all have a significant effect on the accounting valuation.

 As at September 30, 2016                                             U.K.           Germany      France                   Other
                                                                        %                 %            %                      %


 Discount rate                                                       2.31               1.04        1.04                    3.86
 Future salary increases                                             3.15               2.50        2.17                    4.49
 Future pension increases                                            3.11               1.50          —                       —
 Inflation rate                                                      3.15               2.00        2.00                    3.10

 As at September 30, 2015                                             U.K.           Germany       France                  Other
                                                                        %                 %            %                      %


 Discount rate                                                       3.78               2.40        2.40                    4.93
 Future salary increases                                             3.27               2.50        3.14                    4.66
 Future pension increases                                            3.21               2.00          —                       —
 Inflation rate                                                      3.27               2.00        2.00                    3.29



The average longevity over 65 of a member presently at age 45 and 65 are as follows:

 As at September 30, 2016                                                                            U.K.                Germany
                                                                                                            (in years)
 Longevity at age 65 for current members
   Males                                                                                             22.2                   20.0
   Females                                                                                           24.2                   24.0
 Longevity at age 45 for current members
   Males                                                                                             23.9                   22.0
   Females                                                                                           26.1                   26.0


 As at September 30, 2015                                                                            U.K.                Germany
                                                                                                            (in years)
 Longevity at age 65 for current members
   Males                                                                                             22.4                   19.0
   Females                                                                                           24.4                   23.0
 Longevity at age 45 for current members
   Males                                                                                             24.1                   22.0
   Females                                                                                           26.3                   26.0




                                                                                                                            91
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes
Notesto
      tothe
        Notes to
         theConsolidated
             Consolidated
                 Notes to the
                 the Consolidated
                          Financial
                           Financial
                              Consolidated
                                   Financial
                                    Statements
                                     Statements
                                           Financial
                                             Statements
                                                     Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 ended
                   For the
                       September
                        September
                            years 30,
                                    ended
                                      30,
                                       For2016
                                         2016
                                           September
                                           theand
                                                years
                                                and2015
                                                     2015
                                                      ended
                                                       30, 2016
                                                             September
                                                                  and 201530, 2016 and 2015
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                   (tabular
                     only
                        are
                          areinin
                            amounts
                                thousands
                                  thousands
                                       (tabular
                                       only of
                                            are
                                             of in
                                               Canadian
                                                amounts
                                                 Canadiandollars,
                                                         only
                                                   thousands
                                                           dollars,
                                                               are in
                                                               of Canadian
                                                                   except
                                                                    except
                                                                      thousands
                                                                          per
                                                                           per
                                                                            dollars,
                                                                              share
                                                                                haredata)
                                                                                 of Canadian
                                                                                     except
                                                                                      data) per
                                                                                              dollars,
                                                                                                share data)
                                                                                                       except per share data)


16.
 16.       Employee
            Employee
                16. benefits
                     benefits
                      Employee
                            16.
                             (continued)
                              (continued)
                                 benefits
                                  Employee(continued)
                                             benefits (continued)
DEFINED
 DEFINEDBENEFIT
         BENEFIT
             DEFINED
                PLANS
                 PLANS
                     BENEFIT
                      (CONTINUED)
                       (CONTINUED)
                          DEFINED
                             PLANSBENEFIT
                                   (CONTINUED)
                                          PLANS (CONTINUED)
Actuarial
 Actuarialassumptions
           assumptions
               Actuarial
                      (continued)
                       (continued)
                         assumptions
                               Actuarial
                                      (continued)
                                         assumptions (continued)
Assumptions
  Assumptionsregarding
                   regarding
                      Assumptions
                             future
                               futuremortality
                                      regarding
                                      mortality
                                          Assumptions
                                               areare  setbased
                                                      set
                                                   future  mortality
                                                            based
                                                             regarding
                                                                   on
                                                                    onare
                                                                       actuarial
                                                                         actuarial
                                                                          future
                                                                            set based
                                                                                 mortality
                                                                                  advice
                                                                                    advice   are
                                                                                         onininaccordance
                                                                                                accordance
                                                                                                   set
                                                                                             actuarial based
                                                                                                         advicewith
                                                                                                                on
                                                                                                                 with published
                                                                                                                   inactuarial
                                                                                                                     published advice
                                                                                                                      accordance  statistics
                                                                                                                                   statistics
                                                                                                                                      with
                                                                                                                                         in and
                                                                                                                                           published
                                                                                                                                            accordance
                                                                                                                                               andexperience
                                                                                                                                                    experience
                                                                                                                                                       statistics
                                                                                                                                                          with and
                                                                                                                                                                published
                                                                                                                                                                      experie
                                                                                                                                                                          stat
inineach
      eachcountry.
            country. in
                    Mortality
                     Mortality
                        each country.
                              assumptions
                                assumptions
                                         Mortality
                                          in each
                                              for    the
                                                forthe
                                                     assumptions
                                                     country.
                                                       most
                                                         most  significant
                                                                Mortality
                                                                significant
                                                                      for the most
                                                                           assumptions
                                                                            countries
                                                                             countriesareare based
                                                                                            for
                                                                                     significant
                                                                                               basedon
                                                                                                thecountries
                                                                                                     most
                                                                                                       onthe
                                                                                                           theare
                                                                                                            significant
                                                                                                              following
                                                                                                                following
                                                                                                                     based on   the
                                                                                                                          post-retirement
                                                                                                                           post-retirement
                                                                                                                         countries   following
                                                                                                                                      are based
                                                                                                                                              mortality
                                                                                                                                               mortality
                                                                                                                                                post-retirement
                                                                                                                                                  on thetables
                                                                                                                                                         following
                                                                                                                                                          tables  mortality
                                                                                                                                                                    post-retire
                                                                                                                                                                            tab
for
  forthe
       theyear
           yearended
                 endedfor the
                       September
                        September
                              year 30,
                                    ended
                                      30,2016:
                                          2016:
                                          for
                                           September
                                              the
                                                (1) year
                                                  (1) U.K.:
                                                       U.K.:
                                                          ended
                                                           30,
                                                            100%
                                                              100%
                                                                2016:
                                                                  September
                                                                    S2PxA
                                                                      S2PxA
                                                                        (1) U.K.:
                                                                             (year
                                                                               (year
                                                                                 30,of
                                                                                   100%birth)
                                                                                      2016:
                                                                                      of birth)
                                                                                          S2PxA
                                                                                              (1)
                                                                                               plus
                                                                                                 plus
                                                                                                  U.K.:
                                                                                                    (year
                                                                                                     CMI_2015
                                                                                                       CMI_2015
                                                                                                         100%
                                                                                                           of  birth) plus
                                                                                                                  S2PxA    CMI_2015
                                                                                                                     projections
                                                                                                                          (year
                                                                                                                    projections   with
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                   with
                                                                                                                                     birth)
                                                                                                                                       1.25%
                                                                                                                                         1.25%
                                                                                                                                          projections
                                                                                                                                            plusp.a.
                                                                                                                                                 p.a.
                                                                                                                                                 CMI_2015
                                                                                                                                                     minimum
                                                                                                                                                      minimum
                                                                                                                                                       with 1.25%
                                                                                                                                                              projections
                                                                                                                                                                    p.a. minim
                                                                                                                                                                          with
long
  longterm
         termimprovement
               improvement
                      long erm
                             rate,
                               rate,(2)
                                  improvement
                                     (2)Germany:
                                         Germany:
                                          long   term
                                                    rate,
                                                      Heubeck
                                                       Heubeck
                                                        improvement
                                                          (2)  Germany:
                                                                  RT2005G
                                                                   RT2005G      (2)
                                                                            Heubeck
                                                                          rate,(3)
                                                                                (3)and
                                                                                    Germany:
                                                                                     andRT2005G
                                                                                         France:
                                                                                          France: (3)
                                                                                                  Heubeck
                                                                                                    INSEE
                                                                                                     INSEEand TVTD
                                                                                                               RT2005G
                                                                                                               TVTD
                                                                                                                France:
                                                                                                                      2009-2011.
                                                                                                                        2009-2011.
                                                                                                                          INSEE
                                                                                                                            (3)  andTVTD
                                                                                                                                      France:
                                                                                                                                            2009-2011.
                                                                                                                                                INSEE TVTD 2009-2011.
 Thefollowing
The   followingtable
                 table
                   The
                     shows
                       shows
                        following
                             the      The
                               the table shows
                                   sensitivity
                                 sensitivityfollowing
                                             ofofthe
                                                  the
                                                   thedefined
                                                       sensitivity
                                                       defined
                                                        table shows
                                                               benefit
                                                                 benefit
                                                                   of theobligations
                                                                        obligations
                                                                       the defined
                                                                           sensitivityto
                                                                                   benefit
                                                                                        tof the
                                                                                          changes
                                                                                           changes
                                                                                              obligations
                                                                                                defined
                                                                                                    ininthe
                                                                                                          theto changes
                                                                                                             principal
                                                                                                               principal
                                                                                                           benefit  obligations
                                                                                                                        actuarial
                                                                                                                         actuarial
                                                                                                                          in the to
                                                                                                                                  principal
                                                                                                                                  assumptions:
                                                                                                                                    assumptions:
                                                                                                                                    changes actuarial
                                                                                                                                              in the principal
                                                                                                                                                      assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                               actua

 As
  AsatatSeptember
         September30,
                   30,As
                      2016
                       2016
                         at September 30, As
                                          2016
                                             at September 30, 2016                                           U.K.
                                                                                                              U.K.          Germany
                                                                                                                             Germany
                                                                                                                                 U.K.                 Germany
                                                                                                                                                       France
                                                                                                                                                         France
                                                                                                                                                            U.K.                  Germ
                                                                                                                                                                                   Fran
                                                                                                                $$                   $$                           $$$
 Increase
   Increaseofof0.25%
                0.25%ininthe
                        Increase
                            thediscount
                                discount
                                    of 0.25%
                                         rate
                                           ratein the
                                                Increase
                                                      discount
                                                          of 0.25%
                                                                rate in the discount rate                (36,935)
                                                                                                           (36,935)            (3,556)
                                                                                                                                 (3,556)
                                                                                                                               (36,935)                     (2,476)
                                                                                                                                                              (2,476)
                                                                                                                                                            (36,935)
                                                                                                                                                            (3,556)                   (2,4
                                                                                                                                                                                      (3,5
   Decreaseofof0.25%
 Decrease                            of                discount
                                                Decrease
                                            ratein the
                                          rate
                                        0.25%
                                  discount
                             thediscount
                        Decrease
                 0.25%ininthe                                    rate in the discount rate
                                                           of 0.25%                                         39,406
                                                                                                          39,406                  3,762
                                                                                                                                39,406
                                                                                                                                3,762                          2,612
                                                                                                                                                             3,762
                                                                                                                                                             39,406
                                                                                                                                                             2,612                     2,6
                                                                                                                                                                                       3,7
 Salary
   Salaryincrease
           increaseofof0.25%
                        Salary
                         0.25% increase of 0.25%Salary increase of 0.25%                                     724
                                                                                                               724                  724
                                                                                                                                    80
                                                                                                                                     80                      2,588
                                                                                                                                                               2,588
                                                                                                                                                                 724
                                                                                                                                                                 80                    2,5
 Salary
  Salarydecrease
         decreaseofof0.25%
                     Salary
                      0.25%decrease of 0.25%
                                       Salary decrease of 0.25%                                              (714)
                                                                                                               (714)              (78)
                                                                                                                                  (714)
                                                                                                                                    (78)                    (2,466)
                                                                                                                                                              (2,466)
                                                                                                                                                                (714)
                                                                                                                                                                (78)                  (2,4
 Pension
   Pensionincrease
            increaseofof0.25%
                      Pension
                          0.25% increase ofPension 0.25% increase of 0.25%                                17,860
                                                                                                           17,860               1,802
                                                                                                                                17,860
                                                                                                                                 1,802                       17,860
                                                                                                                                                             1,802——                  1,8
 Pension
   Pensiondecrease
            decreaseofof
                      Pension
                         0.25%
                           0.25%decrease ofPension  0.25% decrease of 0.25%                              (16,963)
                                                                                                           (16,963)            (1,721)
                                                                                                                               (16,963)
                                                                                                                                 (1,721)                          ——
                                                                                                                                                            (16,963)
                                                                                                                                                            (1,721)                   (1,7
 Increase
   Increaseofof0.25%
                0.25%inin
                      Increase
                         inflation
                           inflation  of
                                      rate
                                         rate
                                          0.25% inIncrease
                                                    inflationofrate
                                                                 0.25% in inflation rate                  28,843
                                                                                                            28,843              1,802
                                                                                                                                28,843
                                                                                                                                  1,802                      2,588
                                                                                                                                                             28,843
                                                                                                                                                             1,802
                                                                                                                                                               2,588                   2,5
                                                                                                                                                                                       1,8
 Decrease
   Decreaseofof0.25%
                 0.25%inin
                      Decrease
                          inflation
                            inflation  of
                                       rate
                                          rate
                                           0.25% in
                                                  Decrease
                                                     inflationofrate
                                                                  0.25% in inflation rate                (27,303)
                                                                                                           (27,303)            (1,721)
                                                                                                                                 (1,721)
                                                                                                                               (27,303)                     (2,466)
                                                                                                                                                              (2,466)
                                                                                                                                                            (27,303)
                                                                                                                                                            (1,721)                   (2,4
                                                                                                                                                                                      (1,7
 Increase       oneyear
   Increaseofofone                        one
                                     expectancy
                                     xpectancy
                               life of
                            life
                      Increase
                    yearinin                           life of
                                                  Increase
                                               year in           one year in life expectancy
                                                             expectancy                                     24,093
                                                                                                          24,093                  2,918
                                                                                                                                24,093
                                                                                                                                2,918                             444
                                                                                                                                                                444
                                                                                                                                                             2,918
                                                                                                                                                             24,093                      4
                                                                                                                                                                                       2,9
 Decrease
   Decreaseofofone
                 oneyear
                     yearinin
                      Decreaselife
                                 life of
                                      xpectancy
                                      expectancy
                                           one  year in
                                                  Decrease
                                                         life of
                                                              expectancy
                                                                  one year in life expectancy            (23,900)
                                                                                                           (23,900)            (2,601)
                                                                                                                                 (2,601)
                                                                                                                               (23,900)                        (485)
                                                                                                                                                                 (485)
                                                                                                                                                            (23,900)
                                                                                                                                                            (2,601)                     (4
                                                                                                                                                                                      (2,6


 AsAsatatSeptember
          September30,
                    30,2015
                        As
                        2015
                           at September 30, As
                                           2015at September 30, 2015                                         U.K.
                                                                                                              U.K.           Germany
                                                                                                                              Germany
                                                                                                                                  U.K.                 Germany
                                                                                                                                                        France
                                                                                                                                                          France
                                                                                                                                                            U.K.                  Germ
                                                                                                                                                                                   Fra
                                                                                                               $$                  $$                           $$$
 Increase
   Increaseofof0.25%
                0.25%ininthe
                        Increase
                            thediscount
                                   discount
                                       of  0.25%
                                             rate
                                                ratein the
                                                     Increasediscount
                                                                  of 0.25%
                                                                        rate in the discount rate        (32,458)
                                                                                                           (32,458)            (2,832)
                                                                                                                                 (2,832)
                                                                                                                               (32,458)                     (2,154)
                                                                                                                                                              (2,154)
                                                                                                                                                            (32,458)
                                                                                                                                                            (2,832)                   (2,1
                                                                                                                                                                                      (2,8
   Decreaseofof0.25%
 Decrease                               of           Decrease
                                                 ratein the
                                               rate
                                            0.25%
                                     discount
                             thediscount
                        Decrease
                 0.25%ininthe                                  discount  rate in the discount rate
                                                                   of 0.25%                                 34,580
                                                                                                          34,580                  2,990
                                                                                                                                34,580
                                                                                                                                2,990                          2,275
                                                                                                                                                             2,990
                                                                                                                                                             34,580
                                                                                                                                                             2,275                     2,9
                                                                                                                                                                                       2,2
 Salary
   Salaryincrease
           increaseofof0.25%
                        Salary
                         0.25% increase of 0.25%     Salary increase of 0.25%                                 759
                                                                                                                759                 759
                                                                                                                                    5858                     2,274
                                                                                                                                                               2,274
                                                                                                                                                                  759
                                                                                                                                                                  58                   2,2
 Salary
   Salarydecrease
           decreaseofof0.25%
                        Salary
                          0.25%decrease of 0.25%     Salary decrease of 0.25%                                (747)
                                                                                                               (747)               (57)
                                                                                                                                   (747)
                                                                                                                                     (57)                   (2,163)
                                                                                                                                                              (2,163)
                                                                                                                                                                 (747)
                                                                                                                                                                 (57)                 (2,1
 Pension
   Pensionincrease
             increaseofof0.25%
                        Pension
                           0.25% increase ofPension   0.25% increase of 0.25%                             14,804
                                                                                                            14,804              1,452
                                                                                                                                14,804
                                                                                                                                  1,452                      14,804
                                                                                                                                                             1,452——                   1,4
 Pension
   Pensiondecrease
             decreaseofof
                        Pension
                          0.25%
                            0.25%decrease ofPension    0.25% decrease of 0.25%                           (14,089)
                                                                                                           (14,089)            (1,390)
                                                                                                                               (14,089)
                                                                                                                                 (1,390)                          ——
                                                                                                                                                            (14,089)
                                                                                                                                                            (1,390)                   (1,3
 Increase
   Increaseofof0.25%
                0.25%inin
                        Increase
                          inflation
                            inflation  of
                                       rate
                                          rate
                                           0.25% inIncrease
                                                       inflationofrate
                                                                     0.25% in inflation rate              25,155
                                                                                                            25,155              1,452
                                                                                                                                25,155
                                                                                                                                  1,452                      2,274
                                                                                                                                                             25,155
                                                                                                                                                             1,452
                                                                                                                                                               2,274                   1,4
                                                                                                                                                                                       2,2
 Decrease
   Decreaseofof0.25%
                 0.25%inin
                        Decrease
                           inflation
                             inflation  of
                                        rate
                                           rate
                                            0.25% in Decrease
                                                        inflationofrate
                                                                      0.25% in inflation rate            (23,829)
                                                                                                           (23,829)            (1,390)
                                                                                                                                 (1,390)
                                                                                                                               (23,829)                     (2,163)
                                                                                                                                                              (2,163)
                                                                                                                                                            (23,829)
                                                                                                                                                            (1,390)                   (2,1
                                                                                                                                                                                      (1,3
 Increase       oneyear
   Increaseofofone                         one
                                      expectancy
                                      xpectancy
                                life of
                             life
                        Increase
                     yearinin                             life of
                                                     Increase
                                                 year in             one year in life expectancy
                                                                expectancy                                  17,627
                                                                                                          17,627                  2,145
                                                                                                                                17,627
                                                                                                                                2,145                             395
                                                                                                                                                                395
                                                                                                                                                             2,145
                                                                                                                                                             17,627                      3
                                                                                                                                                                                       2,1
 Decrease
   Decreaseofofone
                 oneyear
                      yearinin
                        Decrease
                               life
                                  life of
                                       xpectancy
                                       expectancy
                                            one   year in
                                                     Decrease
                                                            life of
                                                                 expectancy
                                                                      one year in life expectancy        (17,656)
                                                                                                           (17,656)            (1,927)
                                                                                                                                 (1,927)
                                                                                                                               (17,656)                        (426)
                                                                                                                                                                 (426)
                                                                                                                                                            (17,656)
                                                                                                                                                            (1,927)                     (4
                                                                                                                                                                                      (1,9

The
 Thesensitivity
       sensitivityanalysis
                   analysisabove
                    The    ensitivity
                            abovehavehave
                                      analysis
                                        The
                                          been
                                           been based
                                                above
                                               ensitivity
                                                 basedonhave
                                                          onaa
                                                          analysis
                                                              method
                                                              been
                                                               method
                                                                   above
                                                                    based
                                                                       that
                                                                         thaton
                                                                             havea method
                                                                               extrapolates
                                                                                   been
                                                                              extrapolatesbased
                                                                                            the
                                                                                             that
                                                                                               the on
                                                                                                 impact
                                                                                                   extrapolates
                                                                                                   impact
                                                                                                      a method
                                                                                                         ononthe    defined
                                                                                                                  that
                                                                                                                  defined
                                                                                                               thethe impact
                                                                                                                       extrapolates
                                                                                                                           benefit
                                                                                                                            benefit
                                                                                                                              on thethe
                                                                                                                                   obligation
                                                                                                                                    obligation
                                                                                                                                     defined
                                                                                                                                        impactbenefit
                                                                                                                                              asas
                                                                                                                                                 onathe
                                                                                                                                                 a    obligation
                                                                                                                                                        defined ba
 resultofofreasonable
result      reasonable
                    result of
                       changes
                         changesinin
                              reasonable
                                      key
                                       key
                                        result of
                                          assumptions
                                           assumptions
                                            changes       key
                                                  reasonable
                                                       in     assumptions
                                                           occurring
                                                          occurring
                                                                changes
                                                                    atathethe
                                                                            inend
                                                                               key
                                                                               endof
                                                                               occurring
                                                                                   assumptions
                                                                                   ofthe
                                                                                       the
                                                                                         year.
                                                                                          at
                                                                                           year.
                                                                                              the end of
                                                                                                    occurring
                                                                                                         the at
                                                                                                              year.the end of the year.
The
 Theweighted
     weightedaverage
              average
                The weighted
                     durations
                      durationsofof
                              average
                                  The
                                  the
                                    thedefined
                                       weighted
                                        defined average
                                               benefit
                                                benefit
                                        durations of the
                                                       obligations
                                                        obligations
                                                         defined
                                                          durationsare
                                                                 benefit
                                                                    areas
                                                                     of the
                                                                         asfollows:
                                                                          obligations
                                                                            defined
                                                                             follows: are
                                                                                     benefit
                                                                                          as follows:
                                                                                             obligations are as follows:

                                                                                                                                 Year
                                                                                                                                  Yearended
                                                                                                                                       endedSeptember
                                                                                                                                             September
                                                                                                                                                   Year
                                                                                                                                                      3030ended September
                                                                                                                                                                       Y
                                                                                                                                 2016
                                                                                                                                  2016                        2015
                                                                                                                                                               2015
                                                                                                                                                              2016                     2
                                                                                                                                            (in(inyears)
                                                                                                                                                   years)                (in years)


 U.K.
  U.K.                   U.K.                    U.K.                                                                              2020                         19
                                                                                                                                                                 19
                                                                                                                                                                20
 Germany
  Germany                Germany                 Germany                                                                           1515                         15
                                                                                                                                                                 15
                                                                                                                                                                15
 France
  France                 France                  France                                                                            1818                         18
                                                                                                                                                                 18
                                                                                                                                                                18
 Other
  Other                  Other                   Other                                                                             1313                         14
                                                                                                                                                                 14
                                                                                                                                                                13




92
                                                                                                               FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16.      Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The Company expects to contribute $19,161,000 to defined benefit plans during the next year, of which $16,046,000 relates to
the U.K. plans, and $3,115,000 relating to the other plans. The contributions will include new benefit accruals and deficit recovery
payments.

DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
The Company also operates defined contribution retirement plans. In some countries, contributions are made into state pension
plans. The pension cost for defined contribution plans amounted to $236,678,000 in 2016 ($228,746,000 in 2015).
In addition, in Sweden the Company contributes to a multi-employer plan, Alecta SE (“Alecta”) pension plan, which is a defined
benefit pension plan. This pension plan is classified as a defined contribution plan as sufficient information is not available to use
defined benefit accounting. Alecta lacks the possibility of establishing an exact distribution of assets and provisions to the respective
employers. The Company’s proportion of the total contributions to the plan is 0.77% and the Company’s proportion of the total
number of active members in the plan is 0.56%.
Alecta uses a collective funding ratio to determine the surplus or deficit in the pension plan. Any surplus or deficit in the plan will
affect the amount of future contributions payable. The collective funding is the difference between Alecta’s assets and the
commitments to the policy holders and insured individuals. The collective solvency is normally allowed to vary between 125%
and 155%, with the target being 140%. At September 30, 2016, Alecta’s collective funding ratio was 142% (148% in 2015). The
plan expense was $34,528,000 in 2016 ($38,052,000 in 2015). The Company expects to contribute $30,028,000 to the plan
during the next year.
OTHER BENEFIT PLANS
The Company maintains deferred compensation plans covering some of its U.S. and Germany management. Some of the plans
include assets that will be used to fund the liabilities. As at September 30, 2016, the deferred compensation liability totaled
$43,844,000 ($40,940,000 as at September 30, 2015) (Note 14) and the deferred compensation assets totaled $42,139,000
($38,238,000 as at September 30, 2015) (Note 10).
For the deferred compensation plan in U.S., a trust was established so that the plan assets could be segregated; however, the
assets are subject to the Company’s general creditors in the case of bankruptcy. The assets composed of investments vary with
employees’ contributions and changes in the value of the investments. The change in liabilities associated with the plan is equal
to the change of the assets. The assets in the trust and the associated liabilities totaled $41,423,000 as at September 30, 2016
($37,439,000 as at September 30, 2015).




                                                                                                                                    93
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17.      Accumulated other comprehensive income


                                                                                                        As at                  As at
                                                                                           September 30, 2016    September 30, 2015
                                                                                                           $                      $
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
  Net unrealized gains on translating financial statements of foreign operations, net of
   accumulated income tax expense of $69,777 as at September 30, 2016 ($72,873 as at
   September 30, 2015)                                                                               837,056             1,111,339
  Net losses on derivative financial instruments and on translating long-term debt
   designated as hedges of net investments in foreign operations, net of accumulated
   income tax recovery of $72,490 as at September 30, 2016 ($75,316 as at September
   30, 2015)                                                                                        (466,799)             (485,245)
  Net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges, net of accumulated income tax expense of
   $8,876 as at September 30, 2016 ($13,732 as at September 30, 2015)                                 13,931                32,228
  Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale investments, net of accumulated income tax
   expense of $965 as at September 30, 2016 ($925 as at September 30, 2015)                            2,947                  2,718

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
  Net remeasurement losses on defined benefit plans, net of accumulated income tax
   recovery of $25,160 as at September 30, 2016 ($19,820 as at September 30, 2015)                   (83,007)              (62,814)
                                                                                                     304,128               598,226

For the year ended September 30, 2016, $11,834,000 of the net unrealized gains previously recognized in other comprehensive
income, net of income tax expense of $6,725,000, were reclassified to net earnings for derivative financial instruments designated
as cash flow hedges ($9,092,000 of the net unrealized gains net of income tax expense of $4,101,000 for the year ended
September 30, 2015).




94
                                                                                                                                       FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


18.          Capital stock
Authorized, an unlimited number without par value:
First preferred shares, carrying one vote per share, ranking prior to second preferred shares, Class A subordinate shares and
Class B shares with respect to the payment of dividends;
Second preferred shares, non-voting, ranking prior to Class A subordinate shares and Class B shares with respect to the payment
of dividends;
Class A subordinate shares, carrying one vote per share, participating equally with Class B shares with respect to the payment
of dividends and convertible into Class B shares under certain conditions in the event of certain takeover bids on Class B shares;
Class B shares, carrying ten votes per share, participating equally with Class A subordinate shares with respect to the payment
of dividends and convertible at any time at the option of the holder into Class A subordinate shares.
For 2016 and 2015, the Class A subordinate and the Class B shares varied as follows:


                                                         Class A subordinate shares                          Class B shares                                    Total

                                                           Number      Carrying value            Number      Carrying value             Number       Carrying value
                                                                                      $                                     $                                      $
    As at September 30, 2014                         279,311,564            2,199,778        33,272,767              46,419       312,584,331            2,246,197
    Issued upon exercise of stock options1             3,187,455               67,028                  —                  —         3,187,455               67,028
    PSUs exercised2                                           —                 8,668                  —                  —                 —                8,668
    Repurchased and cancelled3                        (6,725,735)             (54,918)                 —                  —         (6,725,735)             (54,918)
    Repurchased and not cancelled3                            —                (1,631)               —                   —                 —                 (1,631)
    Purchased and held in trust4                              —               (11,099)               —                   —                 —               (11,099)
    As at September 30, 2015                         275,773,284            2,207,826        33,272,767              46,419       309,046,051            2,254,245
    Issued upon exercise of stock options1             5,283,485              111,405                  —                  —         5,283,485              111,405
    PSUs exercised2                                           —                21,250                  —                  —                 —               21,250
    Repurchased and cancelled3                        (9,519,875)            (170,374)                 —                  —         (9,519,875)           (170,374)
    Purchased and held in trust4                              —               (21,795)               —                   —                 —               (21,795)
    Conversion of shares5                                420,019                  586          (420,019)               (586)               —                    —
    As at September 30, 2016                         271,956,913            2,148,898        32,852,748              45,833       304,809,661            2,194,731
1
     The carrying value of Class A subordinate shares includes $21,972,000 ($13,474,000 in 2015), which corresponds to a reduction in contributed surplus representing
     the value of accumulated compensation costs associated with the stock options exercised during the year.
2
     During the year ended September 30, 2016, 969,241 PSUs were exercised (316,857 during the year ended September 30, 2015) with a recorded value of
     $21,250,000 ($8,668,000 as at September 30, 2015) that was removed from contributed surplus. As at September 30, 2016, 1,192,308 Class A subordinate shares
     were held in trust under the PSU plan (1,719,827 as at September 30, 2015) (Note 19b).
3
     On January 27, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the renewal of a Normal Course Issuer Bid (“NCIB”) for the purchase of up to 21,425,992 Class
     A subordinate shares for cancellation on the open market through the TSX. The Class A subordinate shares are available for purchase commencing February 11,
     2016, until no later than February 3, 2017, or on such earlier date when the Company completes its purchases or elects to terminate the bid.
     During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased 7,112,375 Class A subordinate shares from the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec
     for a cash consideration of $400,000,000. The excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $247,893,000 was charged to retained
     earnings. In accordance with the requirements of TSX, the repurchase is considered in the annual aggregate limit that the Company is entitled to repurchase under
     its current NCIB. In addition, during the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased 2,207,500 Class A subordinate shares under the previous
     NCIB for cash consideration of $117,820,000 and the excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $99,553,000 was charged to retained
     earnings.
     During the year ended September 30, 2015 the Company repurchased 6,925,735 Class A subordinate shares under the previous NCIB for cash consideration of
     $332,535,000 and the excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $275,986,000 was charged to retained earnings. As of September
     30, 2015, 200,000 of repurchased Class A subordinate shares with a carrying value of $1,631,000 and a purchase value of $9,466,000 were held by the Company
     and were paid and cancelled during the year ended September 30, 2016 under the previous NCIB.
4
     The trustee, in accordance with the terms of the PSU plan and a Trust Agreement, purchased 441,722 Class A subordinate shares of the Company on the open
     market for cash consideration of $21,795,000 during the year ended September 30, 2016 (288,535 Class A subordinate shares for $11,099,000 during the year
     ended September 30, 2015).
5
     During the year ended September 30, 2016, a shareholder converted 420,019 Class B shares into 420,019 Class A subordinate shares.




                                                                                                                                                                95
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19.      Share-based payments
a)    Stock options
Under the Company’s stock option plan, the Board of Directors may grant, at its discretion, stock options to purchase Class A
subordinate shares to certain employees, officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price is
established by the Board of Directors and is equal to the closing price of the Class A subordinate shares on the TSX on the day
preceding the date of the grant. Stock options generally vest over four years from the date of grant conditionally upon achievement
of objectives and must be exercised within a ten-year period, except in the event of retirement, termination of employment or
death. As at September 30, 2016, 35,145,143 Class A subordinate shares have been reserved for issuance under the stock option
plan.
The following table presents information concerning all outstanding stock options granted by the Company:

                                                                                              2016                                         2015
                                                                                        Weighted                                       Weighted
                                                                                average exercise                               average exercise
                                                          Number of options       price per share      Number of options         price per share
                                                                                                 $                                             $
 Outstanding, beginning of year                                20,629,392                    29.23            19,728,106                 22.88
 Granted                                                        3,882,977                    62.53             7,061,519                 44.20
 Exercised                                                     (5,283,485)                   16.93            (3,187,455)                16.80
 Forfeited                                                     (2,558,272)                   39.39            (2,972,778)                35.85
 Expired                                                          (46,993)                   14.22                    —                      —
 Outstanding, end of year                                      16,623,619                    39.40            20,629,392                  29.23
 Exercisable, end of year                                       7,798,604                    24.10            10,612,717                  18.55

The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised in 2016 was $58.65 ($46.48 in 2015).

The following table summarizes information about outstanding stock options granted by the Company as at September 30, 2016:

                                                                                      Options outstanding                   Options exercisable

                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                 average
                                                                               remaining         Weighted                        Weighted
                                              Range of        Number of   contractual life         average         Number of       average
                                         exercise price         options           (years)    exercise price          options exercise price
                                                     $                                                   $                                     $
                                          7.72 to 9.41         395,531               1.78             9.12           395,531               9.12
                                        11.39 to 13.26          822,710              2.49            12.28           822,710              12.28
                                        14.48 to 15.96        1,328,787              4.00            15.48         1,328,787              15.48
                                        19.28 to 21.31          376,291              5.00            19.74           376,291              19.74
                                        23.65 to 30.79        2,772,192              6.21            23.88         2,772,192              23.88
                                        34.68 to 38.79        2,246,237              7.31            37.19         1,496,521              37.13
                                        39.47 to 47.36        1,205,116              8.13            39.66           576,167              39.71
                                        47.81 to 56.69        3,844,955              8.99            48.45            30,405              51.37
                                        57.21 to 63.23        3,631,800              9.99            63.20                   —               —
                                                             16,623,619              7.47            39.40         7,798,604              24.10




96
                                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19.           Share-based payments (continued)
a)      Stock options (continued)
The fair value of stock options granted in the year and the weighted average assumptions used in the calculation of their fair
value on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model were as follows:

                                                                                                                                             Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                               2016                 2015
    Grant date fair value ($)                                                                                                                 13.11                 9.38
    Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                                         0.00                 0.00
    Expected volatility (%)1                                                                                                                  25.41                24.90
    Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                                                0.56                 0.98
    Expected life (years)                                                                                                                      4.00                 4.00
    Exercise price ($)                                                                                                                        62.53                44.20
    Share price ($)                                                                                                                           62.53                44.20

1
     Expected volatility was determined using statistical formulas and based on the weekly historical average of closing daily share prices over the period of the expected
     life of stock option.


b)      Performance share units
Under the PSU plan, the Board of Directors may grant PSUs to senior executives and other key employees (“participants”) which
entitle them to receive one Class A subordinate share for each PSU. The vesting performance conditions are determined by the
Board of Directors at the time of each grant. PSUs expire on the business day preceding December 31 of the third calendar year
following the end of the fiscal year during which the PSU award was made, except in the event of retirement, termination of
employment or death. Granted PSUs vest annually over a period of four years from the date of grant conditionally upon achievement
of objectives.
Class A subordinate shares purchased in connection with the PSU plan are held in trust for the benefit of the participants. The
trust, considered as a structured entity, is consolidated in the Company’s consolidated financial statements with the cost of the
purchased shares recorded as a reduction of capital stock (Note 18).
The following table presents information concerning the number of outstanding PSUs granted by the Company:

    Outstanding as at September 30, 2014                                                                                                                      1,748,149
    Granted1                                                                                                                                                    530,000
    Exercised                                                                                                                                                  (316,857)
    Forfeited                                                                                                                                                  (241,465)
    Outstanding as at September 30, 2015                                                                                                                      1,719,827
    Granted1                                                                                                                                                    570,000
    Exercised                                                                                                                                                  (969,241)
    Forfeited                                                                                                                                                  (128,278)
    Outstanding as at September 30, 2016                                                                                                                      1,192,308

1
     The PSUs granted in 2016 had a grant date fair value of $48.35 per unit ($37.84 in 2015).




                                                                                                                                                                    97
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19.          Share-based payments (continued)
c)     Share purchase plan
Under the share purchase plan, the Company contributes an amount equal to a percentage of the employee's basic contribution,
up to a maximum of 3.5%. An employee may make additional contributions in excess of the basic contribution however the
Company does not match contributions in the case of such additional contributions. The employee and Company contributions
are remitted to an independent plan administrator who purchases Class A subordinate shares on the open market on behalf of
the employee through either the TSX or New York Stock Exchange.

d)     Deferred share unit plan
External members of the Board of Directors (“participants”) are entitled to receive part or their entire retainer fee in DSUs. DSUs
are granted with immediate vesting and must be exercised no later than December 15 of the calendar year immediately following
the calendar year during which the participant ceases to act as a Director. Each DSU entitles the holder to receive a cash payment
equal to the closing price of Class A subordinate shares on the TSX on the payment date. As at September 30, 2016, the number
of outstanding DSUs was 107,856 (124,354 DSUs as at September 30, 2015).

e)     Share-based payment costs
The share-based payment expense recorded in costs of services, selling and administrative expenses is as follows:

                                                                                                                                        Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                        2016                  2015
                                                                                                                                            $                     $
    Stock options                                                                                                                    17,720                17,027
    PSUs                                                                                                                             20,579                13,387
    Share purchase plan                                                                                                              87,683                78,342
    DSUs                                                                                                                              2,916                 2,307
                                                                                                                                    128,898               111,063



20.          Earnings per share
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                              2016                                                            2015


                                                            Weighted average                                                 Weighted average
                                                            number of shares          Earnings per                           number of shares          Earnings per
                                     Net earnings               outstanding1                 share Net earnings                   outstanding1               share
                                                 $                                                $              $                                                $
    Basic                              1,068,716                 304,808,130                   3.51      977,556                 311,477,555                   3.14
    Net effect of dilutive stock
     options and PSUs2                                              7,965,026                                                       9,944,889
                                       1,068,716                 312,773,156                   3.42      977,556                 321,422,444                   3.04

1
     During the year ended September 30, 2016, 9,519,875 Class A subordinate shares repurchased and 1,192,308 Class A subordinate shares held in trust were
     excluded from the calculation of weighted average number of shares outstanding as of the date of transaction (6,925,735 and 1,719,827, respectively, during year
     ended September 30, 2015).
2
     The calculation of the diluted earnings per share excluded 3,842,800 stock options for the year ended September 30, 2016 (3,801,637 for the year ended September
     30, 2015), as they were anti-dilutive.




98
                                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


21.          Construction contracts in progress
Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements where the outcome of the arrangements
can be estimated reliably is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over the service periods. The Company
primarily uses labour costs or labour hours to measure the progress towards completion. If the outcome of an arrangement cannot
be estimated reliably, revenue is recognized to the extent of arrangement costs incurred that are likely to be recoverable.
Amounts recognized as revenue in excess of billings are classified as work in progress. Amounts received in advance of the
delivery of products or performances of services are classified as deferred revenue.
The status of the Company’s construction contracts still in progress at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                                                            As at                          As at
                                                                                                               September 30, 2016            September 30, 2015
                                                                                                                                  $                           $
    Recognized as:
    Revenue in the respective year                                                                                      1,443,169                    1,416,488
    Recognized as:
    Amounts due from customers under construction contracts1                                                              414,427                      351,246
    Amounts due to customers under construction contracts                                                                (105,187)                     (90,973)

1
     As at September 30, 2016, retentions held by customers for contract work in progress amounted to $72,277,000 ($65,989,000 as at September 30, 2015).



22.          Costs of services, selling and administrative

                                                                                                                                   Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                      2016                 2015
                                                                                                                                         $                    $
    Salaries and other member costs1                                                                                         6,254,917               6,050,985
    Professional fees and other contracted labour                                                                            1,243,143               1,220,994
    Hardware, software and data center related costs                                                                           795,347                 708,206
    Property costs                                                                                                             399,682                 390,728
    Amortization and depreciation (Note 23)                                                                                    394,054                 418,011
    Other operating expenses                                                                                                    33,786                  30,131
                                                                                                                             9,120,929               8,819,055
1
     Net of tax credits of $174,199,000 in 2016 ($113,416,000 in 2015).




                                                                                                                                                           99
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


23.          Amortization and depreciation

                                                                                                                                       Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                       2016                  2015
                                                                                                                                           $                     $
    Depreciation of PP&E1 (Note 6)                                                                                                 163,105               173,666
    Amortization of intangible assets (Note 8)                                                                                     176,895               186,306
    Impairment of intangible assets2 (Note 8)                                                                                           —                  5,289
    Amortization of contract costs related to transition costs                                                                      54,054                52,750
    Included in costs of services, selling and administrative (Note 22)                                                            394,054               418,011

    Amortization of contract costs related to incentives (presented as a reduction of revenue)                                        3,221                 3,327
    Amortization of deferred financing fees (presented in finance costs)                                                              1,154                 1,188
    Amortization of premiums and discounts on investments related to funds held for clients
     (presented net as a reduction of revenue)                                                                                        1,631                 1,518
                                                                                                                                   400,060               424,044
1
     Depreciation of PP&E acquired under finance leases was $14,471,000 in 2016 ($16,895,000 in 2015).
2
     The impairment of intangible assets, for the year ended September 30, 2015, relates to a business solution that was no longer expected to generate future
     economic benefits, and is included in the U.S. segment.



24.          Net finance costs

                                                                                                                                       Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                       2016                  2015
                                                                                                                                           $                     $
    Interest on long-term debt                                                                                                      70,257                86,252
    Net interest cost on the net defined benefit plans (Note 16)                                                                     6,237                 6,557
    Other finance costs                                                                                                              3,542                   766
    Finance costs                                                                                                                   80,036                93,575
    Finance income                                                                                                                  (1,610)                 (718)
                                                                                                                                    78,426                92,857



25.          Investments in subsidiaries
There were no significant acquisitions or disposals for the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.
On November 4, 2016, the Company announced the closing of the acquisition of Collaborative Consulting, LLC ("Collaborative
Consulting"), a system integration and consulting company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. The cash acquisition of all
unit holder positions of Collaborative Consulting was completed effective November 3, 2016.




100
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


26.       Supplementary cash flow information
a) Net change in non-cash working capital items is as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                          2016             2015
                                                                                                              $               $
 Accounts receivable                                                                                   (35,829)          23,335
 Work in progress                                                                                     (102,354)          23,553
 Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                                     (18,573)          39,157
 Long-term financial assets                                                                              (4,802)           979
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                               16,764          (36,720)
 Accrued compensation                                                                                  (43,528)         (46,399)
 Deferred revenue                                                                                        3,551          (72,405)
 Provisions                                                                                            (77,192)         (63,385)
 Long-term liabilities                                                                                 (11,897)         (57,665)
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                                        (1,150)             444
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                       (2,256)            (919)
 Income taxes                                                                                            9,393          (11,716)
                                                                                                      (267,873)        (201,741)


b) Non-cash operating, investing and financing activities related to operations are as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                          2016             2015
                                                                                                              $               $
 Operating activities
  Accounts receivable                                                                                      (15)             (67)
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                              36,139           17,774
  Provisions                                                                                             1,074               —
                                                                                                        37,198           17,707
 Investing activities
   Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                           (15,427)         (20,044)
   Additions of intangible assets                                                                      (32,608)         (13,720)
   Additions of long-term financial assets                                                                  —            (5,608)
                                                                                                       (48,035)         (39,372)
 Financing activities
   Increase in obligations under finance leases                                                          9,238           20,336
  Increase in obligations other than finance leases                                                      1,584           10,728
  Issuance of shares                                                                                        15               67
  Repurchase of Class A subordinate shares (Note 18)                                                        —            (9,466)
                                                                                                        10,837           21,665


c) Interest paid and received and income taxes paid are classified within operating activities and are as follows for the years
ended September 30:

                                                                                                          2016             2015
                                                                                                              $               $
 Interest paid                                                                                          82,369           88,894
 Interest received                                                                                       1,455             273
 Income taxes paid                                                                                     246,134         289,405


d) Cash and cash equivalents consisted fully of unrestricted cash as at September 30, 2016 and 2015.




                                                                                                                        101
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


27.          Segmented information
The following tables present information on the Company's operations based on its current management structure managed
through seven operating segments. Segment results are based on the location from which the services are delivered - the
geographic delivery model (Note 11).

                                                                                                                            Year ended September 30, 2016


                                                 U.S.       Nordics        Canada         France            U.K.          ECS    Asia Pacific           Total
                                                     $             $              $             $              $             $              $               $

    Segment revenue                        2,878,661     1,651,322      1,536,331     1,444,966      1,431,739      1,198,854       541,391      10,683,264
    Earnings before restructuring
     costs, net finance costs and
     income tax expense1                     486,295       186,742        345,483       174,685        154,262        114,256         98,588      1,560,311
    Restructuring costs                                                                                                                             (29,100)
    Net finance costs                                                                                                                               (78,426)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                  1,452,785
1
     Total amortization
           amortization and
                        and depreciation
                            depreciation of
                                         of $398,906,000
                                             $398,906,000included
                                                          includedinin he
                                                                       theinU.S.,
                                                                             U.S.,Nordics,
                                                                                   Nordics,Canada,
                                                                                            Canada,France,
                                                                                                    France,U.K.,
                                                                                                            U.K.,ECS
                                                                                                                  ECS and
                                                                                                                       andAsia
                                                                                                                          Asia Pacific
                                                                                                                               Pacific operating
                                                                                                                                       operating segments
                                                                                                                                                 segments was
     $94,744,000, $69,385,000, $58,695,000, $34,542,000, $79,342,000, $40,427,000 and $21,771,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2016.



                                                                                                                              Year ended September 30, 2015


                                                 U.S.        Nordics       Canada          France           U.K.          ECS     Asia Pacific          Total
                                                     $             $              $             $              $             $              $               $

    Segment revenue                        2,813,127     1,638,985      1,533,719     1,283,387      1,331,287      1,211,228       475,363      10,287,096
    Earnings before restructuring
     costs, net finance costs and
     income tax expense1                     454,325       153,841        343,692       146,615        163,603        118,141         77,091      1,457,308
    Restructuring costs                                                                                                                             (35,903)
    Net finance costs                                                                                                                               (92,857)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                  1,328,548
1
     Total amortization
           amortization and
                        and depreciation
                            depreciation of
                                         of $422,856,000
                                             $422,856,000included
                                                          includedinin he
                                                                       theinU.S.,
                                                                             U.S.,Nordics,
                                                                                   Nordics,Canada,
                                                                                            Canada,France,
                                                                                                    France,U.K.,
                                                                                                            U.K.,ECS
                                                                                                                  ECS and
                                                                                                                       andAsia
                                                                                                                          Asia Pacific
                                                                                                                               Pacific operating
                                                                                                                                       operating segments
                                                                                                                                                 segments was
     $115,367,000, $66,910,000, $69,152,000, $31,933,000, $71,888,000, $42,722,000 and $24,884,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2015.


The accounting policies of each operating segment are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting
policies (Note 3). Intersegment revenue is priced as if the revenue was from third parties.




102
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


27.        Segmented information (continued)
GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

The following table provides external revenue information based on the client’s location which is different from the revenue
presented under operating segments, due to the intersegment revenue:

                                                                                                        2016                  2015
                                                                                                           $                     $
U.S.                                                                                               2,969,506            2,985,577


Nordics
 Sweden                                                                                              829,080              847,737
 Finland                                                                                             648,981              637,564
 Others                                                                                              248,826              242,609
                                                                                                   1,726,887            1,727,910


Canada                                                                                             1,643,680            1,507,326


France
  France                                                                                           1,433,354            1,259,975
  Others                                                                                              38,690               33,893
                                                                                                   1,472,044            1,293,868


U.K.                                                                                               1,568,323            1,419,276


ECS
 Netherlands                                                                                         397,059              382,276
 Germany                                                                                             449,031              462,616
 Others                                                                                              318,991              348,423
                                                                                                   1,165,081            1,193,315
Asia Pacific
  Others                                                                                            137,743               159,824
                                                                                                    137,743               159,824
                                                                                                 10,683,264           10,287,096


The following table provides information for PP&E, contract costs and intangible assets based on their location:

                                                                                                        As at                 As at
                                                                                           September 30, 2016   September 30, 2015
                                                                                                           $                     $
  U.S.                                                                                               290,303              304,571
  Canada                                                                                             283,121              243,838
  U.K.                                                                                               234,743              267,714
  France                                                                                              76,654               85,752
  Sweden                                                                                              72,795               92,823
  Finland                                                                                             34,745               53,168
  Germany                                                                                             46,825               53,176
  Netherlands                                                                                         30,487               35,912
  Rest of the world                                                                                   90,419               94,201
                                                                                                   1,160,092            1,231,155




                                                                                                                           103
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


27.       Segmented information (continued)
INFORMATION ABOUT SERVICES
The following table provides revenue information based on services provided by the Company:

                                                                                                    2016                 2015
                                                                                                       $                    $
 Outsourcing
  IT Services                                                                                  4,680,329           4,543,278
  BPS                                                                                          1,099,342           1,042,352
 Systems integration and consulting                                                            4,903,593           4,701,466
                                                                                              10,683,264          10,287,096


MAJOR CLIENT INFORMATION
Contracts with the U.S. federal government and its various agencies, included within the U.S. segment, accounted for
$1,405,955,000 (13.2%) of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2016 ($1,437,877,000 (14%) for the year ended September
30, 2015).


28.       Related party transactions
a)    Transactions with subsidiaries
Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation. The Company
owns 100% of the equity interests of its principal subsidiaries.
The Company’s principal subsidiaries whose revenues, based on the geographic delivery model, represent more than 3% of the
consolidated revenues are as follows:

 Name of subsidiary                                                                                   Country of incorporation
CGI Technologies and Solutions Inc.                                                                            United States
CGI Federal Inc.                                                                                               United States
CGI Suomi Oy                                                                                                         Finland
CGI Sverige AB                                                                                                      Sweden
Conseillers en gestion et informatique CGI Inc.                                                                      Canada
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc.                                                              Canada
CGI France SAS                                                                                                        France
CGI IT UK Limited                                                                                            United Kingdom
CGI Nederland BV                                                                                                 Netherlands
CGI Deutschland Ltd & Co KG                                                                                        Germany
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Private Limited                                                      India


b)    Compensation of key management personnel
Compensation of key management personnel, defined as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, the Chief
Operating Officer and the Board of Directors including the President and Chief Executive Officer, was as follows:

                                                                                                    2016                 2015
                                                                                                       $                    $
 Short-term employee benefits                                                                     6,224                5,087
 Share-based payments                                                                            23,803               15,165




104
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


29.      Commitments, contingencies and guarantees
a)    Commitments
At September 30, 2016, the Company is committed under the terms of operating leases with various expiration dates up to 2026,
primarily for the rental of premises and computer equipment used in outsourcing contracts, in the aggregate amount of
approximately $687,294,000, excluding costs for services and taxes.
The future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are due as follows:

                                                                                                                                    $
 Less than one year                                                                                                          201,444
 Between one and two years                                                                                                   160,133
 Between two and five years                                                                                                  232,758
 Beyond five years                                                                                                            92,959

The majority of the lease agreements are renewable at the end of the lease period at market rates. The lease expenditure charged
to the earnings, during the year was $223,289,000 ($290,713,000 in 2015), net of sublease income of $19,220,000 ($29,256,000
in 2015). As at September 30, 2016, the total future minimum sublease payments expected to be received under non-cancellable
sublease were $25,801,000 ($97,442,000 as at September 30, 2015).
The Company entered into long-term service and other agreements representing a total commitment of $189,676,000. Minimum
payments under these agreements are due as follows:

                                                                                                                                    $
 Less than one year                                                                                                            85,825
 Between one and two years                                                                                                     64,719
 Between two and five years                                                                                                    38,819
 Beyond five years                                                                                                                313



b)    Contingencies
From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, claims and litigation which primarily relate to tax exposure,
contractual disputes and employee claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Certain of these matters seek damages
in significant amounts and will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Although the outcome
of such matters is not predictable with assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the disposition of any such current
matter could reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations
or the ability to carry on any of its business activities. Claims for which there is a probable unfavourable outcome are recorded
in provisions (Note 12).
In addition, the Company is engaged to provide services under contracts with the U.S. Government. The contracts are subject
to extensive legal and regulatory requirements and, from time to time, agencies of the U.S. Government investigate whether the
Company’s operations are being conducted in accordance with these requirements. Generally, the Government has the right to
change the scope of, or terminate, these projects at its convenience. The termination or reduction in the scope, of a major
government project could have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company.




                                                                                                                              105
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


29.      Commitments, contingencies and guarantees (continued)
c)    Guarantees
Sale of assets and business divestitures
In connection with the sale of assets and business divestitures, the Company may be required to pay counterparties for costs
and losses incurred as the result of breaches in contractual obligations, representations and warranties, intellectual property right
infringement and litigation against counterparties, among others. While some of the agreements specify a maximum potential
exposure of approximately $10,753,000 in total, others do not specify a maximum amount or limited period. It is not possible to
reasonably estimate the maximum amount that may have to be paid under such guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon
the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. No amount has
been accrued in the consolidated balance sheets relating to this type of indemnification as at September 30, 2016. The Company
does not expect to incur any potential payment in connection with these guarantees that could have a materially adverse effect
on its consolidated financial statements.
Other transactions
In the normal course of business, the Company may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and
performance bonds. In general, the Company would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if the Company refuses to
perform the project once the bid is awarded. The Company would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of default
in the performance of its obligations. As at September 30, 2016, the Company had committed a total of $30,877,000 of these
bonds. To the best of its knowledge, the Company is in compliance with its performance obligations under all service contracts
for which there is a performance or bid bond, and the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these guarantees would
not have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
Moreover, the Company has letters of credit for a total of $94,983,000 in addition to the letters of credit covered by the unsecured
committed revolving credit facility (Note 13). These guarantees are required in some of the Company’s contracts with customers.




106
                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30.       Financial instruments
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date.
The following table presents certain financial liabilities measured at amortized cost categorized using the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                              As at September 30, 2016             As at September 30, 2015
                                                           Level     Carrying amount        Fair value   Carrying amount         Fair value
                                                                                  $                  $                $                  $
 Financial liabilities for which fair value is disclosed
   Other liabilities
      Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes                 Level 2        1,733,036         1,855,143        1,765,180          1,839,478
      Unsecured committed term loan credit facility        Level 2               —                  —          129,222            129,385
      Other long-term debt                                 Level 2           24,562            22,843           23,437             22,049
                                                                          1,757,598         1,877,986        1,917,839          1,990,912



The following table presents financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value categorized using the fair value hierarchy:


                                                           Level              As at September 30, 2016             As at September 30, 2015
                                                                                                    $                                     $
 Financial assets
  Financial assets at fair value through earnings
     Cash and cash equivalents                             Level 2                           596,529                              305,262
     Deferred compensation plan assets                     Level 1                            42,139                               38,238
                                                                                             638,668                              343,500
  Derivative financial instruments designated as
    hedging instruments
      Current derivative financial instruments             Level 2                             22,226                               26,567
      Long-term derivative financial instruments           Level 2                             49,759                               30,771
                                                                                               71,985                               57,338
   Available-for-sale
     Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients    Level 2                           195,976                              196,964
     Long-term investments                                 Level 2                            27,246                               42,202
                                                                                             223,222                              239,166
 Financial liabilities
  Derivative financial instruments designated as
     hedging instruments
      Current derivative financial instruments             Level 2                              4,517                               28,106
      Long-term derivative financial instruments           Level 2                             46,473                                  225
                                                                                               50,990                               28,331

There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.




                                                                                                                                   107
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30.       Financial instruments (continued)
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)
The following table summarizes the fair value of outstanding derivative financial instruments:

                                                                                  Recorded in derivative              As at                 As at
                                                                                   financial instruments September 30, 2016   September 30, 2015
                                                                                                                         $                     $
Hedges on net investments in foreign operations
$831,400 cross-currency swaps in euro designated as a hedging instrument of         Long-term assets                31,603                    —
  the Company’s net investment in European operations ($109,730 as at
  September 30, 2015)                                                                Current liabilities                —                22,297

Cash flow hedges on future revenue
nil foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the expected      Current liabilities                —                  2,478
   foreign currency exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Canadian
   dollar (U.S.$9,000 as at September 30, 2015)

U.S.$31,033 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the        Current assets                 3,358                 1,388
  expected foreign currency exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the                                               —                  1,284
                                                                                    Long-term assets
  Indian rupee (U.S.$42,296 as at September 30, 2015)
                                                                                     Current liabilities                58                 1,220
                                                                                  Long-term liabilities                 —                     86

$116,700 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the           Current assets                11,935               14,795
  expected foreign currency exchange rate between the Canadian dollar and                                            7,429               16,212
  the Indian rupee ($151,916 as at September 30, 2015)                              Long-term assets

 kr55,500 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability                  Current assets                1,463                 1,279
    in the expected foreign currency exchange rate between the
    Swedish krona and the Indian rupee (kr77,100 as at September 30, 2015)          Long-term assets                    —                    879

€8,900 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the              Current assets                  376                    —
  expected foreign currency exchange rate between the euro and the Indian
  rupee (€7,300 as at September 30, 2015)                                            Current liabilities                —                    441

£15,200 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the            Current assets                 5,094                    59
  expected foreign currency exchange rate between the British pound and the                                             —
                                                                                    Long-term assets                                          12
  Indian rupee (£25,200 as at September 30, 2015)
                                                                                     Current liabilities                —                     47
                                                                                  Long-term liabilities                 —                    139

€52,700 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the            Current assets                    —                  9,044
  expected foreign currency exchange rate between the euro and the British                                              —                  8,254
                                                                                    Long-term assets
  pound (€84,000 as at September 30, 2015)
                                                                                     Current liabilities             3,626                    —
                                                                                  Long-term liabilities                350                    —

nil foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the expected      Current liabilities                —                    339
   foreign currency exchange rate between the euro and the Swedish krona
   (€5,000 as at September 30, 2015)

 €8,300 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the            Current assets                    —                      2
   expected foreign currency exchange rate between the euro                                                            710                   198
   and the Moroccan dirham (€7,000 as at September 30, 2015)                         Current liabilities

 €8,300 foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the           Current liabilities               123                    —
   expected foreign currency exchange rate between the euro
   and the Czech koruna (nil as at September 30, 2015)

Cash flow hedges on unsecured committed term loan credit facility
nil interest rate swaps floating-to-fixed ($109,730 as at                            Current liabilities                —                  1,086
     September 30, 2015)




108
                                                                                                                FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30.       Financial instruments (continued)
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)

                                                                            Recorded in derivative              As at                 As at
                                                                             financial instruments September 30, 2016   September 30, 2015
                                                                                                                   $                     $
Cash flow hedges on Senior U.S. unsecured notes
U.S.$600,000 cross-currency swaps to Canadian dollar (nil as at September   Long-term liabilities             46,123                    —
  30, 2015)

Fair value hedges on Senior U.S. unsecured notes
U.S.$250,000 interest rate swaps fixed-to-floating (U.S.$250,000              Long-term assets                10,727                 4,130
   as at September 30, 2015)



Valuation techniques used to value financial instruments are as follows:
      -   The fair value of Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes, the unsecured committed term loan credit facility and the other
          long-term debt is estimated by discounting expected cash flows at rates currently offered to the Company for debts of
          the same remaining maturities and conditions;
      -   The fair value of long-term bonds included in funds held for clients and in long-term investments is determined by
          discounting the future cash flows using observable inputs, such as interest rate yield curves or credit spreads, or
          according to similar transactions on an arm's-length basis;

      -   The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the end of the reporting
          period;

      -   The fair value of cross-currency swaps and interest rate swaps is determined based on market data (primarily yield
          curves, exchange rates and interest rates) to calculate the present value of all estimated flows;
      -   The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is determined using observable quotes.
As at September 30, 2016, there were no changes in valuation techniques.
The Company expects that approximately $18,530,000 of the accumulated net unrealized gain on derivative financial instruments
designated as cash flow hedges as at September 30, 2016 will be reclassified in the consolidated statements of earnings in the
next 12 months.
During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company’s hedging relationships were effective.


MARKET RISK
Market risk incorporates a range of risks. Movements in risk factors, such as interest rate risk and currency risk, affect the fair
values of financial assets and liabilities.
Interest rate risk
The Company has interest rate swaps whereby the Company receives a fixed rate of interest and pays interest at a variable rate
on the notional amount of a portion of its Senior U.S. unsecured notes. These swaps are being used to hedge the exposure to
changes in the fair value of the debt.
The Company was also exposed to interest rate risk on its unsecured committed term loan credit facility and held interest rate
swaps that mitigated this risk on a portion of that debt. Under these interest rate swaps, the Company received a variable rate
of interest and paid interest at a fixed rate on the notional amount. Following the repayment of this debt during the year ended
September 30, 2016, the Company settled the related floating-to-fixed interest rate swap with a notional amount of $109,730,000
(Note 13).
The Company analyzes its interest rate risk exposure on an ongoing basis using various scenarios to simulate refinancing or the
renewal of existing positions. Based on these scenarios, a change in the interest rate of 1% would not have had a significant
impact on net earnings and comprehensive income.


                                                                                                                                   109
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30.      Financial instruments (continued)
MARKET RISK (CONTINUED)
Currency risk
The Company operates internationally and is exposed to risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company
mitigates this risk principally through foreign currency denominated debt and derivative financial instruments. The Company uses
the following derivative financial instruments which are foreign currency forward contracts to hedge contractual cash flows or
forecasted cash flows in currencies other than the functional currency of its subsidiaries.
The Company hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its U.S. and European operations into
Canadian dollar with unsecured committed term loan credit facility, Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes. The Company also
hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its European operations with cross-currency swaps.
During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company entered into Canadian dollar to euro cross-currency swap agreements
for a notional amount of $831,400,000 designated as hedging instruments of the Company’s net investment in European
operations.
During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company settled cross-currency swaps with a notional amount of $109,730,000
($859,070,000 for the year ended September 30, 2015) for a net amount of $24,057,000 ($121,615,000 for the year ended
September 30, 2015). The loss on settlements was recognized in other comprehensive income and will be transferred to earnings
when the net investment is disposed of.
During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company has entered into cross-currency swap agreements, for a notional
amount of U.S.$600,000,000, related to its Senior U.S. unsecured notes. The cross-currency swaps are designated as cash flow
hedges to offset the variability in the exchange rate between the U.S. and Canadian dollar.
The Company has also entered into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in various foreign currency exchange
rates on future revenues.
Hedging relationships are designated and documented at inception and quarterly effectiveness assessments are performed during
the year.
The Company is mainly exposed to fluctuations in the Swedish krona, the U.S. dollar, the euro and the British pound. The following
table details the Company’s sensitivity to a 10% strengthening of the Swedish krona, the U.S. dollar, the euro and the British
pound foreign currency rates on net earnings and comprehensive income against the Canadian dollar. The sensitivity analysis
on net earnings presents the impact of foreign currency denominated financial instruments and adjusts their translation at period
end for a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis on other comprehensive income presents the
impact of a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates on the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts designated as
cash flow hedges and on net investment hedges.

                                                                          2016                                               2015

                                                                        British                                             British
                                  Swedish    U.S. dollar      euro       pound        Swedish    U.S. dollar       euro     pound
                              krona impact      impact      impact      impact    krona impact      impact       impact    impact
 (Decrease) increase in net
  earnings                           (913)      (1,581)     2,964         (450)            12      (2,095)      (6,014)   (3,645)
 Decrease in other
  comprehensive income               (847)     (85,380)    (92,264)     (2,581)       (1,223)    (170,039)     (41,048)    (6,149)




110
                                                                                                                FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30.       Financial instruments (continued)
LIQUIDITY RISK
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company is not able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or can do so only at excessive
cost. The Company’s activities are financed through a combination of the cash flows from operations, borrowing under existing
credit facilities, the issuance of debt and the issuance of equity. One of management’s primary goals is to maintain an optimal
level of liquidity through the active management of the assets and liabilities as well as the cash flows.
The following table summarizes the carrying amount and the contractual maturities of both the interest and principal portion of
significant financial liabilities. All amounts contractually denominated in foreign currency are presented in Canadian dollar
equivalent amounts using the period-end spot rate.

                                                                                               Between one        Between
                                                     Carrying     Contractual Less than one             and    two and five        Beyond
 As at September 30, 2016                             amount       cash flows          year       two years          years      five years
                                                           $                $             $              $                $              $
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities         1,107,863      1,107,863       1,107,863            —               —             —
  Accrued compensation                               523,553        523,553         523,553            —               —             —
  Senior U.S. & euro unsecured notes               1,733,036      2,083,673         178,105       130,140         786,108       989,320
  Obligations other than finance leases              111,205        115,362          48,860        35,668          30,834              —
  Obligations under finance leases                    42,172         44,205          19,716        11,789          11,932            768
  Other long-term debt                                24,562         24,687          15,404         1,187           3,797          4,299
  Clients’ funds obligations                         365,994        365,994         365,994             —               —              —
 Derivative financial (assets) liabilities
  Cash flow hedges on future revenue                  (24,788)
      Outflow                                                          4,813          4,454            359              —              —
      (Inflow)                                                       (31,221)       (22,510)        (3,945)         (4,766)            —
  Cross-currency swaps                                14,520
      Outflow                                                        865,655         17,906        83,678         536,888       227,183
      (Inflow)                                                      (917,944)       (30,315)       (95,920)      (558,094)     (233,615)
  Interest rate swaps                                 (10,727)
      Outflow                                                         68,273         12,413        12,413          37,240          6,207
      (Inflow)                                                       (90,025)       (16,368)       (16,368)       (49,105)        (8,184)
                                                    3,887,390     4,164,888       2,225,075       159,001         794,834       985,978




                                                                                                                                 111
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes
Notesto
      tothe
         theConsolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                  Statements
For
  Forthe
       theyears
           yearsended
                 endedSeptember
                        September30,  30,2016
                                          2016and
                                                and2015
                                                    2015
(tabular
  (tabularamounts
            amountsonly
                    onlyare
                         areininthousands
                                  thousandsofofCanadian
                                                Canadiandollars,
                                                         dollars,except
                                                                  exceptper
                                                                         pershare
                                                                             sharedata)
                                                                                   data)


30.
 30.       Financial
            Financialinstruments
                      instruments(continued)
                                  (continued)
LIQUIDITY
 LIQUIDITYRISK
           RISK(CONTINUED)
                (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                            Between
                                                                                                             Betweenoneone       Between
                                                                                                                                   Between
                                                            Carrying
                                                              Carrying    Contractual
                                                                            Contractual Less
                                                                                         Lessthan
                                                                                               thanone
                                                                                                     one              and
                                                                                                                       and   two
                                                                                                                               twoand
                                                                                                                                    andfive
                                                                                                                                          five       Beyond
                                                                                                                                                        Beyond
  AsAsatatSeptember
           September30,
                     30,2015
                         2015                                amount
                                                               amount      cash
                                                                             cashflows
                                                                                   flows          year
                                                                                                    year       two
                                                                                                                 twoyears
                                                                                                                     years           years
                                                                                                                                      years       five
                                                                                                                                                     fiveyears
                                                                                                                                                          years
                                                                 $$                   $$              $$               $$                  $$                $$
 Non-derivative
  Non-derivativefinancial
                  financialliabilities
                             liabilities
   Accounts
    Accountspayable
             payableand
                     andaccrued
                         accruedliabilities
                                  liabilities             1,113,636
                                                           1,113,636      1,113,636
                                                                           1,113,636        1,113,636
                                                                                             1,113,636                ——                 ——               ——
   Accrued
    Accruedcompensation
            compensation                                    571,883
                                                             571,883        571,883
                                                                             571,883          571,883
                                                                                               571,883                ——                 ——               ——
   Senior
    SeniorU.S.
           U.S.&&euro
                  eurounsecured
                       unsecurednotes
                                 notes                    1,765,180
                                                           1,765,180      2,196,917
                                                                           2,196,917           70,053
                                                                                                70,053         181,860
                                                                                                                181,860         618,368
                                                                                                                                 618,368         1,326,636
                                                                                                                                                  1,326,636
   Unsecured
    Unsecuredcommitted
              committedterm
                         termloan
                               loancredit
                                     creditfacility
                                             facility       129,222
                                                             129,222        131,161
                                                                             131,161          131,161
                                                                                               131,161                ——                 ——               ——
   Obligations
    Obligationsother
                otherthan
                       thanfinance
                             financeleases
                                      leases                152,078
                                                             152,078        159,839
                                                                             159,839           63,901
                                                                                                63,901           43,991
                                                                                                                  43,991          51,552
                                                                                                                                   51,552               395
                                                                                                                                                         395
   Obligations
    Obligationsunder
                underfinance
                       financeleases
                                leases                       57,170
                                                              57,170          59,615
                                                                               59,615          32,719
                                                                                                32,719           14,492
                                                                                                                  14,492          10,535
                                                                                                                                   10,535            1,869
                                                                                                                                                      1,869
   Other
    Otherlong-term
           long-termdebt
                     debt                                    23,437
                                                              23,437          23,711
                                                                               23,711          10,335
                                                                                                10,335            3,916
                                                                                                                   3,916            4,079
                                                                                                                                     4,079           5,381
                                                                                                                                                      5,381
   Clients’
    Clients’funds
              fundsobligations
                    obligations                             492,965
                                                             492,965        492,965
                                                                             492,965          492,965
                                                                                               492,965                ——                 ——               ——
 Derivative
  Derivativefinancial
              financial(assets)
                         (assets)liabilities
                                   liabilities
   Cash
    Cashflow
          flowhedges
               hedgesononfuture
                           futurerevenue
                                   revenue                  (48,260)
                                                              (48,260)
       Outflow
        Outflow                                                                5,094
                                                                                5,094            4,840
                                                                                                  4,840             254
                                                                                                                     254                 ——               ——
       (Inflow)
         (Inflow)                                                            (57,516)
                                                                               (57,516)        (27,374)
                                                                                                 (27,374)       (19,461)
                                                                                                                  (19,461)       (10,681)
                                                                                                                                   (10,681)               ——
   Cross-currency
    Cross-currencyswaps
                   swaps                                     22,297
                                                              22,297
       Outflow
        Outflow                                                             134,049
                                                                             134,049          134,049
                                                                                               134,049                ——                 ——               ——
       (Inflow)
         (Inflow)                                                           (112,276)
                                                                              (112,276)      (112,276)
                                                                                               (112,276)              ——                 ——               ——
   Interest
     Interestrate
               rateswaps
                    swaps                                     (3,044)
                                                                (3,044)
       Outflow
        Outflow                                                             631,605
                                                                             631,605          232,764
                                                                                               232,764           11,612
                                                                                                                  11,612          34,836
                                                                                                                                   34,836         352,393
                                                                                                                                                   352,393
       (Inflow)
         (Inflow)                                                           (663,713)
                                                                              (663,713)      (236,804)
                                                                                               (236,804)        (16,715)
                                                                                                                  (16,715)       (50,146)
                                                                                                                                   (50,146)      (360,048)
                                                                                                                                                   (360,048)
                                                          4,276,564
                                                           4,276,564      4,686,970
                                                                           4,686,970        2,481,852
                                                                                             2,481,852         219,949
                                                                                                                219,949         658,543
                                                                                                                                 658,543         1,326,626
                                                                                                                                                  1,326,626

AsAsatatSeptember
           September30,  30,2016,
                               2016,the  theCompany
                                               Companyheld   heldcash
                                                                   cashand
                                                                         andcashcashequivalents
                                                                                        equivalentsandandlong-term
                                                                                                             long-terminvestments
                                                                                                                           investmentsofof$623,775,000
                                                                                                                                            $623,775,000
($347,464,000
  ($347,464,000asasatatSeptember
                            September30,    30,2015).
                                                 2015).The
                                                         TheCompany
                                                               Companyalsoalsohadhadavailable
                                                                                      available$1,466,086,000
                                                                                                 $1,466,086,000ininunsecured
                                                                                                                         unsecuredcommitted
                                                                                                                                      committedrevolving
                                                                                                                                                revolving
credit
  creditfacility
          facility($1,456,776,000
                    ($1,456,776,000asasatatSeptember
                                                  September30,   30,2015).
                                                                      2015).The
                                                                              Thefunds
                                                                                    fundsheld
                                                                                            heldfor
                                                                                                  forclients
                                                                                                      clientsofof$369,530,000
                                                                                                                    $369,530,000($496,397,000
                                                                                                                                     ($496,397,000asasatat
September
  September30,   30,2015)
                      2015)fully
                             fullycovered
                                   coveredthe  theclients’
                                                   clients’funds
                                                             fundsobligations.
                                                                    obligations.AsAsatatSeptember
                                                                                         September30, 30,2016,
                                                                                                           2016,trade
                                                                                                                   tradeaccounts
                                                                                                                           accountsreceivable
                                                                                                                                    receivableamounted
                                                                                                                                               amounted
toto$816,885,000
     $816,885,000($889,192,000
                       ($889,192,000asasatatSeptember
                                                  September30,  30,2015).
                                                                     2015).Given
                                                                             GiventhetheCompany’s
                                                                                         Company’savailable
                                                                                                        availableliquid
                                                                                                                    liquidresources
                                                                                                                            resourcesasascompared
                                                                                                                                          comparedtotothe
                                                                                                                                                        the
timing
  timingofofthe
              thepayments
                   paymentsofofliabilities,
                                   liabilities,management
                                                managementassesses
                                                                 assessesthe theCompany’s
                                                                                  Company’sliquidity
                                                                                               liquidityrisk
                                                                                                          risktotobe
                                                                                                                   below.
                                                                                                                       low.




112
                                                                                                              FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30.      Financial instruments (continued)
CREDIT RISK
The Company takes on exposure to credit risk, which is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to pay amounts in full when
due. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash
equivalents, accounts receivable and long-term investments. The maximum exposure of credit risk is generally represented by
the carrying amount of these items reported on the consolidated balance sheets.
The Company is exposed to credit risk in connection with long-term investments through the possible inability of borrowers to
meet the terms of their obligations. The Company mitigates this risk by investing primarily in high credit quality corporate and
government bonds with a credit rating of A or higher.
The Company has accounts receivable derived from clients engaged in various industries including governmental agencies,
finance, telecommunications, manufacturing and utilities that are not concentrated in any specific geographic area. These specific
industries may be affected by economic factors that may impact trade accounts receivable. However, management does not
believe that the Company is subject to any significant credit risk in view of the Company’s large and diversified client base. Overall,
management does not believe that any single industry or geographic region represents a significant credit risk to the Company.
The following table sets forth details of the age of trade accounts receivable that are past due:

                                                                                                           2016                   2015
                                                                                                              $                      $
 Not past due                                                                                          684,454                737,332
 Past due 1-30 days                                                                                     76,339                 84,425
 Past due 31-60 days                                                                                    19,415                 28,825
 Past due 61-90 days                                                                                    10,749                 13,046
 Past due more than 90 days                                                                             31,241                 30,741
                                                                                                       822,198                894,369
 Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                        (5,313)                (5,177)
                                                                                                       816,885                889,192



The carrying amount of trade accounts receivable is reduced by an allowance account and the amount of the loss is recognized
in the consolidated statements of earnings within costs of services, selling and administrative. When a receivable balance is
considered uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously
written off are credited against costs of services, selling and administrative in the consolidated statements of earnings.




                                                                                                                               113
Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31.          Capital risk management
The Company is exposed to risks of varying degrees of significance which could affect its ability to achieve its strategic objectives
for growth. The main objectives of the Company’s risk management process are to ensure that risks are properly identified and
that the capital base is adequate in relation to these risks.
The Company manages its capital to ensure that there are adequate capital resources while maximizing the return to shareholders
through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. As at September 30, 2016, total managed capital was $8,999,358,000
($8,556,720,000 as at September 30, 2015). Managed capital consists of long-term debt, including the current portion (Note 13),
cash and cash equivalents, long-term investments (Note 10) and shareholders’ equity. The basis for the Company’s capital
structure is dependent on the Company’s expected business growth and changes in the business environment. When capital
needs have been specified, the Company’s management proposes capital transactions for the approval of the Company’s Audit
and Risk Management Committee and Board of Directors. The capital risk policy remains unchanged from prior periods.
The Company monitors its capital by reviewing various financial metrics, including the following:

-    Net Debt/Capitalization

-    Debt/EBITDA
Net debt, capitalization and EBITDA are additional measures. Net debt represents debt (including the current portion and the fair
value of derivative financial instruments) less cash and cash equivalents and long-term investments. Capitalization is shareholders’
equity plus debt. EBITDA is calculated as earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, finance costs, depreciation,
amortization and restructuring costs. The Company believes that the results of the current internal ratios are consistent with its
capital management objectives.
The Company is subject to external covenants on its Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes and unsecured committed term loan
credit facility. The ratios are as follows:

-    A leverage ratio, which is the ratio of total debt to EBITDA for the four most recent quarters1.

-    An interest and rent coverage ratio, which is the ratio of the EBITDAR for the four most recent quarters to the total finance
     costs and the operating rentals in the same periods. EBITDAR, a non-GAAP measure, is calculated as EBITDA before rent
     expense1.

-    In the case of the Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes, a minimum net worth is required, whereby shareholders’ equity,
     excluding foreign exchange translation adjustments included in accumulated other comprehensive income, cannot be less
     than a specified threshold.
These ratios are calculated on a consolidated basis.
The Company is in compliance with these covenants and monitors them on an ongoing basis. The ratios are also reviewed
quarterly by the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee. The Company is not subject to any other externally imposed
capital requirements.

1
    In the event of an acquisition, the available historical financial information of the acquired Company will be used in the computation of the ratios.




114
                                         FISCAL 2016 RESULTS




[ This page intentionally left blank ]




                                                      115
Shareholder Information


Shareholder information listing                                           Transfer agent
IPO: 1986                                                                 Computershare Trust Company of Canada
Toronto Stock Exchange, April 1992: GIB.A                                 100 University Avenue, 9th Floor
New York Stock Exchange, October 1998: GIB                                Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1
Number of shares outstanding as of September 30, 2016:                    Telephone: 1 800 564-6253
271,956,913 Class A subordinate shares                                    www.investorcentre.com/service
32,852,748 Class B shares
                                                                          Investor relations
High/low of share price from October 1, 2015
                                                                          For further information about the Company, additional copies of this
to September 30, 2016:
                                                                          report or other financial information, please contact:
                                  TSX (CDN$)               NYSE (U.S.$)
                                                                          CGI Group Inc.
High:                               65.84                      50.58      Investor Relations
Low:                                46.91                      35.38      Email: ir@cgi.com
                                                                          Web: cgi.com/investors
                                                                          1350 René-Lévesque Blvd West
                                                                          Montréal, Québec H3G 1T4
The certifications required by National Instrument 52-109
                                                                          Canada
Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings
                                                                          Tel.: 514-841-3200
whereby CGI’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
certify the accuracy of the information contained in the Company’s        Annual general meeting of shareholders
annual information form, annual financial statements and annual
                                                                          Wednesday, February 1, 2017 at 11:00 a.m.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis are filed with the applicable
                                                                          Le Ritz-Carlton Montréal
Canadian securities authorities in Canada on SEDAR (sedar.com).
                                                                          Oval Room
Similar certifications required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the U.S.
                                                                          1228 Sherbrooke Street West
Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
                                                                          Montréal, Québec H3G 1H6
of 2002 are included as exhibits to our Form 40-F which is filed with
                                                                          Canada
the US Securities and Exchange Commission on EDGAR (sec.gov).
Furthermore, the certification required by Section 303A.12 of the         A live webcast of the Annual General Meeting will be available via
NYSE Listed Company Manual is filed annually with the New York            cgi.com/investors. Complete instructions for viewing the webcast
Stock Exchange. CGI’s corporate governance practices do not differ        will be available on CGI’s website. To vote by phone or by using
in any material respect from those required of domestic companies         the Internet, please refer to the instructions provided in the CGI
under New York Stock Exchange listing standards. A summary of             Management Proxy Circular.
these practices is set out in the report of the Corporate Governance      The online version of CGI’s annual report is available at
Committee contained in the Company’s Management Proxy Circular            cgi.com/investors.
which is filed annually with the applicable securities authorities        Le rapport annuel 2016 de CGI est aussi publié en français
in Canada and the United States and which is made available on            et disponible sur cgi.com/investisseurs.
SEDAR and EDGAR, respectively, as well as on CGI’s website
(cgi.com).

Auditors
Ernst & Young LLP




116
Founded in 1976, CGI is one of the largest IT and business process services providers
in the world. With 68,000 professionals operating in hundreds of locations around the
globe, CGI helps clients become customer-centric digital organizations. We deliver
high-quality business consulting, systems integration and transformational outsourcing
services, complemented by more than 150 IP-based solutions, to support clients in
transforming into digital enterprises end-to-end. CGI works with clients across the globe
through a unique client proximity and best-fit global delivery model to accelerate their
digital transformation and drive competitive advantage.

cgi.com




© 2016 CGI Group Inc.
