Fiscal 2020
results
Contents
1		    Management’s Discussion and Analysis

67		   Management’s and Auditors’ Reports

71		   Consolidated Financial Statements

134    Shareholder Information
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis

      November 11, 2020



      Basis of Presentation
      This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the Financial Position and Results of Operations (MD&A) is the responsibility
      of management and has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. This MD&A has been prepared in accordance
      with the requirements of the Canadian Securities Administrators. The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for reviewing
      and approving the MD&A. The Board of Directors carries out this responsibility mainly through its Audit and Risk Management
      Committee, which is appointed by the Board of Directors and is comprised entirely of independent and financially literate
      directors.

      Throughout this document, CGI Inc. is referred to as “CGI”, “we”, “our” or “Company”. This MD&A provides information
      management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated results of operations and financial
      condition of the Company. This document should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements
      and the notes thereto for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019. CGI’s accounting policies are in accordance with
      International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). All
      dollar amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted.



      Materiality of Disclosures
      This MD&A includes information we believe is material to investors. We consider something to be material if it results in, or
      would reasonably be expected to result in, a significant change in the market price or value of our shares, or if it is likely that
      a reasonable investor would consider the information to be important in making an investment decision.



      Forward-Looking Statements
     This MD&A contains “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities laws and “forward-looking
     statements” within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other applicable
     United States safe harbours. All such forward-looking information and statements are made and disclosed in reliance upon
     the safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian and United States securities laws. Forward-looking information and
     statements include all information and statements regarding CGI’s intentions, plans, expectations, beliefs, objectives, future
     performance, and strategy, as well as any other information or statements that relate to future events or circumstances and
     which do not directly and exclusively relate to historical facts. Forward-looking information and statements often but not always
     use words such as “believe”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “anticipate”, “foresee”, “plan”, “predict”, “project”, “aim”, “seek”,
     “strive”, “potential”, “continue”, “target”, “may”, “might”, “could”, “should”, and similar expressions and variations thereof. These
     information and statements are based on our perception of historic trends, current conditions and expected future
     developments, as well as other assumptions, both general and specific, that we believe are appropriate in the circumstances.
     Such information and statements are, however, by their very nature, subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, of which many
     are beyond the control of the Company, and which give rise to the possibility that actual results could differ materially from
     our expectations expressed in, or implied by, such forward-looking information or forward-looking statements. These risks and
     uncertainties include but are not restricted to: risks related to the market such as the level of business activity of our clients,
     which is affected by economic and political conditions, external risks (such as pandemics) and our ability to negotiate new
     contracts; risks related to our industry such as competition and our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, to develop
     and expand our services, to penetrate new markets, and to protect our intellectual property rights; risks related to our business
     such as risks associated with our growth strategy, including the integration of new operations, financial and operational risks
     inherent in worldwide operations, foreign exchange risks, income tax laws, our ability to negotiate favourable contractual terms,
     to deliver our services and to collect receivables, and the reputational and financial risks attendant to cybersecurity breaches
     and other incidents; as well as other risks identified or incorporated by reference in this MD&A and in other documents that
     we make public, including our filings with the Canadian Securities Administrators (on SEDAR at www.sedar.com) and the U.S.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                           Page    1
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 1
     Management's Discussion and Analysis




     Securities and Exchange Commission (on EDGAR at www.sec.gov). For a discussion of risks in response to the coronavirus
     (COVID-19) pandemic, see Pandemic Risks in section 10.1.1. of the present document. Unless otherwise stated, the forward-
     looking information and statements contained in this MD&A are made as of the date hereof and CGI disclaims any intention
     or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking information or forward-looking statements, whether as a result
     of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. While we believe that our assumptions
     on which these forward-looking information and forward-looking statements are based were reasonable as at the date of this
     MD&A, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking information or statements. Furthermore,
     readers are reminded that forward-looking information and statements are presented for the sole purpose of assisting investors
     and others in understanding our objectives, strategic priorities and business outlook as well as our anticipated operating
     environment. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes. Further information on
     the risks that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from our current expectations may be found in section 10 -
     Risk Environment, which is incorporated by reference in this cautionary statement. We also caution readers that the risks
     described in the previously mentioned section and in other sections of this MD&A are not the only ones that could affect us.
     Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a
     material adverse effect on our financial position, financial performance, cash flows, business or reputation.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                       Page   2
      2
      Non-GAAP and Key Performance Measures
      The reader should note that the Company reports its financial results in accordance with IFRS. However, we use a combination
      of financial measures, ratios, and non-GAAP measures to assess the Company’s performance. The non-GAAP measures
      used in this MD&A do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and are therefore unlikely to be comparable
      to similar measures presented by other issuers. These measures should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as
      a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS.

      The table below summarizes our non-GAAP measures and most relevant key performance measures:


      Profitability        • Adjusted EBIT (non-GAAP) – is a measure of earnings excluding acquisition-related and integration
                              costs, restructuring costs, net finance costs and income tax expense. Management believes this measure
                              is useful to investors as it best reflects the performance of its activities and allows for better comparability
                              from period to period as well as to trend analysis. A reconciliation of the adjusted EBIT to its closest IFRS
                              measure can be found in section 3.7. of the present document.
                           • Adjusted EBIT margin (non-GAAP) – is obtained by dividing our adjusted EBIT by our revenues.
                              Management believes this measure is useful to investors as it best reflects the performance of its activities
                              and allows for better comparability from period to period as well as to trend analysis. A reconciliation of
                              the adjusted EBIT to its closest IFRS measure can be found in section 3.7. of the present document.
                           • Net earnings – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders.
                           • Net earnings margin (non-GAAP) – is obtained by dividing our net earnings by our revenues. Management
                              believes a percentage of revenue measure is meaningful for better comparability from period to period.
                           • Diluted earnings per share (diluted EPS) – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders on a
                              per share basis, assuming all dilutive elements are exercised.
                           • Net earnings excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is a measure of net earnings excluding acquisition-
                              related and integration costs, restructuring costs and tax adjustments. Management believes this
                              measure is useful to investors as it best reflects the Company's performance and allows for better
                              comparability from period to period. A reconciliation of the net earnings excluding specific items to its
                              closest IFRS measure can be found in section 3.8.3. of the present document.
                           • Net earnings margin excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is obtained by dividing our net earnings
                              excluding specific items by our revenues. Management believes this measure is useful to investors as
                              it best reflects the Company's performance and allows for better comparability from period to period. A
                              reconciliation of the net earnings excluding specific items to its closest IFRS measure can be found in
                              section 3.8.3. of the present document.
                           • Diluted earnings per share excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is defined as the net earnings excluding
                              specific items on a per share basis. Management believes that this measure is useful to investors as it
                              best reflects the Company's performance on a per share basis and allows for better comparability from
                              period to period. The diluted earnings per share reported in accordance with IFRS can be found in section
                              3.8. of the present document while the basic and diluted earnings per share excluding specific items can
                              be found in section 3.8.3. of the present document.

      Liquidity            • Cash provided by operating activities – is a measure of cash generated from managing our day-to-day
                              business operations. Management believes strong operating cash flow is indicative of financial flexibility,
                              allowing us to execute the Company's strategy.
                           • Days sales outstanding (DSO) (non-GAAP) – is the average number of days needed to convert our trade
                              receivables and work in progress into cash. DSO is obtained by subtracting deferred revenue from trade
                              accounts receivable and work in progress; the result is divided by our most recent quarter’s revenue
                              over 90 days. Management tracks this metric closely to ensure timely collection and healthy liquidity.
                              Management believes this measure is useful to investors as it demonstrates the Company's ability to
                              timely convert its trade receivables and work in progress into cash.



CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                 Page   3
                                                                                                                FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 3
     Management's Discussion and Analysis




      Growth               • Constant currency growth (non-GAAP) – is a measure of revenue growth before foreign currency
                             translation impacts. This growth is calculated by translating current period results in local currency using
                             the conversion rates in the equivalent period from the prior year. Management believes that it is helpful
                             to adjust revenue to exclude the impact of currency fluctuations to facilitate period-to-period comparisons
                             of business performance and that this measure is useful to investors for the same reason.
                           • Backlog (non-GAAP) – includes new contract wins, extensions and renewals (bookings (non-GAAP)),
                             adjusted for the backlog consumed during the period as a result of client work performed and adjustments
                             related to the volume, cancellation and the impact of foreign currencies to our existing contracts. Backlog
                             incorporates estimates from management that are subject to change. Management tracks this measure
                             as it is a key indicator of our best estimate of contracted revenue to be realized in the future and believes
                             that this measure is useful to investors for the same reason.
                           • Book-to-bill ratio (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the proportion of the value of our bookings to our revenue
                             in the period. This metric allows management to monitor the Company’s business development efforts
                             to ensure we grow our backlog and our business over time and management believes that this measure
                             is useful to investors for the same reason. Management's objective is to maintain a target ratio greater
                             than 100% over a trailing twelve-month period. Management believes that monitoring the Company's
                             bookings over a longer period is a more representative measure as the services and contract type, size
                             and timing of bookings could cause this measurement to fluctuate significantly if taken for only a three-
                             month period.
      Capital              • Net debt (non-GAAP) – is obtained by subtracting from our debt and lease liabilities, our cash and cash
      Structure              equivalents, short-term investments, long-term investments and adjusting for fair value of foreign currency
                             derivative financial instruments related to debt. Management uses the net debt metric to monitor the
                             Company's financial leverage and believes that this metric is useful to investors as it provides insight
                             into its financial strength. A reconciliation of net debt to its closest IFRS measure can be found in section
                             4.5. of the present document.
                           • Net debt to capitalization ratio (non-GAAP) – is a measure of our level of financial leverage and is obtained
                             by dividing the net debt by the sum of shareholder's equity and debt. Management uses the net debt to
                             capitalization ratio to monitor the proportion of debt versus capital used to finance the Company's
                             operations and to assess its financial strength. Management believes that this metric is useful to investors
                             for the same reasons.
                           • Return on equity (ROE) (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the rate of return on the ownership interest of
                             our shareholders and is calculated as the proportion of net earnings for the last 12 months over the last
                             four quarters' average shareholder's equity. Management looks at ROE to measure its efficiency at
                             generating net earnings for the Company’s shareholders and how well the Company uses the invested
                             funds to generate net earnings growth and believes that this measure is useful to investors for the same
                             reasons.
                           • Return on invested capital (ROIC) (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the Company’s efficiency at allocating
                             the capital under its control to profitable investments and is calculated as the proportion of the net earnings
                             excluding net finance costs after-tax for the last 12 months, over the last four quarters' average invested
                             capital, which is defined as the sum of shareholder's' equity and net debt. Management examines this
                             ratio to assess how well it is using its funds to generate returns and believes that this measure is useful
                             to investors for the same reason.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                               Page   4




      4
      Change in Reporting Segments
     Effective October 1, 2019, the Company realigned its management structure, resulting primarily in the creation of two new
     operating segments, namely Scandinavia (Sweden, Denmark and Norway) and Finland, Poland and Baltics, collectively known
     as Northern Europe in the prior fiscal year. As a result, the Company is now managed through nine operating segments,
     namely: Western and Southern Europe (primarily France, Portugal and Belgium); United States (U.S.) Commercial and State
     Government; Canada; U.S. Federal; United Kingdom (U.K.) and Australia; Central and Eastern Europe (primarily Germany
     and the Netherlands); Scandinavia; Finland, Poland and Baltics; and Asia Pacific Global Delivery Centers of Excellence (mainly
     India and Philippines) (Asia Pacific). This realignment of management structure also included, to a lesser extent, transfers of
     some lines of business between our operating segments. The Company has retrospectively revised the segmented information
     for the comparative period to conform to the new segmented information structure. Please refer to sections 3.4, 3.6, 5.4 and
     5.5 of the present document and to note 29 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on our
     segments.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                      Page   5
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis




MD&A Objectives and Contents
In this document, we:
•    Provide a narrative explanation of the audited consolidated financial statements through the eyes of management;
•    Provide the context within which the audited consolidated financial statements should be analyzed, by giving enhanced
     disclosure about the dynamics and trends of the Company’s business; and
•    Provide information to assist the reader in ascertaining the likelihood that past performance may be indicative of future
     performance.

In order to achieve these objectives, this MD&A is presented in the following main sections:


Section                          Contents                                                                               Pages

1.     Corporate                 1.1.     About CGI                                                                       8
       Overview                  1.2.     Vision and Strategy                                                             9
                                 1.3.     Competitive Environment                                                        10

2.     Highlights and Key        2.1.    Fiscal 2020 Year-Over-Year Highlights                                           12
       Performance               2.2.     Selected Yearly Information & Key Performance Measures                         13
       Measures                  2.3.     Stock Performance                                                              14
                                 2.4. Investments in Subsidiaries                                                        15
                                 2.5. Impact of the adoption of IFRS 16                                                  16
                                 2.6. COVID-19                                                                           16

3.     Financial Review          3.1.     Bookings and Book-to-Bill Ratio                                                17
                                 3.2.     Foreign Exchange                                                               18
                                 3.3.     Revenue Distribution                                                           19
                                 3.4.     Revenue by Segment                                                             20
                                 3.5.     Operating Expenses                                                             23
                                 3.6.     Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                       24
                                 3.7.     Earnings Before Income Taxes                                                   26
                                 3.8.     Net Earnings and Earnings Per Share                                            27

4.     Liquidity                 4.1.     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                          29
                                 4.2.     Capital Resources                                                              32
                                 4.3.     Contractual Obligations                                                        33
                                 4.4.     Financial Instruments and Hedging Transactions                                 33
                                 4.5.     Selected Measures of Capital Resources and Liquidity                           34
                                 4.6.     Guarantees                                                                     34
                                 4.7.     Capability to Deliver Results                                                  35

5.     Fourth Quarter            5.1. Bookings and Book-to-Bill Ratio                                                    36
       Results                   5.2. Foreign Exchange                                                                   37
                                 5.3.     Revenue Distribution                                                           38
                                 5.4. Revenue by Segment                                                                 39
                                 5.5. Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                           42
                                 5.6. Net Earnings and Earnings Per Share                                                44
                                 5.7.     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                          46




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                   Page    6
6
6.    Eight Quarter               A summary of the past eight quarters’ key performance measures and a discussion of the
                                                                                                                                   48
      Summary                     factors that could impact our quarterly results.

7.    Changes in
                                  A summary of the accounting standard changes.                                                    50
      Accounting Policies

8.    Critical Accounting         A discussion of the critical accounting estimates made in the preparation of the audited
                                                                                                                                   52
      Estimates                   consolidated financial statements.

9.    Integrity of                A discussion of the existence of appropriate information systems, procedures and controls
                                                                                                                                   55
      Disclosure                  to ensure that information used internally and disclosed externally is complete and reliable.

10.   Risk Environment            10.1.    Risks and Uncertainties                                                                 57
                                  10.2.    Legal Proceedings                                                                       66




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                             Page   7
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 7
     Management's Discussion and Analysis


1. 1. Corporate
   Corporate    Overview
             Overview


      1.1. ABOUT CGI

     Founded in 1976 and headquartered in Montréal, Canada, CGI is among the largest information technology (IT) and business
     consulting services firms in the world. The Company delivers a full range of services, including strategic IT and business
     consulting, systems integration, intellectual property and managed IT and business process services to help clients accelerate
     digitization, achieve immediate cost savings, and drive revenue growth. CGI employs approximately 76,000 consultants and
     professionals worldwide, whom are called members as they are also owners.

     End-to-end services and solutions

     CGI delivers end-to-end services that cover the full spectrum of technology delivery; from digital strategy and architecture to
     solution design, development, integration, implementation, and operations. Our portfolio encompasses:

            •    Strategic IT and business consulting and systems integration: CGI helps clients define their digital strategy
                 and roadmap, and advance their IT modernization initiatives through an agile, iterative approach that facilitates
                 innovation, connection and optimization of mission-critical systems to deliver enterprise-wide change.

            •    Managed IT and business process services: Our clients entrust us with full or partial responsibility for their IT
                 and business functions to help them become more agile and to build resilience into their technology supply chains.
                 In return, we deliver innovation, significant efficiency gains, and cost savings. Typical services in an end-to-end
                 engagement include: application development, integration and maintenance; technology infrastructure
                 management; and business process services, such as in collections and payroll management. Managed IT and
                 business process services contracts are long-term in nature, with a typical duration greater than five years, allowing
                 our clients to reinvest savings, alongside CGI, in their digital transformation.

            •    Intellectual property (IP): Our IP portfolio includes approximately 175 business solutions, some of which are cross-
                 industry solutions. Designed in collaboration with clients, our IP solutions act as business accelerators for the
                 industries we serve. These include business solutions encompassing commercial software embedded within our
                 end-to-end-services, and digital enablers such as methodologies and frameworks to drive change across business
                 and IT processes.

     Deep industry expertise

     CGI has long standing and focused practices in all of its core industries, providing clients with a partner that is not only an
     expert in IT, but also expert in their industries. This combination of business knowledge and digital technology expertise allows
     us to help our clients navigate complex challenges and focus on how to create value. In the process, we evolve the services
     and solutions we deliver within our targeted industries.

     Our targeted industries include communications and media, banking, insurance, government, health & life sciences,
     manufacturing, retail & consumer, transportation and logistics, energy and utilities and space. While these represent our go-
     to-market industry targets, we group these industries into the following for reporting purposes: government; manufacturing,
     retail & distribution (MRD); financial services; communications & utilities; and health.

     As the move toward digitization continues across industries, CGI partners with clients to help guide them in becoming customer
     and citizen-centric digital organizations.

     Applied innovation

     At CGI, innovation happens across many interconnected fronts. It starts in our everyday work on client projects, where
     thousands of innovations are applied daily. Through benchmark in-person interviews we conduct each year, business and
     technology executives share their priorities with us, informing our own innovation investments and driving our client proximity
     teams' focus on local client priorities.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page   8




      8
     Since 1976, CGI is a trusted partner in delivering innovative, client-inspired business services and solutions. We help develop,
     innovate and protect the technology that enables clients to achieve their digital transformation goals faster, with reduced risk
     and enduring results.

     We partner with clients to enable their business agility through a range of business and digital initiatives focused on human
     capital and culture practices, process automation, and data analytics. Technology is a key element of the value chains of
     organizations today. We help clients adopt and harmonize a number of technologies and services, such as cloud, automation,
     and managed services, to build agility, elasticity, security and resiliency into their technology supply chains.

     Digital engagement with customers and citizens has taken on new importance. We help clients evaluate their work culture,
     organizational models, and performance management, as well as adopt modern collaboration and resilient business
     continuity plans.

     Technology will continue to be at the heart of the future value chains that serve our clients’ consumers and citizens.

     Quality processes

     CGI's clients expect consistency of service wherever and whenever they engage us. We have an outstanding track record of
     on-time, within-budget delivery as a result of our commitment to excellence and our robust governance model - CGI's
     Management Foundation. CGI's Management Foundation provides a common business language, frameworks and practices
     for managing all operations consistently across the globe, driving a focus on continuous improvement. We also invest in
     rigorous quality and service delivery standards (including ISO and Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) certification
     programs), as well as a comprehensive Client Satisfaction Assessment Program, with signed client assessments, to ensure
     high satisfaction on an ongoing basis.

      1.2. VISION AND STRATEGY

     CGI is unique compared to most companies, as our vision is based on a dream: “To create an environment in which we enjoy
     working together and, as owners, contribute to building a company we can be proud of.” This dream has motivated us since
     our founding in 1976 and drives our vision: “To be a global, world-class end-to-end IT and business consulting services leader
     helping our clients succeed.”

     In pursuing our dream and vision, CGI has been highly disciplined throughout its history in executing a Build and Buy profitable
     growth strategy comprised of four pillars that combine profitable organic growth (Build) and accretive acquisitions (Buy):

          Pillar 1: Win, renew and extend contracts

          Pillar 2: New large managed IT and business process services contracts

     These first two pillars relate to driving profitable organic growth through the pursuit of contracts with new and existing clients
     in our targeted industries. Successes in these pillars reflect the strength of our end-to-end portfolio of capabilities, the depth
     of expertise of our consultants in business and IT, and the appreciation of the proximity model by our clients, both existing
     and potential.

          Pillar 3: Metro market acquisitions

     The third pillar focuses on growth through metro market acquisitions, complementing the proximity model, helping provide a
     fuller range of end-to-end services. We identify metro market acquisitions through a strategic qualification process that
     systematically searches for targets to strengthen our proximity model, leveraging strong local relationships with customers,
     and enhancing our industry expertise, services and solutions.

          Pillar 4: Large, transformational acquisitions

     We also pursue large acquisitions to further expand our geographic presence and critical mass, which enables us to compete
     for large managed IT and business process services contracts and broaden our client relationships. CGI will continue to be
     a consolidator in the IT services industry by being active on both of these last pillars.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                         Page   9
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 9
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      Executing
      Executing
      Executing                                                                         our
                                                                                        our
                                                                                        our     strategy
                                                                                                strategy
                                                                                                strategy
      Executing
      Executing
      Executing                                                                         our
                                                                                        our     strategy
                                                                                                strategy
      Executing our
      Executing                                                                         our strategy
                                                                                        our     strategy
                                                                                                strategy
      CGI’s
      CGI’s
      CGI’s                                                                    strategy
                                                                               strategy
                                                                               strategy        is
                                                                                               is
                                                                                               is  executed
                                                                                                   executed
                                                                                                   executed         through
                                                                                                                    through
                                                                                                                    through     a
                                                                                                                                a
                                                                                                                                a   unique
                                                                                                                                    unique
                                                                                                                                    unique      business
                                                                                                                                                business
                                                                                                                                                business       model
                                                                                                                                                               model
                                                                                                                                                               model      that
                                                                                                                                                                          that
                                                                                                                                                                          that  combines
                                                                                                                                                                                combines
                                                                                                                                                                                combines        client
                                                                                                                                                                                                client
                                                                                                                                                                                                client   proximity
                                                                                                                                                                                                         proximity
                                                                                                                                                                                                         proximity      with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        with  an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              an   extensive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   extensive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   extensive      global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  global
      CGI’s
      CGI’s
      CGI’s                                                                    strategy
                                                                               strategy
                                                                               strategy        is
                                                                                               is
                                                                                               is  executed
                                                                                                   executed
                                                                                                   executed         through
                                                                                                                    through
                                                                                                                    through     a
                                                                                                                                a
                                                                                                                                a   unique
                                                                                                                                    unique
                                                                                                                                    unique      business
                                                                                                                                                business
                                                                                                                                                business       model
                                                                                                                                                               model
                                                                                                                                                               model      that
                                                                                                                                                                          that
                                                                                                                                                                          that  combines
                                                                                                                                                                                combines
                                                                                                                                                                                combines        client
                                                                                                                                                                                                client
                                                                                                                                                                                                client   proximity
                                                                                                                                                                                                         proximity
                                                                                                                                                                                                         proximity      with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        with  an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              an   extensive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   extensive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   extensive      global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  global
      CGI’s
      delivery
      CGI’s
      delivery                                                                 strategy
                                                                                   network
                                                                               strategy
                                                                                   network     is
                                                                                               is  executed
                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                   to  deliver
                                                                                                   executed
                                                                                                       deliver      through
                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                   the          a
                                                                                                                          following
                                                                                                                    through     a
                                                                                                                          following unique
                                                                                                                                         benefits:
                                                                                                                                    unique      business
                                                                                                                                                business
                                                                                                                                         benefits:             model
                                                                                                                                                               model      that
                                                                                                                                                                          that  combines
                                                                                                                                                                                combines        client
                                                                                                                                                                                                client   proximity
                                                                                                                                                                                                         proximity      with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        with  an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              an   extensive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   extensive      global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  global
      delivery
      delivery
      delivery                                                                     network
                                                                                   network
                                                                                   network         to
                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                   to  deliver
                                                                                                       deliver
                                                                                                       deliver     the
                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                   the    following
                                                                                                                          following
                                                                                                                          following      benefits:
                                                                                                                                         benefits:
                                                                                                                                         benefits:
      delivery
      delivery
      delivery network to deliver the following benefits:                          network
                                                                                   network         to
                                                                                                   to  deliver
                                                                                                       deliver     the
                                                                                                                   the    following
                                                                                                                          following      benefits:
                                                                                                                                         benefits:
           •••• Local                                                         Local relationships
                                                                                        relationships             and
                                                                                                                  and     accountability:
                                                                                                                          accountability:          We
                                                                                                                                                   We     live
                                                                                                                                                          live   and
                                                                                                                                                                 and    work
                                                                                                                                                                        work    near
                                                                                                                                                                                near    our
                                                                                                                                                                                        our   clients
                                                                                                                                                                                              clients    to
                                                                                                                                                                                                         to  provide
                                                                                                                                                                                                             provide     a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         a  high
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            high   level
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   level   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           of  responsiveness,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               responsiveness,
              ••• Local                                                       Local
                                                                              Local
                                                                              Local
                                                                              Local
                                                                                        relationships
                                                                                        relationships
                                                                                        relationships
                                                                                        relationships
                                                                                        relationships
                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                          accountability:
                                                                                                                          accountability:
                                                                                                                  and accountability:
                                                                                                                  and     accountability:
                                                                                                                          accountability:
                                                                                                                                                   We
                                                                                                                                                   We
                                                                                                                                                   We
                                                                                                                                                   We
                                                                                                                                                   We
                                                                                                                                                          live
                                                                                                                                                          live   and
                                                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                                          live and
                                                                                                                                                          live
                                                                                                                                                          live   and
                                                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                                                        work
                                                                                                                                                                        work
                                                                                                                                                                        work
                                                                                                                                                                        work
                                                                                                                                                                        work
                                                                                                                                                                                near
                                                                                                                                                                                near
                                                                                                                                                                                near
                                                                                                                                                                                near
                                                                                                                                                                                near
                                                                                                                                                                                        our
                                                                                                                                                                                        our   clients
                                                                                                                                                                                        our clients
                                                                                                                                                                                        our
                                                                                                                                                                                        our   clients
                                                                                                                                                                                              clients
                                                                                                                                                                                              clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                         to
                                                                                                                                                                                                         to
                                                                                                                                                                                                         to
                                                                                                                                                                                                         to provide
                                                                                                                                                                                                         to
                                                                                                                                                                                                             provide
                                                                                                                                                                                                             provide
                                                                                                                                                                                                             provide
                                                                                                                                                                                                             provide
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            high
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         a high
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         a  high
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            high
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            high
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   level
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   level
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   level
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   level
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   level
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           of responsiveness,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               responsiveness,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               responsiveness,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               responsiveness,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               responsiveness,
                •partnership,
                 partnership,                                                 Local     relationships
                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                 and              and
                                                                                                        innovation.
                                                                                                        innovation.       accountability:
                                                                                                                            Our
                                                                                                                            Our   local
                                                                                                                                  local    CGI
                                                                                                                                           CGI     We
                                                                                                                                                 members
                                                                                                                                                 members  live   and
                                                                                                                                                                 speak
                                                                                                                                                                 speak  workour
                                                                                                                                                                            our near    our
                                                                                                                                                                                 clients'
                                                                                                                                                                                 clients'     clients
                                                                                                                                                                                            language,
                                                                                                                                                                                            language,    to  provide
                                                                                                                                                                                                            understand
                                                                                                                                                                                                            understand   a  high
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              their
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              theirlevel   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      business responsiveness,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    environment,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    environment,
                 partnership,
                 partnership,
                 partnership,                                                                    and
                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                 and    innovation.
                                                                                                        innovation.
                                                                                                        innovation.         Our
                                                                                                                            Our
                                                                                                                            Our   local
                                                                                                                                  local
                                                                                                                                  local    CGI
                                                                                                                                           CGI
                                                                                                                                           CGI   members
                                                                                                                                                 members
                                                                                                                                                 members         speak
                                                                                                                                                                 speak
                                                                                                                                                                 speak      our
                                                                                                                                                                            our
                                                                                                                                                                            our  clients'
                                                                                                                                                                                 clients'
                                                                                                                                                                                 clients'   language,
                                                                                                                                                                                            language,
                                                                                                                                                                                            language,       understand
                                                                                                                                                                                                            understand
                                                                                                                                                                                                            understand        their
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              their
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              their   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      business      environment,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    environment,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    environment,
                 partnership,
                 partnership,
                 partnership,                                                                    and
                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                 and    innovation.
                                                                                                        innovation.
                                                                                                        innovation.         Our
                                                                                                                            Our
                                                                                                                            Our   local
                                                                                                                                  local
                                                                                                                                  local    CGI
                                                                                                                                           CGI
                                                                                                                                           CGI   members
                                                                                                                                                 members
                                                                                                                                                 members         speak
                                                                                                                                                                 speak
                                                                                                                                                                 speak      our
                                                                                                                                                                            our
                                                                                                                                                                            our  clients'
                                                                                                                                                                                 clients'
                                                                                                                                                                                 clients'   language,
                                                                                                                                                                                            language,
                                                                                                                                                                                            language,       understand
                                                                                                                                                                                                            understand
                                                                                                                                                                                                            understand        their
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              their
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              their   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      business      environment,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    environment,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    environment,
                 and
                 and
                 and                                                              collaborate
                                                                                  collaborate
                                                                                  collaborate          to
                                                                                                       to
                                                                                                       to  meet
                                                                                                           meet
                                                                                                           meet      their
                                                                                                                     their
                                                                                                                     their   goals
                                                                                                                             goals
                                                                                                                             goals    and
                                                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                                                      and     advance
                                                                                                                                              advance
                                                                                                                                              advance       their
                                                                                                                                                            their
                                                                                                                                                            their   business.
                                                                                                                                                                    business.
                                                                                                                                                                    business.
                 and
                 and
                 and                                                              collaborate
                                                                                  collaborate
                                                                                  collaborate          to
                                                                                                       to
                                                                                                       to  meet
                                                                                                           meet
                                                                                                           meet      their
                                                                                                                     their
                                                                                                                     their   goals
                                                                                                                             goals
                                                                                                                             goals    and
                                                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                                                      and     advance
                                                                                                                                              advance
                                                                                                                                              advance       their
                                                                                                                                                            their
                                                                                                                                                            their   business.
                                                                                                                                                                    business.
                                                                                                                                                                    business.
                 and
                 and collaborate to meet their goals and advance their business.  collaborate          to  meet      their   goals    and     advance       their   business.
                 •••• Global                                                  Global reach:
                                                                                          reach:        Our
                                                                                                        Our    local
                                                                                                               local    presence
                                                                                                                        presence         is
                                                                                                                                         is  complemented
                                                                                                                                             complemented            by
                                                                                                                                                                     by    an
                                                                                                                                                                           an  expansive
                                                                                                                                                                               expansive       global
                                                                                                                                                                                               global     delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                          delivery     network
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       network      that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    that   ensures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ensures      our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        our  clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             clients
                    ••• Global                                                Global
                                                                              Global
                                                                              Global
                                                                              Global
                                                                                          reach:
                                                                                          reach:
                                                                                          reach:
                                                                                          reach:
                                                                                          reach:
                                                                                                        Our
                                                                                                        Our
                                                                                                        Our
                                                                                                        Our
                                                                                                        Our
                                                                                                               local
                                                                                                               local
                                                                                                               local
                                                                                                               local
                                                                                                               local
                                                                                                                        presence
                                                                                                                        presence
                                                                                                                        presence
                                                                                                                        presence
                                                                                                                        presence
                                                                                                                                         is
                                                                                                                                         is
                                                                                                                                         is
                                                                                                                                         is
                                                                                                                                         is
                                                                                                                                             complemented
                                                                                                                                             complemented
                                                                                                                                             complemented
                                                                                                                                             complemented
                                                                                                                                             complemented
                                                                                                                                                                     by
                                                                                                                                                                     by
                                                                                                                                                                     by
                                                                                                                                                                     by
                                                                                                                                                                     by
                                                                                                                                                                           an
                                                                                                                                                                           an
                                                                                                                                                                           an
                                                                                                                                                                           an
                                                                                                                                                                           an
                                                                                                                                                                               expansive
                                                                                                                                                                               expansive
                                                                                                                                                                               expansive
                                                                                                                                                                               expansive
                                                                                                                                                                               expansive
                                                                                                                                                                                               global
                                                                                                                                                                                               global
                                                                                                                                                                                               global
                                                                                                                                                                                               global
                                                                                                                                                                                               global
                                                                                                                                                                                                          delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                          delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                          delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                          delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                          delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       network
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       network
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       network
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       network
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       network
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ensures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ensures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ensures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ensures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ensures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             clients
                      •have
                       have                                                   Global24/7
                                                                                    24/7  reach:
                                                                                             access
                                                                                             access     Ourto
                                                                                                           to  local
                                                                                                               best-fit
                                                                                                               best-fit presence
                                                                                                                            digital
                                                                                                                            digital      is  complemented
                                                                                                                                      capabilities
                                                                                                                                      capabilities      and
                                                                                                                                                        and          by
                                                                                                                                                               resources
                                                                                                                                                               resources   an  expansive
                                                                                                                                                                                to
                                                                                                                                                                                to meet
                                                                                                                                                                                   meet        global
                                                                                                                                                                                            their
                                                                                                                                                                                            their         delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                    end-to-end
                                                                                                                                                                                                    end-to-end         network
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      needs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      needs.    In
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                In  that   ensures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     addition,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     addition,          our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   clients   clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            benefit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            benefit
                       have
                       have
                       have                                                         24/7
                                                                                    24/7
                                                                                    24/7     access
                                                                                             access
                                                                                             access        to
                                                                                                           to
                                                                                                           to  best-fit
                                                                                                               best-fit
                                                                                                               best-fit     digital
                                                                                                                            digital
                                                                                                                            digital   capabilities
                                                                                                                                      capabilities
                                                                                                                                      capabilities      and
                                                                                                                                                        and
                                                                                                                                                        and    resources
                                                                                                                                                               resources
                                                                                                                                                               resources        to
                                                                                                                                                                                to
                                                                                                                                                                                to meet
                                                                                                                                                                                   meet
                                                                                                                                                                                   meet     their
                                                                                                                                                                                            their
                                                                                                                                                                                            their   end-to-end
                                                                                                                                                                                                    end-to-end
                                                                                                                                                                                                    end-to-end        needs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      needs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      needs.    In
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                In
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                In   addition,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     addition,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     addition,     clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   clients  benefit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            benefit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            benefit
                       have
                       have
                       have                                                         24/7
                                                                                    24/7     access
                                                                                             access
                                                                                             access
                                                                                    24/7unique             to  best-fit     digital
                                                                                                               best-fit digital
                                                                                                           to best-fit
                                                                                                           to               digital   capabilities
                                                                                                                                      capabilities
                                                                                                                                      capabilities      and
                                                                                                                                                        and
                                                                                                                                                        and    resources
                                                                                                                                                               resources
                                                                                                                                                               resources        to
                                                                                                                                                                                to meet
                                                                                                                                                                                to meet
                                                                                                                                                                                   meet     their
                                                                                                                                                                                            their   end-to-end
                                                                                                                                                                                                    end-to-end
                                                                                                                                                                                            theirwithin
                                                                                                                                                                                                    end-to-end        needs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      needs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      needs.    In   addition,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                In addition,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                In   addition,     clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   clients  benefit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   clients benefit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            benefit
                       from
                       from
                       from                                                        our
                                                                                   our
                                                                                   our   unique
                                                                                         unique         combination
                                                                                                        combination
                                                                                                        combination          of
                                                                                                                             of
                                                                                                                             of industry
                                                                                                                                industry
                                                                                                                                industry      domain
                                                                                                                                              domain
                                                                                                                                              domain       and
                                                                                                                                                           and
                                                                                                                                                           and    technology
                                                                                                                                                                  technology
                                                                                                                                                                  technology       expertise
                                                                                                                                                                                   expertise
                                                                                                                                                                                   expertise       within
                                                                                                                                                                                                   within    our
                                                                                                                                                                                                             our
                                                                                                                                                                                                             our   global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   global   delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            delivery      model.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          model.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          model.
                       from
                       from
                       from                                                        our
                                                                                   our
                                                                                   our   unique
                                                                                         unique
                                                                                         unique         combination
                                                                                                        combination
                                                                                                        combination          of
                                                                                                                             of
                                                                                                                             of industry
                                                                                                                                industry
                                                                                                                                industry      domain
                                                                                                                                              domain
                                                                                                                                              domain       and
                                                                                                                                                           and
                                                                                                                                                           and    technology
                                                                                                                                                                  technology
                                                                                                                                                                  technology       expertise
                                                                                                                                                                                   expertise
                                                                                                                                                                                   expertise       within
                                                                                                                                                                                                   within
                                                                                                                                                                                                   within    our
                                                                                                                                                                                                             our
                                                                                                                                                                                                             our   global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   global   delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            delivery      model.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          model.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          model.
                       from
                       from our                                                    our unique
                                                                                         unique combination
                                                                                                        combination of       of industry
                                                                                                                                industry domain
                                                                                                                                              domain and   and technology
                                                                                                                                                                  technology expertise
                                                                                                                                                                                   expertise withinwithin ourour global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   global delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            delivery model.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          model.
                       ••• Committed                                          Committed
                                                                              Committed             experts:
                                                                                                    experts:
                                                                                                    experts:       One
                                                                                                                   One
                                                                                                                   One      of
                                                                                                                            of
                                                                                                                            of our
                                                                                                                               our
                                                                                                                               our    key
                                                                                                                                      key
                                                                                                                                      key    strategic
                                                                                                                                             strategic
                                                                                                                                             strategic     goals
                                                                                                                                                           goals
                                                                                                                                                           goals     is
                                                                                                                                                                     is
                                                                                                                                                                     is  to
                                                                                                                                                                         to
                                                                                                                                                                         to  be
                                                                                                                                                                             be
                                                                                                                                                                             be  our
                                                                                                                                                                                 our
                                                                                                                                                                                 our   clients’
                                                                                                                                                                                       clients’
                                                                                                                                                                                       clients’    partner
                                                                                                                                                                                                   partner
                                                                                                                                                                                                   partner     and
                                                                                                                                                                                                               and
                                                                                                                                                                                                               and    expert
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      expert
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      expert    of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                of  choice.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    choice.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    choice.     To
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                To
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                To  achieve
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    achieve
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    achieve     this,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                this,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                this,
                         ••• Committed                                        Committed
                                                                              Committed             experts:
                                                                                                    experts:
                                                                                                    experts:       One
                                                                                                                   One
                                                                                                                   One      of
                                                                                                                            of
                                                                                                                            of our
                                                                                                                               our
                                                                                                                               our    key
                                                                                                                                      key
                                                                                                                                      key    strategic
                                                                                                                                             strategic
                                                                                                                                             strategic     goals
                                                                                                                                                           goals
                                                                                                                                                           goals     is
                                                                                                                                                                     is
                                                                                                                                                                     is  to
                                                                                                                                                                         to
                                                                                                                                                                         to  be
                                                                                                                                                                             be
                                                                                                                                                                             be  our
                                                                                                                                                                                 our
                                                                                                                                                                                 our   clients’
                                                                                                                                                                                       clients’
                                                                                                                                                                                       clients’    partner
                                                                                                                                                                                                   partner
                                                                                                                                                                                                   partner     and
                                                                                                                                                                                                               and
                                                                                                                                                                                                               and    expert
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      expert
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      expert    of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                of  choice.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    choice.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    choice.     To
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                To
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                To  achieve
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    achieve
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    achieve     this,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                this,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                this,
                           ••we                                               Committed
                                                                              Committed
                                                                                invest     in       experts:
                                                                                                    experts: and
                                                                                                  eveloping        One
                                                                                                                   One of
                                                                                                                  and       of our
                                                                                                                          recruiting  key    strategic
                                                                                                                               our key strategic
                                                                                                                                          professionals    goals
                                                                                                                                                           goals
                                                                                                                                                               with  is  to
                                                                                                                                                                     is to   be
                                                                                                                                                                      extensive  our   clients’    partner
                                                                                                                                                                                       clients’ partner
                                                                                                                                                                             be ourindustry,
                                                                                                                                                                                     industry,    business     and
                                                                                                                                                                                                               and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 and  expert
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      expert
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       in-demandof  choice.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                of choice.      To  achieve
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                To achieve
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        technology              this,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                this,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        expertise.
                             we
                             we
                             we                                                 invest
                                                                                invest
                                                                                invest     in
                                                                                           in
                                                                                           in     eveloping
                                                                                                developing
                                                                                                developing        and
                                                                                                                  and     recruiting
                                                                                                                          recruiting
                                                                                                                          recruiting      professionals
                                                                                                                                          professionals
                                                                                                                                          professionals        with
                                                                                                                                                               with
                                                                                                                                                               with   extensive
                                                                                                                                                                      extensive
                                                                                                                                                                      extensive      industry,
                                                                                                                                                                                     industry,    business
                                                                                                                                                                                                  business
                                                                                                                                                                                                  business       and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 and   in-demand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       in-demand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       in-demand        technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        technology      expertise.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        expertise.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        expertise.
                             we
                             we
                             we                                                 invest
                                                                                invest
                                                                                invest     in
                                                                                           in
                                                                                           in   developing
                                                                                                developing
                                                                                                developing        and
                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                  and     recruiting
                                                                                                                          recruiting
                                                                                                                          recruiting      professionals
                                                                                                                                          professionals
                                                                                                                                          professionals        with
                                                                                                                                                               with
                                                                                                                                                               with   extensive
                                                                                                                                                                      extensive
                                                                                                                                                                      extensive      industry,
                                                                                                                                                                                     industry,
                                                                                                                                                                                     industry,    business
                                                                                                                                                                                                  business
                                                                                                                                                                                                  business       and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 and   in-demand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       in-demand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       in-demand        technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        technology      expertise.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        expertise.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        expertise.
                             we
                             In
                             In                                                 invest
                                                                               addition,
                                                                               addition,   in   developing
                                                                                                a
                                                                                                a   majority
                                                                                                    majority      and
                                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                                 of   CGI
                                                                                                                      CGI recruiting
                                                                                                                              consultants
                                                                                                                              consultants professionals
                                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                                 and           with
                                                                                                                                                        professionals
                                                                                                                                                        professionals extensive
                                                                                                                                                                              are
                                                                                                                                                                              are    industry,
                                                                                                                                                                                    also
                                                                                                                                                                                    also    owners
                                                                                                                                                                                            ownersbusiness
                                                                                                                                                                                                        through
                                                                                                                                                                                                        through  and   in-demand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     our   Share
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Share        technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Purchase
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Purchase          expertise.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Plan,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Plan,   which,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             which,
                             In
                             In
                             In                                                addition,
                                                                               addition,
                                                                               addition,        a
                                                                                                a
                                                                                                a   majority
                                                                                                    majority
                                                                                                    majority     of
                                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                                 of   CGI
                                                                                                                      CGI
                                                                                                                      CGI     consultants
                                                                                                                              consultants
                                                                                                                              consultants        and
                                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                                 and    professionals
                                                                                                                                                        professionals
                                                                                                                                                        professionals         are
                                                                                                                                                                              are
                                                                                                                                                                              are   also
                                                                                                                                                                                    also
                                                                                                                                                                                    also    owners
                                                                                                                                                                                            owners
                                                                                                                                                                                            owners      through
                                                                                                                                                                                                        through
                                                                                                                                                                                                        through      our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     our   Share
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Share
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Share      Purchase
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Purchase
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Purchase       Plan,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Plan,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Plan,   which,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             which,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             which,
                             In
                             In
                             In                                                addition,
                                                                               addition,
                                                                               addition,        a
                                                                                                a
                                                                                                a   majority
                                                                                                    majority
                                                                                                    majority     of
                                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                                 of   CGI
                                                                                                                      CGI
                                                                                                                      CGI     consultants
                                                                                                                              consultants
                                                                                                                              consultants        and
                                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                                 and    professionals
                                                                                                                                                        professionals
                                                                                                                                                        professionals         are
                                                                                                                                                                              are
                                                                                                                                                                              are   also
                                                                                                                                                                                    also
                                                                                                                                                                                    also    owners
                                                                                                                                                                                            owners
                                                                                                                                                                                            owners      through
                                                                                                                                                                                                        through
                                                                                                                                                                                                        through      our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     our   Share
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Share
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Share      Purchase
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Purchase
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Purchase       Plan,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Plan,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Plan,   which,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             which,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             which,
                             combined
                             combined
                             combined                                                        with
                                                                                             with
                                                                                             with    the
                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                     the    Profit
                                                                                                            Profit
                                                                                                            Profit    Participation
                                                                                                                      Participation
                                                                                                                      Participation        Plan,
                                                                                                                                           Plan,
                                                                                                                                           Plan,   provide
                                                                                                                                                   provide
                                                                                                                                                   provide      an
                                                                                                                                                                an
                                                                                                                                                                an   added
                                                                                                                                                                     added
                                                                                                                                                                     added     level
                                                                                                                                                                               level
                                                                                                                                                                               level    of
                                                                                                                                                                                        of
                                                                                                                                                                                        of  commitment
                                                                                                                                                                                            commitment
                                                                                                                                                                                            commitment          to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                to the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the   success
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         success
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         success       of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          our   clients.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                clients.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                clients.
                             combined
                             combined
                             combined                                                        with
                                                                                             with
                                                                                             with    the
                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                     the    Profit
                                                                                                            Profit
                                                                                                            Profit    Participation
                                                                                                                      Participation
                                                                                                                      Participation        Plan,
                                                                                                                                           Plan,
                                                                                                                                           Plan,   provide
                                                                                                                                                   provide
                                                                                                                                                   provide      an
                                                                                                                                                                an
                                                                                                                                                                an   added
                                                                                                                                                                     added
                                                                                                                                                                     added     level
                                                                                                                                                                               level
                                                                                                                                                                               level    of
                                                                                                                                                                                        of
                                                                                                                                                                                        of  commitment
                                                                                                                                                                                            commitment
                                                                                                                                                                                            commitment          to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                to the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the   success
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         success
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         success       of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          our   clients.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                clients.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                clients.
                             combined
                             combined with                                                   with thethe Profit
                                                                                                            Profit Participation
                                                                                                                      Participation Plan,  Plan, provide
                                                                                                                                                   provide an   an added
                                                                                                                                                                     added level
                                                                                                                                                                               level of of commitment
                                                                                                                                                                                            commitment to       to the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the success
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         success of    of our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          our clients.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                clients.
                             ••• Comprehensive                                Comprehensive
                                                                              Comprehensive                quality
                                                                                                           quality
                                                                                                           quality     processes:
                                                                                                                       processes:
                                                                                                                       processes:           CGI’s
                                                                                                                                            CGI’s
                                                                                                                                            CGI’s   investment
                                                                                                                                                    investment
                                                                                                                                                    investment        in
                                                                                                                                                                      in
                                                                                                                                                                      in  quality
                                                                                                                                                                          quality
                                                                                                                                                                          quality   frameworks
                                                                                                                                                                                    frameworks
                                                                                                                                                                                    frameworks        and
                                                                                                                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                                                                                                                      and    rigorous
                                                                                                                                                                                                             rigorous
                                                                                                                                                                                                             rigorous    client
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         client
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         client   satisfaction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  satisfaction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  satisfaction      assessments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    assessments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    assessments
                               ••• Comprehensive                              Comprehensive
                                                                              Comprehensive                quality
                                                                                                           quality
                                                                                                           quality     processes:
                                                                                                                       processes:
                                                                                                                       processes:           CGI’s
                                                                                                                                            CGI’s
                                                                                                                                            CGI’s   investment
                                                                                                                                                    investment
                                                                                                                                                    investment        in
                                                                                                                                                                      in
                                                                                                                                                                      in  quality
                                                                                                                                                                          quality
                                                                                                                                                                          quality   frameworks
                                                                                                                                                                                    frameworks
                                                                                                                                                                                    frameworks        and
                                                                                                                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                                                                                                                      and    rigorous
                                                                                                                                                                                                             rigorous
                                                                                                                                                                                                             rigorous    client
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         client
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         client   satisfaction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  satisfaction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  satisfaction      assessments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    assessments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    assessments
                                 ••has                                        Comprehensive
                                                                              Comprehensive
                                                                                 resulted        in  a     quality
                                                                                                           quality
                                                                                                        consistent     processes:
                                                                                                                       processes:
                                                                                                                         track   record     CGI’s
                                                                                                                                            CGI’s
                                                                                                                                             of     investment
                                                                                                                                                    investment
                                                                                                                                                on-time      and      in
                                                                                                                                                                      in  quality
                                                                                                                                                                          quality
                                                                                                                                                                   within-budget    frameworks
                                                                                                                                                                                    frameworks
                                                                                                                                                                                        project       and
                                                                                                                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                                                                                                                   delivery. rigorous
                                                                                                                                                                                                             rigorous
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 With    client
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         client
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        regular   satisfaction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  satisfaction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reviews     of   assessments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    assessments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   engagements
                                   has
                                   has
                                   has                                           resulted
                                                                                 resulted
                                                                                 resulted        in
                                                                                                 in
                                                                                                 in  a
                                                                                                     a
                                                                                                     a  consistent
                                                                                                        consistent
                                                                                                        consistent       track
                                                                                                                         track
                                                                                                                         track   record
                                                                                                                                 record
                                                                                                                                 record      of
                                                                                                                                             of
                                                                                                                                             of on-time
                                                                                                                                                on-time
                                                                                                                                                on-time      and
                                                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                                                             and   within-budget
                                                                                                                                                                   within-budget
                                                                                                                                                                   within-budget        project
                                                                                                                                                                                        project
                                                                                                                                                                                        project    delivery.
                                                                                                                                                                                                   delivery.
                                                                                                                                                                                                   delivery.     With
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 With
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 With   regular
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        regular
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        regular    reviews
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reviews
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reviews     of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               of  engagements
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   engagements
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   engagements
                                   has
                                   has
                                   has                                           resulted
                                                                                 resulted
                                                                                 resulted        in
                                                                                                 in
                                                                                                 in  a
                                                                                                     a
                                                                                                     a  consistent
                                                                                                        consistent
                                                                                                        consistent       track
                                                                                                                         track
                                                                                                                         track   record
                                                                                                                                 record
                                                                                                                                 record      of
                                                                                                                                             of
                                                                                                                                             of on-time
                                                                                                                                                on-time
                                                                                                                                                on-time      and
                                                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                                                             and   within-budget
                                                                                                                                                                   within-budget
                                                                                                                                                                   within-budget        project
                                                                                                                                                                                        project
                                                                                                                                                                                        project    delivery.
                                                                                                                                                                                                   delivery.
                                                                                                                                                                                                   delivery.     With
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 With
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 With   regular
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        regular
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        regular    reviews
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reviews
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reviews     of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               of  engagements
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   engagements
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   engagements
                                   has
                                   and
                                   and                                           resulted
                                                                                  transparency
                                                                                  transparency   in a atconsistent
                                                                                                          at  all
                                                                                                              all        track
                                                                                                                   levels,
                                                                                                                   levels,    the
                                                                                                                              therecord
                                                                                                                                    company
                                                                                                                                    company  of on-time
                                                                                                                                                   ensures
                                                                                                                                                   ensures         within-budget
                                                                                                                                                             andthat
                                                                                                                                                                 that    client
                                                                                                                                                                         client         projectand
                                                                                                                                                                                 objectives
                                                                                                                                                                                 objectives        delivery.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 and    its
                                                                                                                                                                                                        its own
                                                                                                                                                                                                            own  With   regular
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    targets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    targets    are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               are reviews     of engagements
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     consistently
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     consistently      followed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       followed    at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   at
                                   and
                                   and
                                   and                                            transparency
                                                                                  transparency
                                                                                  transparency            at
                                                                                                          at
                                                                                                          at  all
                                                                                                              all
                                                                                                              all  levels,
                                                                                                                   levels,
                                                                                                                   levels,    the
                                                                                                                              the
                                                                                                                              the   company
                                                                                                                                    company
                                                                                                                                    company        ensures
                                                                                                                                                   ensures
                                                                                                                                                   ensures       that
                                                                                                                                                                 that
                                                                                                                                                                 that    client
                                                                                                                                                                         client
                                                                                                                                                                         client  objectives
                                                                                                                                                                                 objectives
                                                                                                                                                                                 objectives      and
                                                                                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                                                                                 and    its
                                                                                                                                                                                                        its
                                                                                                                                                                                                        its own
                                                                                                                                                                                                            own
                                                                                                                                                                                                            own     targets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    targets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    targets    are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               are   consistently
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     consistently
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     consistently      followed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       followed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       followed    at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   at
                                   and
                                   and
                                   andtimes.                                      transparency
                                                                                  transparency
                                                                                  transparency            at
                                                                                                          at
                                                                                                          at  all
                                                                                                              all  levels,
                                                                                                                   levels,
                                                                                                              all levels,     the
                                                                                                                              the   company
                                                                                                                                    company
                                                                                                                                    companyCGI
                                                                                                                              the enables          ensures
                                                                                                                                                   ensures
                                                                                                                                                   ensures       that
                                                                                                                                                                 that
                                                                                                                                                                 that    client
                                                                                                                                                                         client
                                                                                                                                                                         client  objectives
                                                                                                                                                                                 objectives      and
                                                                                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                                                                 objectives and its     its
                                                                                                                                                                                                        its own
                                                                                                                                                                                                            own     targets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    targets
                                                                                                                                                                                                            own targets        are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               are   consistently
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     consistently
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     consistentlyby    followed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       followed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       followed    at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   at
                                   all
                                   all
                                   all                                          times.
                                                                                times.      This
                                                                                            This
                                                                                            This     thorough
                                                                                                     thorough
                                                                                                     thorough         process
                                                                                                                      process
                                                                                                                      process       enables
                                                                                                                                    enables       CGI
                                                                                                                                                  CGI    to
                                                                                                                                                         to
                                                                                                                                                         to    generate
                                                                                                                                                               generate
                                                                                                                                                               generate       continuous
                                                                                                                                                                              continuous
                                                                                                                                                                              continuous        improvements
                                                                                                                                                                                                improvements
                                                                                                                                                                                                improvements           for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       for  all
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            all
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            all  stakeholders
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 stakeholders
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 stakeholders         by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      by  applying
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          applying
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          applying
                                   all
                                   all
                                   all                                          times.
                                                                                times.
                                                                                times.      This
                                                                                            This
                                                                                            This     thorough
                                                                                                     thorough
                                                                                                     thorough         process
                                                                                                                      process
                                                                                                                      process       enables
                                                                                                                                    enables
                                                                                                                                    enables       CGI
                                                                                                                                                  CGI
                                                                                                                                                  CGI    to
                                                                                                                                                         to
                                                                                                                                                         to    generate
                                                                                                                                                               generate
                                                                                                                                                               generate       continuous
                                                                                                                                                                              continuous
                                                                                                                                                                              continuous        improvements
                                                                                                                                                                                                improvements
                                                                                                                                                                                                improvements           for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       for  all
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            all
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            all  stakeholders
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 stakeholders
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 stakeholders         by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      by  applying
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          applying
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          applying
                                   all
                                   all
                                   corrective                                   times.
                                                                                times.      This
                                                                                            This
                                                                                             measuresthorough
                                                                                                     thorough  as     process
                                                                                                                      process
                                                                                                                     soon    as     enables
                                                                                                                                    enables
                                                                                                                                  they    are     CGI
                                                                                                                                                  CGI
                                                                                                                                                required.to
                                                                                                                                                         to    generate
                                                                                                                                                               generate       continuous
                                                                                                                                                                              continuous        improvements
                                                                                                                                                                                                improvements           for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       for  all
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            all  stakeholders
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 stakeholders         by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      by  applying
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          applying
                                   corrective
                                   corrective
                                   corrective                                                measures
                                                                                             measures
                                                                                             measures          as
                                                                                                               as
                                                                                                               as    soon
                                                                                                                     soon
                                                                                                                     soon    as
                                                                                                                             as
                                                                                                                             as   they
                                                                                                                                  they
                                                                                                                                  they    are
                                                                                                                                          are
                                                                                                                                          are   required.
                                                                                                                                                required.
                                                                                                                                                required.
                                   corrective
                                   corrective measures
                                   corrective                                                measures as
                                                                                             measures          as soon
                                                                                                               as    soon as
                                                                                                                     soon    as they
                                                                                                                             as   they are
                                                                                                                                  they    are required.
                                                                                                                                          are   required.
                                                                                                                                                required.
                                   corrective                                                measures          as    soon    as   they    are   required.
                                   ••• Corporate                              Corporate
                                                                              Corporate           social
                                                                                                  social
                                                                                                  social      responsibility:
                                                                                                              responsibility:
                                                                                                              responsibility:            Corporate
                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                                                                                         Corporate       social
                                                                                                                                                         social
                                                                                                                                                         social     responsibility
                                                                                                                                                                    responsibility
                                                                                                                                                                    responsibility       is
                                                                                                                                                                                         is
                                                                                                                                                                                         is  one
                                                                                                                                                                                             one
                                                                                                                                                                                             one   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                   of  CGI’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                       CGI’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                       CGI’s      core
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  core
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  core   values.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         values.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         values.      Our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Our   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            business      model
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          model
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          model    is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   is
                                     ••• Corporate                            Corporate
                                                                              Corporate           social
                                                                                                  social
                                                                                                  social      responsibility:
                                                                                                              responsibility:
                                                                                                              responsibility:            Corporate
                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                                                                                         Corporate       social
                                                                                                                                                         social
                                                                                                                                                         social     responsibility
                                                                                                                                                                    responsibility
                                                                                                                                                                    responsibility       is
                                                                                                                                                                                         is
                                                                                                                                                                                         is  one
                                                                                                                                                                                             one
                                                                                                                                                                                             one   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                   of  CGI’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                       CGI’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                       CGI’s      core
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  core
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  core   values.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         values.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         values.      Our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Our   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            business      model
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          model
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          model    is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   is
                                       ••designed                             Corporate
                                                                              Corporate    to     social
                                                                                                  social
                                                                                                ensure        responsibility:
                                                                                                              responsibility:
                                                                                                             that    we    are  close    Corporate
                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                                                                                           to our        social
                                                                                                                                                         social
                                                                                                                                                   clients     and  responsibility
                                                                                                                                                                    responsibility
                                                                                                                                                                      communities.       is
                                                                                                                                                                                         is  one
                                                                                                                                                                                             one
                                                                                                                                                                                            At     of
                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                CGI,   CGI’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                       CGI’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                        our       core
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  core
                                                                                                                                                                                                              members    values.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         values.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             embrace  Our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Our   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           our            model
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          model
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 responsibilities  is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   is
                                         designed
                                         designed
                                         designed                                          to
                                                                                           to
                                                                                           to   ensure
                                                                                                ensure
                                                                                                ensure       that
                                                                                                             that
                                                                                                             that    we
                                                                                                                     we
                                                                                                                     we    are
                                                                                                                           are
                                                                                                                           are  close
                                                                                                                                close
                                                                                                                                close      to
                                                                                                                                           to
                                                                                                                                           to our
                                                                                                                                              our
                                                                                                                                              our  clients
                                                                                                                                                   clients
                                                                                                                                                   clients     and
                                                                                                                                                               and
                                                                                                                                                               and    communities.
                                                                                                                                                                      communities.
                                                                                                                                                                      communities.          At
                                                                                                                                                                                            At
                                                                                                                                                                                            At  CGI,
                                                                                                                                                                                                CGI,
                                                                                                                                                                                                CGI,    our
                                                                                                                                                                                                        our
                                                                                                                                                                                                        our   members
                                                                                                                                                                                                              members
                                                                                                                                                                                                              members        embrace
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             embrace
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             embrace       our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           our   responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 responsibilities
                                         designed
                                         designed
                                         designed                                          to
                                                                                           to
                                                                                           to   ensure
                                                                                                ensure
                                                                                                ensure       that
                                                                                                             that
                                                                                                             that    we
                                                                                                                     we
                                                                                                                     we    are
                                                                                                                           are
                                                                                                                           are  close
                                                                                                                                close
                                                                                                                                close      to
                                                                                                                                           to
                                                                                                                                           to our
                                                                                                                                              our
                                                                                                                                              our  clients
                                                                                                                                                   clients
                                                                                                                                                   clients     and
                                                                                                                                                               and
                                                                                                                                                               and    communities.
                                                                                                                                                                      communities.
                                                                                                                                                                      communities.          At
                                                                                                                                                                                            At
                                                                                                                                                                                            At  CGI,
                                                                                                                                                                                                CGI,
                                                                                                                                                                                                CGI,    our
                                                                                                                                                                                                        our
                                                                                                                                                                                                        our   members
                                                                                                                                                                                                              members
                                                                                                                                                                                                              members        embrace
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             embrace
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             embrace       our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           our   responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 responsibilities
                                         designed
                                         to
                                         to                                    contribute
                                                                               contribute  to toensure
                                                                                                  to  the
                                                                                                      the    that               close
                                                                                                                     we areimprovement
                                                                                                             continuous
                                                                                                             continuous        improvement to our of
                                                                                                                                                   clients
                                                                                                                                                     of the
                                                                                                                                                        the    and    communities.
                                                                                                                                                               economic,
                                                                                                                                                               economic,        social
                                                                                                                                                                                social      At CGI,
                                                                                                                                                                                          and
                                                                                                                                                                                          and           our
                                                                                                                                                                                                 environmental
                                                                                                                                                                                                 environmentalmembers        embrace
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       well-being
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       well-being       of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        of the   responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           our communities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           the   communities       in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                         to
                                         to
                                         to                                    contribute
                                                                               contribute
                                                                               contribute         to
                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                  to  the
                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                      the    continuous
                                                                                                             continuous
                                                                                                             continuous        improvement
                                                                                                                               improvement
                                                                                                                               improvement           of
                                                                                                                                                     of
                                                                                                                                                     of the
                                                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                                                        the    economic,
                                                                                                                                                               economic,
                                                                                                                                                               economic,        social
                                                                                                                                                                                social
                                                                                                                                                                                social    and
                                                                                                                                                                                          and
                                                                                                                                                                                          and    environmental
                                                                                                                                                                                                 environmental
                                                                                                                                                                                                 environmental         well-being
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       well-being
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       well-being       of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           the   communities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 communities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 communities       in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                         to
                                         to
                                         to                                    contribute
                                                                               contribute
                                                                               contribute         to
                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                  to  the
                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                      the    continuous
                                                                                                             continuous
                                                                                                             continuous        improvement
                                                                                                                               improvement
                                                                                                                               improvement           of
                                                                                                                                                     of
                                                                                                                                                     of the
                                                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                                                        the    economic,
                                                                                                                                                               economic,
                                                                                                                                                               economic,        social
                                                                                                                                                                                social
                                                                                                                                                                                social    and
                                                                                                                                                                                          and
                                                                                                                                                                                          and    environmental
                                                                                                                                                                                                 environmental
                                                                                                                                                                                                 environmental         well-being
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       well-being
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       well-being       of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           the   communities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 communities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 communities       in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                         which
                                         which
                                         which                                       we
                                                                                     we
                                                                                     we     live
                                                                                            live
                                                                                            live    and
                                                                                                    and
                                                                                                    and    work.
                                                                                                           work.
                                                                                                           work.
                                         which
                                         which
                                         which                                       we
                                                                                     we
                                                                                     we     live
                                                                                            live
                                                                                            live    and
                                                                                                    and
                                                                                                    and    work.
                                                                                                           work.
                                                                                                           work.
                                         which
                                         which we live and work.                     we     live    and    work.
      1.3.
      1.3.
      1.3.                                                                   COMPETITIVE
                                                                             COMPETITIVE
                                                                             COMPETITIVE                 ENVIRONMENT
                                                                                                         ENVIRONMENT
                                                                                                         ENVIRONMENT
      1.3.
      1.3.
      1.3.                                                                   COMPETITIVE
                                                                             COMPETITIVE                 ENVIRONMENT
                                                                                                         ENVIRONMENT
      1.3. COMPETITIVE
      1.3.                                                                   COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT
                                                                             COMPETITIVE                 ENVIRONMENT
                                                                                                         ENVIRONMENT
      In
      In
      In today’s
         today’s
         today’s                                                                      digital
                                                                                      digital
                                                                                      digital     era,
                                                                                                  era,
                                                                                                  era,   there
                                                                                                         there
                                                                                                         there    is
                                                                                                                  is
                                                                                                                  is  a
                                                                                                                      a
                                                                                                                      a  competitive
                                                                                                                         competitive
                                                                                                                         competitive         urgency
                                                                                                                                             urgency
                                                                                                                                             urgency     for
                                                                                                                                                         for
                                                                                                                                                         for   organizations
                                                                                                                                                               organizations
                                                                                                                                                               organizations        across
                                                                                                                                                                                    across
                                                                                                                                                                                    across     industries
                                                                                                                                                                                               industries
                                                                                                                                                                                               industries      to
                                                                                                                                                                                                               to
                                                                                                                                                                                                               to  become
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   become
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   become      digital
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               digital
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               digital   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         in a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            a  sustainable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               sustainable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               sustainable      way.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                way.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                way.
      In
      In
      In today’s
         today’s
         today’s                                                                      digital
                                                                                      digital
                                                                                      digital     era,
                                                                                                  era,
                                                                                                  era,   there
                                                                                                         there
                                                                                                         there    is
                                                                                                                  is
                                                                                                                  is  a
                                                                                                                      a
                                                                                                                      a  competitive
                                                                                                                         competitive
                                                                                                                         competitive         urgency
                                                                                                                                             urgency
                                                                                                                                             urgency     for
                                                                                                                                                         for
                                                                                                                                                         for   organizations
                                                                                                                                                               organizations
                                                                                                                                                               organizations        across
                                                                                                                                                                                    across
                                                                                                                                                                                    across     industries
                                                                                                                                                                                               industries
                                                                                                                                                                                               industries      to
                                                                                                                                                                                                               to
                                                                                                                                                                                                               to  become
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   become
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   become      digital
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               digital
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               digital   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         in a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            a  sustainable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               sustainable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               sustainable      way.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                way.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                way.
      In
      The
      In
      Thetoday’s
         today’s                                                              pressure
                                                                              pressuredigital
                                                                                      digital is
                                                                                              is  era,
                                                                                                  on
                                                                                                  era,
                                                                                                  on   to
                                                                                                       tothere
                                                                                                         there    is
                                                                                                            modernize
                                                                                                                  is
                                                                                                            modernize a
                                                                                                                      a  competitive
                                                                                                                              legacy
                                                                                                                         competitive
                                                                                                                              legacy         urgency
                                                                                                                                          assets
                                                                                                                                             urgency
                                                                                                                                          assets     and
                                                                                                                                                     and for
                                                                                                                                                         for   organizations
                                                                                                                                                            connect       them
                                                                                                                                                               organizations
                                                                                                                                                            connect       them    to
                                                                                                                                                                                  toacross
                                                                                                                                                                                      digital
                                                                                                                                                                                    across
                                                                                                                                                                                      digital  industries
                                                                                                                                                                                                 business
                                                                                                                                                                                               industries
                                                                                                                                                                                                 business      to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                and
                                                                                                                                                                                                               to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                andbecome
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      operating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   become
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      operatingdigital
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               digital   in a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      models.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         in a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      models.  sustainable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Central
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               sustainable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Central    to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             to way.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                way.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 this
      The
      The
      The                                                                     pressure
                                                                              pressure
                                                                              pressure        is
                                                                                              is
                                                                                              is  on
                                                                                                  on
                                                                                                  on   to
                                                                                                       to
                                                                                                       to   modernize
                                                                                                            modernize
                                                                                                            modernize         legacy
                                                                                                                              legacy
                                                                                                                              legacy      assets
                                                                                                                                          assets
                                                                                                                                          assets     and
                                                                                                                                                     and
                                                                                                                                                     and    connect
                                                                                                                                                            connect
                                                                                                                                                            connect       them
                                                                                                                                                                          them
                                                                                                                                                                          them    to
                                                                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                                                                  to  digital
                                                                                                                                                                                      digital
                                                                                                                                                                                      digital    business
                                                                                                                                                                                                 business
                                                                                                                                                                                                 business       and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                and   operating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      operating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      operating       models.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      models.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      models.     Central
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Central
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Central    to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             to  this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 this
      The
      The
      massive
      The                                                                     pressure
                                                                              pressure
                                                                                    transformation
                                                                              pressure        is
                                                                                              is
                                                                                              is  on
                                                                                                  on
                                                                                                  on   to
                                                                                                       to
                                                                                                       to   modernize
                                                                                                            modernize
                                                                                                              is  the
                                                                                                            modernize         legacy
                                                                                                                              legacy
                                                                                                                        evolving
                                                                                                                              legacy      assets
                                                                                                                                          assets
                                                                                                                                       role   of
                                                                                                                                          assets     and
                                                                                                                                                     and
                                                                                                                                                 technology.
                                                                                                                                                     and    connect
                                                                                                                                                            connect
                                                                                                                                                            connect       them
                                                                                                                                                                          them
                                                                                                                                                                     Traditionally
                                                                                                                                                                          them    to
                                                                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                                                                  to  digital
                                                                                                                                                                                      digital
                                                                                                                                                                                        viewed
                                                                                                                                                                                      digital    business
                                                                                                                                                                                                 business
                                                                                                                                                                                                    as
                                                                                                                                                                                                 businessan     and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                and
                                                                                                                                                                                                              enabler,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                and   operating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      operating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      operating       models.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      models.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      models.     Central
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Central
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                now
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Central    to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       recognized
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             to  this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 this
      massive
      massive
      massive                                                                       transformation
                                                                                    transformation
                                                                                    transformation            is
                                                                                                              is
                                                                                                              is  the
                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                  the   evolving
                                                                                                                        evolving
                                                                                                                        evolving       role
                                                                                                                                       role
                                                                                                                                       role   of
                                                                                                                                              of
                                                                                                                                              of technology.
                                                                                                                                                 technology.
                                                                                                                                                 technology.         Traditionally
                                                                                                                                                                     Traditionally
                                                                                                                                                                     Traditionally      viewed
                                                                                                                                                                                        viewed
                                                                                                                                                                                        viewed      as
                                                                                                                                                                                                    as
                                                                                                                                                                                                    as   an
                                                                                                                                                                                                         an
                                                                                                                                                                                                         an   enabler,
                                                                                                                                                                                                              enabler,
                                                                                                                                                                                                              enabler,     technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           technology       is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            is  now
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                now
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                now    recognized
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       recognized
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       recognized
      massive
      massive
      massive                                                                       transformation
                                                                                    transformation
                                                                                    transformation            is
                                                                                                              is
                                                                                                              is  the
                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                  the   evolving
                                                                                                                        evolving
                                                                                                                        evolving       role
                                                                                                                                       role
                                                                                                                                       role   of
                                                                                                                                              of
                                                                                                                                              of technology.
                                                                                                                                                 technology.
                                                                                                                                                 technology.         Traditionally
                                                                                                                                                                     Traditionally
                                                                                                                                                                     Traditionally      viewed
                                                                                                                                                                                        viewed
                                                                                                                                                                                        viewed      as
                                                                                                                                                                                                    as
                                                                                                                                                                                                    as   an
                                                                                                                                                                                                         an
                                                                                                                                                                                                         an   enabler,
                                                                                                                                                                                                              enabler,
                                                                                                                                                                                                              enabler,     technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           technology       is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            is  now
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                now
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                now    recognized
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       recognized
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       recognized
      also
      massive
      also
      also                                                                    as
                                                                              as
                                                                              as  a
                                                                                  a
                                                                                  a driver
                                                                                    transformation
                                                                                    driver
                                                                                    driver      of
                                                                                                of
                                                                                                of  business
                                                                                                    business
                                                                                                    business  is    transformation.
                                                                                                                  the   evolving
                                                                                                                    transformation.
                                                                                                                    transformation.    role  The
                                                                                                                                              of
                                                                                                                                             The
                                                                                                                                             The   promise
                                                                                                                                                 technology.
                                                                                                                                                   promise
                                                                                                                                                   promise       of
                                                                                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                                                                                 of  digital
                                                                                                                                                                     digital
                                                                                                                                                                     digital  creates
                                                                                                                                                                     Traditionally
                                                                                                                                                                              creates
                                                                                                                                                                              creates      an
                                                                                                                                                                                        viewed
                                                                                                                                                                                           an
                                                                                                                                                                                           an  enormous
                                                                                                                                                                                                    as
                                                                                                                                                                                               enormous
                                                                                                                                                                                               enormous  an     opportunity
                                                                                                                                                                                                              enabler,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                opportunity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                opportunity     to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                to   transform
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     transform
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     transform  noworganizations
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       recognized
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   organizations
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   organizations
      also
      also
      also                                                                    as
                                                                              as
                                                                              as  a
                                                                                  a driver
                                                                                    driver      of
                                                                                                of  business
                                                                                                    business        transformation.
                                                                                                                    transformation.          The
                                                                                                                                             The   promise
                                                                                                                                                   promise       of
                                                                                                                                                                 of  digital
                                                                                                                                                                     digital  creates
                                                                                                                                                                              creates      an
                                                                                                                                                                                           an  enormous
                                                                                                                                                                                               enormous         opportunity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                opportunity     to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                to   transform
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     transform     organizations
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   organizations
      also
      end-to-end,
      also
      end-to-end,
      end-to-end,                                                             as a
                                                                              as  a driver
                                                                                  a driver
                                                                                         and
                                                                                    driver
                                                                                         and
                                                                                         and
                                                                                                of
                                                                                                of  business
                                                                                                    business
                                                                                                ofCGI
                                                                                                    business
                                                                                                  CGI
                                                                                                  CGI     is
                                                                                                          is
                                                                                                          is
                                                                                                                    transformation.
                                                                                                                    transformation.
                                                                                                              well-positioned
                                                                                                                    transformation.
                                                                                                              well-positioned
                                                                                                              well-positioned          to
                                                                                                                                       to
                                                                                                                                       to    The promise
                                                                                                                                             The
                                                                                                                                             The
                                                                                                                                            serve
                                                                                                                                            serve
                                                                                                                                            serve
                                                                                                                                                   promise
                                                                                                                                                    as
                                                                                                                                                    as   a
                                                                                                                                                   promise
                                                                                                                                                    as   a
                                                                                                                                                         a
                                                                                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                                                                                 of digital
                                                                                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                                                                             digital
                                                                                                                                                             digital
                                                                                                                                                             digital
                                                                                                                                                                     digital
                                                                                                                                                                       partner
                                                                                                                                                                     digital
                                                                                                                                                                       partner
                                                                                                                                                                       partner
                                                                                                                                                                              creates
                                                                                                                                                                              creates
                                                                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                                                              creates
                                                                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                                                                           an
                                                                                                                                                                                           an
                                                                                                                                                                                         expert
                                                                                                                                                                                           an
                                                                                                                                                                                         expert
                                                                                                                                                                                         expert
                                                                                                                                                                                               enormous
                                                                                                                                                                                               enormous
                                                                                                                                                                                                    of
                                                                                                                                                                                               enormous
                                                                                                                                                                                                    of
                                                                                                                                                                                                    of choice.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       choice.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       choice.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                opportunity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                opportunity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    We   are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                opportunity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    We
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    We   are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                to   transform
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               working
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                to   transform
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               working      with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     transform
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               working      with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   organizations
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   organizations
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   organizations
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   clients  across
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            across
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            across
      end-to-end,
      end-to-end,
      end-to-end,                                                                        and
                                                                                         and
                                                                                         and      CGI
                                                                                                  CGI
                                                                                                  CGI     is
                                                                                                          is
                                                                                                          is  well-positioned
                                                                                                              well-positioned
                                                                                                              well-positioned          to
                                                                                                                                       to
                                                                                                                                       to   serve
                                                                                                                                            serve
                                                                                                                                            serve   as
                                                                                                                                                    as
                                                                                                                                                    as   a
                                                                                                                                                         a
                                                                                                                                                         a   digital
                                                                                                                                                             digital
                                                                                                                                                             digital   partner
                                                                                                                                                                       partner
                                                                                                                                                                       partner    and
                                                                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                                                                  and    expert
                                                                                                                                                                                         expert
                                                                                                                                                                                         expert     of
                                                                                                                                                                                                    of
                                                                                                                                                                                                    of choice.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       choice.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       choice.      We
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    We
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    We   are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         are   working
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               working
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               working      with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            with   clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   clients  across
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            across
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            across
      end-to-end,
      the
      end-to-end,
      the                                                                    globe
                                                                             globe    to
                                                                                      to and
                                                                                         and      CGI
                                                                                          implement
                                                                                                  CGI
                                                                                          implement       is
                                                                                                          is  well-positioned
                                                                                                              digital
                                                                                                              well-positioned
                                                                                                              digital     strategies,
                                                                                                                          strategies,  to
                                                                                                                                       to   serve
                                                                                                                                            roadmaps
                                                                                                                                            serve
                                                                                                                                            roadmapsas
                                                                                                                                                    as   a
                                                                                                                                                         a   digital
                                                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                                                             digital
                                                                                                                                                             and       partner
                                                                                                                                                                    solutions
                                                                                                                                                                       partner
                                                                                                                                                                    solutions     and
                                                                                                                                                                                  that
                                                                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                                                                  that   expert     of
                                                                                                                                                                                          revolutionize
                                                                                                                                                                                         expert     of
                                                                                                                                                                                          revolutionizechoice.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       choice.the
                                                                                                                                                                                                              the   We
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    customer/citizen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    We   are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         are   working
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               working
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    customer/citizen        with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             experience,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            with   clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   clients
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             experience,    across
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               drive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            across
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               drive
      the
      the
      the                                                                    globe
                                                                             globe
                                                                             globe    to
                                                                                      to
                                                                                      to  implement
                                                                                          implement
                                                                                          implement           digital
                                                                                                              digital
                                                                                                              digital     strategies,
                                                                                                                          strategies,
                                                                                                                          strategies,       roadmaps
                                                                                                                                            roadmaps
                                                                                                                                            roadmaps         and
                                                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                                                             and    solutions
                                                                                                                                                                    solutions
                                                                                                                                                                    solutions     that
                                                                                                                                                                                  that
                                                                                                                                                                                  that    revolutionize
                                                                                                                                                                                          revolutionize
                                                                                                                                                                                          revolutionize       the
                                                                                                                                                                                                              the
                                                                                                                                                                                                              the   customer/citizen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    customer/citizen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    customer/citizen         experience,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             experience,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             experience,       drive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               drive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               drive
      the
      the
      the                                                                    globe
                                                                             globe
                                                                            launch
                                                                             globe    to
                                                                                      to
                                                                                      toofimplement
                                                                                          implement
                                                                                             new
                                                                                          implement  products digital
                                                                                                              digital
                                                                                                              digitaland  strategies,
                                                                                                                          strategies,
                                                                                                                            services,
                                                                                                                          strategies,       roadmaps
                                                                                                                                            roadmaps
                                                                                                                                            and  deliver
                                                                                                                                            roadmaps         and
                                                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                                                             and    solutions
                                                                                                                                                                    solutions
                                                                                                                                                              efficiencies
                                                                                                                                                                    solutions  andthat
                                                                                                                                                                                  that
                                                                                                                                                                                  thatcostrevolutionize
                                                                                                                                                                                          revolutionize
                                                                                                                                                                                              savings.
                                                                                                                                                                                          revolutionize       the
                                                                                                                                                                                                              the
                                                                                                                                                                                                              the   customer/citizen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    customer/citizen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    customer/citizen         experience,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             experience,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             experience,       drive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               drive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               drive
      the
      the                                                                   launch
                                                                            launch
                                                                            launch      of
                                                                                        of
                                                                                        of   new
                                                                                             new
                                                                                             new     products
                                                                                                     products
                                                                                                     products        and
                                                                                                                     and
                                                                                                                     and    services,
                                                                                                                            services,
                                                                                                                            services,       and
                                                                                                                                            and
                                                                                                                                            and  deliver
                                                                                                                                                 deliver
                                                                                                                                                 deliver      efficiencies
                                                                                                                                                              efficiencies
                                                                                                                                                              efficiencies     and
                                                                                                                                                                               and
                                                                                                                                                                               and    cost
                                                                                                                                                                                      cost
                                                                                                                                                                                      cost    savings.
                                                                                                                                                                                              savings.
                                                                                                                                                                                              savings.
      the
      the
      the                                                                   launch
                                                                            launch
                                                                            launch      of
                                                                                        of
                                                                                        of   new
                                                                                             new
                                                                                             new     products
                                                                                                     products
                                                                                                     products        and
                                                                                                                     and
                                                                                                                     and    services,
                                                                                                                            services,
                                                                                                                            services,       and
                                                                                                                                            and
                                                                                                                                            and  deliver
                                                                                                                                                 deliver
                                                                                                                                                 deliver      efficiencies
                                                                                                                                                              efficiencies
                                                                                                                                                              efficiencies     and
                                                                                                                                                                               and
                                                                                                                                                                               and    cost
                                                                                                                                                                                      cost
                                                                                                                                                                                      cost    savings.
                                                                                                                                                                                              savings.
                                                                                                                                                                                              savings.
      the launch of new products and services, and deliver efficiencies and cost savings.
      As
      As
      As  the
          the
          the                                                                   demand
                                                                                demand
                                                                                demand         for
                                                                                               for
                                                                                               for   digitalization
                                                                                                     digitalization
                                                                                                     digitalization        increases,
                                                                                                                           increases,
                                                                                                                           increases,       competition
                                                                                                                                            competition
                                                                                                                                            competition       within
                                                                                                                                                              within
                                                                                                                                                              within    the
                                                                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                                                                        the  global
                                                                                                                                                                             global
                                                                                                                                                                             global    IT
                                                                                                                                                                                       IT
                                                                                                                                                                                       IT  industry
                                                                                                                                                                                           industry
                                                                                                                                                                                           industry    is
                                                                                                                                                                                                       is
                                                                                                                                                                                                       is intensifying.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          intensifying.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          intensifying.      CGI’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             CGI’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             CGI’s     competition
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       competition
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       competition      comprises
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        comprises
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        comprises
      As
      As
      As  the
          the
          the                                                                   demand
                                                                                demand
                                                                                demand         for
                                                                                               for
                                                                                               for   digitalization
                                                                                                     digitalization
                                                                                                     digitalization        increases,
                                                                                                                           increases,
                                                                                                                           increases,       competition
                                                                                                                                            competition
                                                                                                                                            competition       within
                                                                                                                                                              within
                                                                                                                                                              within    the
                                                                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                                                                        the  global
                                                                                                                                                                             global
                                                                                                                                                                             global    IT
                                                                                                                                                                                       IT
                                                                                                                                                                                       IT  industry
                                                                                                                                                                                           industry
                                                                                                                                                                                           industry    is
                                                                                                                                                                                                       is
                                                                                                                                                                                                       is intensifying.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          intensifying.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          intensifying.      CGI’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             CGI’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             CGI’s     competition
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       competition
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       competition      comprises
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        comprises
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        comprises
      As
      a
      As
      a   the
        variety
          the
        variety                                                                 demand
                                                                                    of
                                                                                demand
                                                                                    of         for
                                                                                        players,
                                                                                               for
                                                                                        players,     digitalization
                                                                                                       from
                                                                                                     digitalization
                                                                                                       from    metro
                                                                                                               metro       increases,
                                                                                                                          market
                                                                                                                           increases,
                                                                                                                          market            competition
                                                                                                                                     companies
                                                                                                                                            competition
                                                                                                                                     companies                within
                                                                                                                                                      providing
                                                                                                                                                              within
                                                                                                                                                      providing         the  global
                                                                                                                                                                      specialized
                                                                                                                                                                        the  global
                                                                                                                                                                      specialized      IT  industry
                                                                                                                                                                                        services
                                                                                                                                                                                       IT  industry
                                                                                                                                                                                        services       is
                                                                                                                                                                                                     and
                                                                                                                                                                                                       is
                                                                                                                                                                                                     and  intensifying.
                                                                                                                                                                                                            software,
                                                                                                                                                                                                          intensifying.
                                                                                                                                                                                                            software,     to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          to CGI’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             global,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             CGI’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             global,   competition
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         end-to-end
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       competition
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         end-to-end     comprises
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         IT service
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        comprises
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         IT service
      a
      a
      a variety
        variety
        variety                                                                     of
                                                                                    of
                                                                                    of  players,
                                                                                        players,
                                                                                        players,       from
                                                                                                       from
                                                                                                       from    metro
                                                                                                               metro
                                                                                                               metro      market
                                                                                                                          market
                                                                                                                          market     companies
                                                                                                                                     companies
                                                                                                                                     companies        providing
                                                                                                                                                      providing
                                                                                                                                                      providing       specialized
                                                                                                                                                                      specialized
                                                                                                                                                                      specialized       services
                                                                                                                                                                                        services
                                                                                                                                                                                        services     and
                                                                                                                                                                                                     and
                                                                                                                                                                                                     and    software,
                                                                                                                                                                                                            software,
                                                                                                                                                                                                            software,     to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          to global,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             global,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             global,     end-to-end
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         end-to-end
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         end-to-end      IT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         IT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         IT service
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            service
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            service
      a
      a
      a variety
        variety
      providers,
        variety                                                                     of
                                                                                    of
                                                                                    of  players,
                                                                                        players,
                                                                                       to  large
                                                                                        players,       from
                                                                                                       from
                                                                                                      consulting
                                                                                                       from    metro
                                                                                                               metro
                                                                                                               metro      market
                                                                                                                          market
                                                                                                                        firms
                                                                                                                          market and companies
                                                                                                                                     companies
                                                                                                                                        government
                                                                                                                                     companies        providing
                                                                                                                                                      providing
                                                                                                                                                      providing       specialized
                                                                                                                                                                      specialized
                                                                                                                                                            pure-plays.       All
                                                                                                                                                                      specialized  of   services
                                                                                                                                                                                        services
                                                                                                                                                                                       these
                                                                                                                                                                                        services     and
                                                                                                                                                                                                     and
                                                                                                                                                                                                 players
                                                                                                                                                                                                     and    software,
                                                                                                                                                                                                            software,
                                                                                                                                                                                                             are
                                                                                                                                                                                                            software,     to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   competing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          to global,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             global,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             global,to   end-to-end
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         end-to-end
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        deliver
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         end-to-endsome  IT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         IT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         IT service
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            service
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           or  all
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            serviceof
      providers,
      providers,
      providers,                                                                       to
                                                                                       to
                                                                                       to  large
                                                                                           large
                                                                                           large      consulting
                                                                                                      consulting
                                                                                                      consulting        firms
                                                                                                                        firms
                                                                                                                        firms    and
                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                 and    government
                                                                                                                                        government
                                                                                                                                        government          pure-plays.
                                                                                                                                                            pure-plays.
                                                                                                                                                            pure-plays.       All
                                                                                                                                                                              All
                                                                                                                                                                              All  of
                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                   of  these
                                                                                                                                                                                       these
                                                                                                                                                                                       these     players
                                                                                                                                                                                                 players
                                                                                                                                                                                                 players     are
                                                                                                                                                                                                             are
                                                                                                                                                                                                             are   competing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   competing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   competing        to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    to  deliver
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        deliver
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        deliver    some
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   some
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   some    or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           or  all
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               all
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               all of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
      providers,
      providers,
      providers,                                                                       to
                                                                                       to
                                                                                       to  large
                                                                                           large
                                                                                           large      consulting
                                                                                                      consulting
                                                                                                      consulting        firms
                                                                                                                        firms
                                                                                                                        firms    and
                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                 and    government
                                                                                                                                        government
                                                                                                                                        government          pure-plays.
                                                                                                                                                            pure-plays.
                                                                                                                                                            pure-plays.       All
                                                                                                                                                                              All
                                                                                                                                                                              All  of
                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                   of  these
                                                                                                                                                                                       these
                                                                                                                                                                                       these     players
                                                                                                                                                                                                 players
                                                                                                                                                                                                 players     are
                                                                                                                                                                                                             are
                                                                                                                                                                                                             are   competing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   competing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   competing        to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    to  deliver
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        deliver
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        deliver    some
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   some
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   some    or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           or  all
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               all
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               all of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
      the
      providers,
      the
      the                                                                   services
                                                                            services
                                                                            services   to we
                                                                                           large
                                                                                          we
                                                                                          we      provide.
                                                                                                      consulting
                                                                                                  provide.
                                                                                                  provide.              firms    and    government          pure-plays.       All  of  these     players     are   competing        to  deliver    some    or  all of
      the
      the
      the                                                                   services
                                                                            services
                                                                            services      we
                                                                                          we
                                                                                          we      provide.
                                                                                                  provide.
                                                                                                  provide.
      the
      the services we provide.                                              services      we      provide.
       Many
       Many
       Many                                                                     factors
                                                                                factors
                                                                                factors       distinguish
                                                                                              distinguish
                                                                                              distinguish       the
                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                the    industry
                                                                                                                       industry
                                                                                                                       industry      leaders,
                                                                                                                                     leaders,
                                                                                                                                     leaders,     including
                                                                                                                                                  including
                                                                                                                                                  including       the
                                                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                                                  the   following:
                                                                                                                                                                        following:
                                                                                                                                                                        following:
       Many
       Many
       Many                                                                     factors
                                                                                factors       distinguish
                                                                                              distinguish       the
                                                                                                                the    industry
                                                                                                                       industry      leaders,
                                                                                                                                     leaders,     including
                                                                                                                                                  including       the
                                                                                                                                                                  the   following:
                                                                                                                                                                        following:
       Many factors
       Many                                                                     factors distinguish
                                                                                factors       distinguish the
                                                                                              distinguish       the industry
                                                                                                                the    industry leaders,
                                                                                                                       industry      leaders, including
                                                                                                                                     leaders,     including the
                                                                                                                                                  including       the following:
                                                                                                                                                                  the   following:
                                                                                                                                                                        following:
                                         •••• Depth                           Depth
                                                                              Depth
                                                                              Depth
                                                                                        and
                                                                                        and
                                                                                        and
                                                                                        and
                                                                                                 breadth
                                                                                                 breadth
                                                                                                 breadth
                                                                                                 breadth
                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                                   industry
                                                                                                                   industry
                                                                                                                   industry
                                                                                                                   industry
                                                                                                                                and
                                                                                                                                and
                                                                                                                                and
                                                                                                                                and
                                                                                                                                        technology
                                                                                                                                        technology
                                                                                                                                        technology
                                                                                                                                        technology
                                                                                                                                                         expertise;
                                                                                                                                                         expertise;
                                                                                                                                                         expertise;
                                                                                                                                                         expertise;
                                            ••• Depth                         Depth and and breadth
                                                                                                 breadth of    of industry
                                                                                                                   industry and and technology
                                                                                                                                        technology expertise;
                                              • Depth                         Depth     and
                                                                                        and      breadth
                                                                                                 breadth       of
                                                                                                               of  industry
                                                                                                                   industry     and
                                                                                                                                and     technology
                                                                                                                                        technology       expertise;
                                                                                                                                                         expertise;
                                                                                                                                                         expertise;
                                              •••• Local                      Local
                                                                              Local
                                                                              Local
                                                                                       presence
                                                                                       presence
                                                                                       presence
                                                                                       presence
                                                                                                         and
                                                                                                         and
                                                                                                         and
                                                                                                         and
                                                                                                                strength
                                                                                                                strength
                                                                                                                strength
                                                                                                                strength
                                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                                                   client
                                                                                                                                   client
                                                                                                                                   client
                                                                                                                                   client
                                                                                                                                             relationships;
                                                                                                                                             relationships;
                                                                                                                                             relationships;
                                                                                                                                             relationships;
                                                 ••• Local                    Local presence
                                                                                       presence and      and strength
                                                                                                                strength of    of client
                                                                                                                                   client relationships;
                                                   • Local                    Local    presence
                                                                                       presence          and
                                                                                                         and    strength
                                                                                                                strength       of
                                                                                                                               of  client
                                                                                                                                   client    relationships;
                                                                                                                                             relationships;
                                                                                                                                             relationships;
                                                   •••• Consistent,           Consistent,
                                                                              Consistent,
                                                                              Consistent,
                                                                                                  on-time,
                                                                                                  on-time,
                                                                                                  on-time,
                                                                                                  on-time,
                                                                                                                within-budget
                                                                                                                within-budget
                                                                                                                within-budget
                                                                                                                within-budget
                                                                                                                                        delivery
                                                                                                                                        delivery
                                                                                                                                        delivery
                                                                                                                                        delivery
                                                                                                                                                     everywhere
                                                                                                                                                     everywhere
                                                                                                                                                     everywhere
                                                                                                                                                     everywhere
                                                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                                                              client
                                                                                                                                                                              client
                                                                                                                                                                              client
                                                                                                                                                                              client
                                                                                                                                                                                       operates;
                                                                                                                                                                                       operates;
                                                                                                                                                                                       operates;
                                                                                                                                                                                       operates;
                                                      ••• Consistent,         Consistent, on-time,on-time, within-budget
                                                                                                                within-budget delivery  delivery everywhere
                                                                                                                                                     everywhere the      the client
                                                                                                                                                                              client operates;
                                                        • Consistent,         Consistent,         on-time,
                                                                                                  on-time,      within-budget
                                                                                                                within-budget           delivery
                                                                                                                                        delivery     everywhere
                                                                                                                                                     everywhere          the
                                                                                                                                                                         the  client
                                                                                                                                                                              client   operates;
                                                                                                                                                                                       operates;
                                                                                                                                                                                       operates;
                                                        ••• Breadth           Breadth
                                                                              Breadth       of
                                                                                            of
                                                                                            of   digital
                                                                                                 digital
                                                                                                 digital    IP
                                                                                                            IP
                                                                                                            IP  solutions;
                                                                                                                solutions;
                                                                                                                solutions;
                                                          ••• Breadth         Breadth       of
                                                                                            of   digital
                                                                                                 digital    IP
                                                                                                            IP  solutions;
                                                                                                                solutions;
                                                            •• Breadth        Breadth of
                                                                              Breadth       of digital
                                                                                            of   digital IP
                                                                                                 digital    IP solutions;
                                                                                                            IP  solutions;
                                                                                                                solutions;
                                                             ••• Ability      Ability
                                                                              Ability   to
                                                                                        to
                                                                                        to   deliver
                                                                                             deliver
                                                                                             deliver      practical
                                                                                                          practical
                                                                                                          practical      innovation
                                                                                                                         innovation
                                                                                                                         innovation        for
                                                                                                                                           for
                                                                                                                                           for  measurable
                                                                                                                                                measurable
                                                                                                                                                measurable         results;
                                                                                                                                                                   results;
                                                                                                                                                                   results;
                                                               •••• Ability   Ability   to
                                                                                        to   deliver
                                                                                             deliver      practical
                                                                                                          practical      innovation
                                                                                                                         innovation        for
                                                                                                                                           for  measurable
                                                                                                                                                measurable         results;
                                                                                                                                                                   results;
                                                                  • Ability to deliver practical innovation for measurable results;
                                                                              Ability
                                                                              Ability   to
                                                                                        to   deliver
                                                                                             deliver      practical
                                                                                                          practical      innovation
                                                                                                                         innovation        for
                                                                                                                                           for  measurable
                                                                                                                                                measurable         results;
                                                                                                                                                                   results;
                                                                  ••• Total   Total
                                                                              Total   cost
                                                                                      cost
                                                                                      cost     of
                                                                                               of
                                                                                               of   services
                                                                                                    services
                                                                                                    services      and
                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                  and     value
                                                                                                                          value
                                                                                                                          value    delivered;
                                                                                                                                   delivered;
                                                                                                                                   delivered;      and
                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                    •••• TotalTotal   cost
                                                                                      cost     of
                                                                                               of   services
                                                                                                    services      and
                                                                                                                  and     value
                                                                                                                          value    delivered;
                                                                                                                                   delivered;      and
                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                       • TotalTotal cost
                                                                              Total   cost of
                                                                                      cost     of services
                                                                                               of   services and
                                                                                                    services      and value
                                                                                                                  and     value delivered;
                                                                                                                          value    delivered; and
                                                                                                                                   delivered;      and
                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                       ••• Unique
                                                                              Unique
                                                                              Unique      global
                                                                                          global
                                                                                          global      delivery
                                                                                                      delivery
                                                                                                      delivery       network,
                                                                                                                     network,
                                                                                                                     network,      including
                                                                                                                                   including
                                                                                                                                   including      onshore,
                                                                                                                                                  onshore,
                                                                                                                                                  onshore,       nearshore
                                                                                                                                                                 nearshore
                                                                                                                                                                 nearshore        and
                                                                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                                                                  and   offshore
                                                                                                                                                                                        offshore
                                                                                                                                                                                        offshore     options.
                                                                                                                                                                                                     options.
                                                                                                                                                                                                     options.
                                                                              Unique
                                                                         •••• Unique
                                                                              Unique      global
                                                                                          global
                                                                                          global      delivery
                                                                                                      delivery
                                                                                                      delivery       network,
                                                                                                                     network,
                                                                                                                     network,      including
                                                                                                                                   including
                                                                                                                                   including      onshore,
                                                                                                                                                  onshore,
                                                                                                                                                  onshore,       nearshore
                                                                                                                                                                 nearshore
                                                                                                                                                                 nearshore        and
                                                                                                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                                                                                                  and   offshore
                                                                                                                                                                                        offshore
                                                                                                                                                                                        offshore     options.
                                                                                                                                                                                                     options.
                                                                                                                                                                                                     options.
                                                                            • Unique global delivery network, including onshore, nearshore and offshore options.
                                                                              Unique      global      delivery       network,      including      onshore,       nearshore        and   offshore     options.
      10
CGI
CGI Inc.
    Inc. --- Management's
             Management's Discussion
                          Discussion and
                                     and Analysis
                                         Analysis for
                                                  for the
                                                      the year
                                                          year ended
                                                               ended September
                                                                     September 30,
                                                                               30, 2020
                                                                                   2020                                                                                                                                                            Page
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Page        10
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               10
CGI Inc.
CGI
CGI Inc. -- Management's
             Management's Discussion
                          Discussion and
                                     and Analysis
                                         Analysis for
                                                  for the
                                                      the year
                                                          year ended
                                                               ended September
                                                                     September 30,
                                                                               30, 2020
                                                                                   2020                                                                                                                                                            Page
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Page        10
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               10
CGI Inc. -- Management's
    Inc.     Management's Discussion
                          Discussion and
                                     and Analysis
                                         Analysis for
                                                  for the
                                                      the year
                                                          year ended
                                                               ended September
                                                                     September 30,
                                                                               30, 2020
                                                                                   2020                                                                                                                                                            Page
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Page        10
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               10
CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30,
CGI Inc.     Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020
                                                                                   2020                                                                                                                                                            Page
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Page        10
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               10
     CGI is one of the leaders in the industry with respect to all of these factors. We are not only delivering all of the capabilities
     clients need to compete in a digital world, but the immediate results and long-term value they expect. As the market dynamics
     and industry trends continue to increase demand for enterprise solutions from global, end-to-end IT and business consulting
     services firms, CGI is one of few firms with the scale, reach, and capabilities to meet clients’ enterprise needs.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                         Page   11
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 11
          Management's Discussion and Analysis


       2. Highights and Key Performance Measures
2. 2.Highlights
       Highlights
                and
                  and
                    Key
                      Key
                        Performance
                          Performance
                                    Measures
                                      Measures

      2.1.2.1.
           FISCAL
               FISCAL
                   2020
                      2020
                        HIGHLIGHTS
                           HIGHLIGHTS

          •    • Revenue
                    Revenue
                         of of
                           $12.16
                               $12.16
                                  billion,
                                       billion,
                                            up up
                                                0.4%
                                                   0.4%
                                                     andand
                                                         essentially
                                                            essentially
                                                                     stable
                                                                        stable
                                                                            in in
                                                                              constant
                                                                                  constant
                                                                                       currency;
                                                                                           currency;

          •    • Adjusted
                    Adjusted
                          EBIT
                             EBIT
                               1
                                 of 1 of
                                    $1,862.9
                                         $1,862.9
                                              million,
                                                  million,
                                                       up up
                                                           2.1%
                                                              2.1%
                                                                ; ;

          •    • Adjusted
                    Adjusted
                          EBIT
                             EBIT
                               margin
                                  margin
                                      1
                                        of 1 of
                                           15.3%,
                                                15.3%,
                                                    up 20
                                                       up 20
                                                          basis
                                                             basis
                                                                points;
                                                                   points;

          •    • NetNet
                    earnings
                        earnings
                              of of
                                $1,117.9
                                    $1,117.9
                                         million,
                                             million,
                                                  downdown
                                                        11.5%;
                                                           11.5%;
                                                        2
          •    • NetNet
                    earnings,
                        earnings,
                              excluding
                                  excluding
                                        specific
                                            specific
                                                 items
                                                     itemsof 2 of
                                                             $1,300.1
                                                                  $1,300.1
                                                                       million,
                                                                           million,
                                                                                downdown
                                                                                      0.4%;
                                                                                         0.4%;

          •    • NetNet
                    earnings
                        earnings
                              margin
                                 margin
                                     of of
                                       9.2%,
                                           9.2%,
                                              down
                                                 down
                                                   120120
                                                       basis
                                                          basis
                                                             points;
                                                                points;
                                                                2
          •    • NetNet
                    earnings
                        earnings
                              margin,
                                 margin,
                                      excluding
                                         excluding
                                                specific
                                                   specific
                                                         items
                                                             itemsof 2 of
                                                                     10.7%,
                                                                          10.7%,
                                                                              down
                                                                                 down
                                                                                   10 10
                                                                                      basis
                                                                                         basis
                                                                                            points;
                                                                                               points;

          •    • Diluted
                     Diluted
                         EPSEPS
                             of of
                               $4.20,
                                   $4.20,
                                      downdown
                                            7.7%;
                                               7.7%;
                                                        2
          •    • Diluted
                     Diluted
                         EPS,EPS,
                              excluding
                                  excluding
                                        specific
                                            specific
                                                 items
                                                     items, of2, of
                                                               $4.89,
                                                                    $4.89,
                                                                       up up
                                                                           4.0%;
                                                                              4.0%;

          •                                 activities
                                     operating
                                  operating
                               by by
                         provided
                      provided
                    Cash
               • Cash                                  1
                                                         of 1 of
                                                activities                                                15.9%
                                                                                                       15.9%
                                                                                             representing
                                                                                          representing
                                                                                      18.6%,
                                                                                   18.6%,
                                                                               up up
                                                                          million,
                                                                      million,
                                                                 $1,938.6
                                                            $1,938.6                                         of of revenue;
                                                                                                               revenue;

          •    • Bookings
                    Bookings
                          of of
                            $11.85
                                $11.85
                                   billion,
                                        billion,
                                             or or
                                                97.4%
                                                   97.4%
                                                      of of
                                                        revenue;
                                                            revenue;
                                                                 and,and,

          •    • Backlog
                    Backlog
                         of of
                           $22.67
                               $22.67
                                  billion.
                                       billion.




           1   1
               Includes
                     Includes
                           the the
                               impact
                                   impact
                                      of theof the
                                              adoption
                                                   adoption
                                                        of theof the
                                                                IFRS 16
                                                                      IFRS 16   which is
                                                                           which is discussed
                                                                                         discussed
                                                                                               in in
                                                                                                  section
                                                                                                       section
                                                                                                           2.5. of
                                                                                                                2.5.
                                                                                                                   theof the
                                                                                                                        present
                                                                                                                              present
                                                                                                                                  document.
                                                                                                                                       document.
          2    2
               Specific
                    Specific
                         itemsitems
                                are are
                                    comprised
                                         comprised
                                                 of of
                                                   acquisition-related,
                                                        acquisition-related,
                                                                          integration
                                                                               integration
                                                                                      costscosts
                                                                                            and and
                                                                                                 restructuring  costscosts
                                                                                                      restructuring    net ofnet
                                                                                                                               tax,
                                                                                                                                 of tax,
                                                                                                                                    whichwhich
                                                                                                                                          are are
                                                                                                                                              discussed
                                                                                                                                                  discussed
                                                                                                                                                        in in
                                                                                                                                                          sections
                                                                                                                                                               sections
                                                                                                                                                                   3.7.1.3.7.1.
                                                                                                                                                                          and and
                                                                                                                                                                                3.7.2.3.7.2.
               of theof the
                       present
                             present
                                 document.
                                     document.
                                             PriorPrior
                                                   year year
                                                        also also
                                                              includes
                                                                    includes
                                                                         a taxa tax
                                                                               adjustment,
                                                                                    adjustment,
                                                                                            discussed
                                                                                                  discussed
                                                                                                        in in
                                                                                                           section
                                                                                                                 section
                                                                                                                    3.8.1.3.8.1.




CGI Inc.
    CGI -Inc. -
          Management's
                Management's
                        Discussion
                             Discussion
                                   and and
                                        Analysis
                                            Analysis
                                                 for the
                                                       foryear
                                                           the year
                                                               endedended
                                                                      September
                                                                          September
                                                                                30, 30,
                                                                                   20202020                                                                               PagePage
                                                                                                                                                                                12 12




          12
      2.2. SELECTED YEARLY INFORMATION & KEY PERFORMANCE MEASURES1

                                                                                                                                            Change             Change
          As at and for the years ended September 30,                                 2020               2019               2018           2020 / 2019        2019 / 2018
          In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
          Growth
          Revenue                                                                   12,164.1           12,111.2           11,506.8              52.9              604.4
          Year-over-year revenue growth                                               0.4%               5.3%               6.1%              (4.9%)             (0.8%)
          Constant currency year-over-year revenue growth                            (0.1%)              5.9%               4.6%              (6.0%)              1.3%
          Backlog                                                                    22,673             22,611             22,577                62                 34
          Bookings                                                                   11,848             12,646             13,493              (798)              (847)
          Book-to-bill ratio                                                         97.4%             104.4%              117.3%             (7.0%)             (12.9%)
          Profitability1
          Adjusted EBIT2                                                            1,862.9            1,825.0             1,701.7              37.9              123.3
           Adjusted EBIT margin                                                      15.3%              15.1%              14.8%               0.2%               0.3%
          Net earnings                                                              1,117.9            1,263.2             1,141.4            (145.3)             121.8
           Net earnings margin                                                        9.2%              10.4%               9.9%              (1.2%)              0.5%
          Diluted EPS (in dollars)                                                   4.20                4.55                3.95              (0.35)              0.60
          Net earnings excluding specific items2                                    1,300.1            1,305.9             1,210.7              (5.8)              95.2
           Net earnings margin excluding specific items                              10.7%              10.8%              10.5%              (0.1%)              0.3%
          Diluted EPS excluding specific items (in dollars)2                          4.89               4.70                4.19               0.19               0.51
          Liquidity1
          Cash provided by operating activities                                     1,938.6            1,633.9             1,493.4             304.7              140.5
           As a % of revenue                                                         15.9%              13.5%              13.0%               2.4%               0.5%
          Days sales outstanding                                                       47                  50                 52                 (3)                (2)
          Capital structure1
          Net debt                                                                  2,777.9            2,117.2             1,640.8             660.7              476.4
          Net debt to capitalization ratio                                          23.6%              22.9%              19.2%                0.7%               3.7%
          Return on equity                                                          16.0%              18.5%              17.3%               (2.5%)              1.2%
          Return on invested capital                                                12.1%              15.1%              14.5%               (3.0%)              0.6%
          Balance sheet1
          Cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments                     1,709.5              223.7              184.1             1,485.8              39.6
          Total assets                                                              15,550.4           12,621.7           11,919.1            2,928.7             702.6
          Long-term financial liabilities3                                          4,030.6            2,236.0             1,530.1            1,794.6             705.9

      1
             As of the periods ending December 31, 2019, figures include the impact of the adoption of IFRS 16, while previous years are not restated as indicated in
             section 7.
      2
             Please refer to sections 3.7. and 3.8.3. of each year's respective MD&A for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures for fiscal 2018 and 2019.
      3
             Long-term financial liabilities include the long-term portion of the debt, long-term lease liabilities and the long-term derivative financial instruments.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                                               Page   13
                                                                                                                                       FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 13
                         Management's Discussion and Analysis




                         2.3. STOCK PERFORMANCE

                                                                  CGI Stock Price (TSX) for the Last Twelve Months
                         9


                                                                                                                                                          110.00
                         8




                         7                                                                                                                                100.00




                         6

                                                                                                                                                           90.00




  Volume (in millions)                                                                                                                                             Stock Price (CAD)
                         5



                                                                                                                                                           80.00
                         4




                         3
                                                                                                                                                           70.00



                         2


                                                                                                                                                           60.00

                         1




                         0                                                                                                                                 50.00

                                           Q1 2020                            Q2 2020                               Q3 2020                  Q4 2020

                                Daily Trade Volume 1
                                Closing Price




                         2.3.1. Fiscal 2020 Trading Summary
                         CGI’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) (stock quote – GIB.A) and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
                         (stock quote – GIB) and are included in key indices such as the S&P/TSX 60 Index.

                         TSX                                                             (CAD)               NYSE                                       (USD)
                         Open:                                                           105.01              Open:                                       79.00
                         High:                                                           114.49              High:                                       87.13
                         Low:                                                             67.23              Low:                                        46.32
                         Close:                                                           90.38              Close:                                      67.77
                         CDN average daily trading volumes1:                            986,534              NYSE average daily trading volumes:       240,724
                         1
                              Includes the average daily volumes of both the TSX and alternative trading systems.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                                  Page   14
                         14
      2.3.2. Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB)

      On January 29, 2020, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized and subsequently received regulatory approval from the
      TSX for the renewal of CGI's NCIB which allows for the purchase for cancellation of up to 20,149,100 Class A subordinate
      voting shares (Class A Shares) representing 10% of the Company’s public float as of the close of business on January 22,
      2020. Class A Shares may be purchased for cancellation under the NCIB commencing on February 6, 2020 until no later than
      February 5, 2021, or on such earlier date when the Company has either acquired the maximum number of Class A Shares
      allowable under the NCIB or elects to terminate the bid.

      During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company purchased for cancellation 10,605,464 Class A Shares for $1,043.5
      million at a weighted average price of $98.39 under the previous and current NCIB. The purchased shares included 6,008,905
      Class A Shares purchased for cancellation from Caisse de dépôt et de placement du Québec for cash consideration of $600.0
      million. The purchase was made pursuant to an exemption order issued by the Autorité des marchés financiers and is considered
      within the annual aggregate limit that the Company is entitled to purchase under its current NCIB.

      As at September 30, 2020, the Company can purchase up to 10,037,936 Class A Shares for cancellation under the current
      NCIB.

      2.3.3. Capital Stock and Options Outstanding

      The following table provides a summary of the Capital Stock and Options Outstanding as at November 6, 2020:

      Capital Stock and Options Outstanding                                                                   As at November 6, 2020
      Class A subordinate voting shares                                                                                   229,981,039
      Class B multiple voting shares                                                                                        28,945,706
      Options to purchase Class A subordinate voting shares                                                                  8,849,802


      2.4. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

      On December 18, 2019, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of SCISYS Group Plc (SCISYS). SCISYS operates
      in several sectors, with deep expertise and industry leading solutions in the space and defense sectors, as well as in the media
      and broadcast news industries and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. This acquisition added approximately 670 professionals
      to the Company, predominantly based in the U.K. and Germany.

      On January 20, 2020, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Meti Logiciels et Services SAS (Meti). Based in
      France, Meti is specialized in the development of software solutions for the retail sector across Europe and works with some
      of Europe's largest retailers. This acquisition added approximately 300 professionals to the Company.

      On March 31, 2020, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of TeraThink Corporation (TeraThink). Headquartered
      in Reston, Virginia, TeraThink is an information technology and management consulting firm providing digitization, enterprise
      finance, risk management, and data analytics services to the U.S. federal government. The acquisition added approximately
      250 professionals to the Company.

      The Company completed these acquisitions for a total purchase price of approximately $273 million.

      With significant strategic consulting, system integration and customer-centric digital innovation capabilities, these acquisitions
      were made to complement CGI's proximity model and expertise across key sectors, including communications, retail, space
      and defense and government.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page   15
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 15
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      2.5. IMPACT OF THE ADOPTION OF IFRS 16

      On October 1st, 2019, the Company adopted IFRS 16, Leases, which sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement,
      presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties in a lease agreement in replacement of International Accounting Standard
      (IAS) 17, Leases (please refer to section 7 of the present document).

      The impacts on the adoption date on the consolidated balance sheet are presented in note 3 of our audited consolidated
      financial statements and consists primarily in the on-balance sheet recognition of our lease agreements of Right-of-use assets
      and Lease liabilities.

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, IFRS 16 adoption had an impact on our audited consolidated statements of earnings,
      presenting a decrease in cost of services, selling and administrative of $195.8 million, an increase in depreciation of $158.0
      million for a net impact on adjusted EBIT of $37.9 million (discussed in section 3.6.) which is partially offset by an increase in
      finance costs of $32.0 million (discussed in section 3.7.3. of the present document).

      In addition, section 4.1. of the present document presents the impact on the consolidated statement of cash flows which
      increased our cash provided by operating activities by $165.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2020, with the offset
      presented in cash used in financing activities. Section 4.5. of the present document presents the impacts to some of our
      capital structure ratios.

      Finally, the adoption of IFRS 16 doesn’t have an impact on the Company’s external covenants and conditions related to its
      debts.

      2.6. COVID-19

      While we are unable to predict the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may adversely impact our operations and financial
      performance in future quarters, our executive crisis management team and our network of local crisis management teams
      continue to closely monitor the evolving COVID-19 pandemic, executing on our business continuity plan and working
      collaboratively with our clients. We have established key guidelines and procedures related to security and access controls,
      member health screening, member isolation and quarantine, and facility infrastructure, maintenance and cleaning, to ensure
      that our workplace practices are in line with local government recommendations and requirements, as well as compliant with
      the appropriate standards of safety, health, wellness and required workplace readiness certifications. As of today, most of our
      members continue working remotely.

      During the last two quarters of fiscal 2020, our revenues generally declined across our segments when compared to the same
      period last year. We experienced reduced demand for our services during the COVID-19 pandemic due to the slowdown of
      activities in some of our markets, particularly in the manufacturing, retail & distribution vertical market.

      To mitigate the impacts of COVID-19 on our business, we have proactively implemented various cost reduction efforts to
      adjust our costs based on our revenue level, such as implementing our restructuring plan and reducing travel related expenses
      following government restrictions. Please refer to sections 3.4., 3.5.1., 3.6. and 3.7.2. for additional information.

      The Company maintains a strong balance sheet and liquidity position. On April 2, 2020 the Company amended and restated
      its two-year unsecured committed term loan credit facility (the 2020 Term Loan) for a total principal amount of US$1,250.0
      million.

      Our highest priority remains the health and safety of our members and providing service continuity for our clients. CGI’s
      proximity-based business model and robust internal infrastructure limited the impact of confinement measures imposed in
      several countries and allowed the majority of our members to work remotely, ensuring service continuity to our clients.




      16

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page   16
3.    3. Financial
      Financial    Review
                Review
3.    Financial Review

      3.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO
      3.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO
      Bookings for the year were $11.8 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 97.4%. The breakdown of the new bookings signed
      Bookings for the year were $11.8 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 97.4%. The breakdown of the new bookings signed
      during the year is as follows:
      during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                 H                                      E
                                                                                                        A
                B                                                                            G                                      D
                                                                                                                                                   A
                                                    B                                    F                     B
                                                                         A
                                                                                                                                C
                               A                                                             E
                                                                                                        C
                                                                                                 D                                          B


                 Contract Type                           Service Type                           Segment                          Vertical Market
                 Contract Type                           Service Type                           Segment                          Vertical Market
       A.   Extensions, renewals     75%    A.     System integration and    51 %   A.   U.S. Commercial and       17%   A.   Government                  36 %
       A.   and add-onsrenewals
            Extensions,              75%    A.     System  integration and
                                                   consulting                51 %   A.   StateCommercial
                                                                                         U.S.  Governmentand       17%   A.   Government                  36 %
            and add-ons                            consultingIT and                      State Government
       B.   New business             25%    B.     Managed                   49 %   B.   Western and Southern      16%   B.   MRD                         23 %
       B.   New business             25%    B.     Business
                                                   Managed ITProcess
                                                                and          49 %   B.   Western
                                                                                         Europe and Southern       16%   B.   MRD                         23 %
                                                   Services
                                                   Business Process                      Europe
                                                   Services                         C.   U.S. Federal              15%   C.   Financial services          21 %
                                                                                    C.   U.S. Federal              15%   C.   Financial services          21 %
                                                                                    D.   Canada                    12%   D.   Communications &            13 %
                                                                                    D.   Canada                    12%   D.   utilities
                                                                                                                              Communications &            13 %
                                                                                                                              utilities
                                                                                    E.   Central and Eastern       11%   E.   Health                          7%
                                                                                    E.   Europe and Eastern
                                                                                         Central                   11%   E.   Health                          7%
                                                                                    F.   Europe
                                                                                         U.K.  and Australia       11%
                                                                                    F.   U.K. and Australia        11%
                                                                                    G    Scandinavia               11%
                                                                                    G
                                                                                    H.   Scandinavia
                                                                                         Finland, Poland and       11%
                                                                                                                    7%
                                                                                    H.   Baltics
                                                                                         Finland, Poland and        7%
                                                                                         Baltics


      Information regarding our bookings is a key indicator of the volume of our business over time. However, due to the timing and
      Information regarding our bookings is a key indicator of the volume of our business over time. However, due to the timing and
      transition period associated with managed IT and business process services contracts, the realization of revenue related to
      transition period associated with managed IT and business process services contracts, the realization of revenue related to
      these bookings may fluctuate from period to period. The values initially booked may change over time due to their variable
      these bookings may fluctuate from period to period. The values initially booked may change over time due to their variable
      attributes, including demand-driven usage, modifications in the scope of work to be performed caused by changes in client
      attributes, including demand-driven usage, modifications in the scope of work to be performed caused by changes in client
      requirements as well as termination clauses at the option of the client. As such, information regarding our bookings is not
      requirements as well as termination clauses at the option of the client. As such, information regarding our bookings is not
      comparable to, nor should it be substituted for, an analysis of our revenue. Management however believes that it is a key
      comparable to, nor should it be substituted for, an analysis of our revenue. Management however believes that it is a key
      indicator of potential future revenue.
      indicator of potential future revenue.
      The following table provides a summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:
      The following table provides a summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:

      In thousands of CAD except for percentages
                                                                              Bookings for the year ended          Book-to-bill ratio for the year ended
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages
                                                                              Bookings for
                                                                                     September
                                                                                           the year
                                                                                                 30,ended
                                                                                                     2020          Book-to-bill ratio for
                                                                                                                                    September
                                                                                                                                          the year
                                                                                                                                                30,ended
                                                                                                                                                    2020
                                                                                     September 30, 2020                             September 30, 2020
      Total CGI                                                                                11,847,704                                          97.4%
      Total CGI                                                                                11,847,704                                          97.4%
      Western and Southern Europe                                                               1,860,234                                          97.2%
      Western and Southern Europe                                                               1,860,234                                          97.2%
      U.S. Commercial and State Government                                                      2,027,383                                         106.3%
      U.S. Commercial and State Government                                                      2,027,383                                         106.3%
      Canada                                                                                    1,443,508                                          78.9%
      Canada                                                                                    1,443,508                                          78.9%
      U.S. Federal                                                                              1,747,090                                         100.7%
      U.S. Federal                                                                              1,747,090                                         100.7%
      U.K. and Australia                                                                        1,308,393                                          83.4%
      U.K. and Australia                                                                        1,308,393                                          83.4%
      Central and Eastern Europe                                                                1,341,408                                         107.5%
      Central and Eastern Europe                                                                1,341,408                                         107.5%
      Scandinavia                                                                               1,290,579                                         111.5 %
      Scandinavia                                                                               1,290,579                                         111.5 %
      Finland, Poland and Baltics                                                                 829,109                                         103.1%
      Finland, Poland and Baltics                                                                 829,109                                         103.1%




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                                  Page    17
CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                                  Page    17




                                                                                                                         FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 17
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      3.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE

      The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS, we
      value assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various exchange rates. We report all
      dollar amounts in Canadian dollars.

      Closing foreign exchange rates

      As at September 30,                                                                   2020             2019        Change

      U.S. dollar                                                                         1.3325           1.3246           0.6%
      Euro                                                                                1.5622           1.4446           8.1%
      Indian rupee                                                                        0.0181           0.0188           (3.7%)
      British pound                                                                       1.7216           1.6302           5.6%
      Swedish krona                                                                       0.1487           0.1347          10.4%


      Average foreign exchange rates

      For the year ended September 30,                                                     2020             2019         Change

      U.S. dollar                                                                         1.3457           1.3270           1.4%
      Euro                                                                                1.5075           1.4970           0.7%
      Indian rupee                                                                        0.0183           0.0188          (2.7%)
      British pound                                                                       1.7152           1.6943           1.2%
      Swedish krona                                                                       0.1425           0.1426          (0.1%)




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                      Page    18
      18
      3.3. REVENUE DISTRIBUTION
      3.3. REVENUE DISTRIBUTION
      The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the year:
      The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the year:



                                                                                     H                                     E
                                                                                 G                                     D
                                                                                               A
                                                                             F                                                       A
                        B
                                                                            E
                                           A
                                                                                                                   C
                                                                                D             B
                                                                                         C                                     B




                            Service Type                                         Client Geography                      Vertical Market
                            Service Type                                         Client Geography                      Vertical Market
       A.   Managed IT and Business Process Services      54%    A.   U.S.                          30%   A.   Government                          34%
       A.
       B.   Managed IT
            System      and and
                             Business
                   integration        Process Services
                                   consulting             54%
                                                          46%    A.
                                                                 B.   U.S.
                                                                      Canada                        30%
                                                                                                    15%   A.
                                                                                                          B.   Government
                                                                                                               MRD                                 34%
                                                                                                                                                   24%
       B.   System integration and consulting             46%    B.   Canada                        15%   B.   MRD                                 24%
                                                                 C.   France                        14%   C.   Financial services                  22%
                                                                 C.   France                        14%   C.   Financial services                  22%
                                                                 D.   U.K.                          12%   D.   Communications & utilities          13%
                                                                 D.   U.K.                          12%   D.   Communications & utilities          13%
                                                                 E.   Sweden                         7%   E.   Health                               7%
                                                                 E.   Sweden                         7%   E.   Health                               7%
                                                                 F.   Finland                        6%
                                                                 F.   Finland                        6%
                                                                 G.   Germany                        6%
                                                                 G.   Germany                        6%
                                                                 H.   Rest of the world             10%
                                                                 H.   Rest of the world             10%


      3.3.1. Client Concentration
      3.3.1. Client Concentration
      IFRS guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known to the reporting entity
      IFRS guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known to the reporting entity
      to be under common control. As a consequence, our work for the U.S. federal government including its various agencies
      to be under common control. As a consequence, our work for the U.S. federal government including its various agencies
      represented 13.8% of our revenue for Fiscal 2020 as compared to 12.8% for Fiscal 2019.
      represented 13.8% of our revenue for Fiscal 2020 as compared to 12.8% for Fiscal 2019.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                       Page    19
CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                       Page    19
                                                                                                                FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 19
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      3.4. REVENUE BY SEGMENT

      Our segments are reported based on where the client's work is delivered from within our geographic delivery model.

      The table below provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment before eliminations,
      separately showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019. The Fiscal
      2019 revenue by segment was recorded reflecting the actual foreign exchange rates for that period. The foreign exchange
      impact is the difference between the current period’s actual results and the same period’s results converted with the prior
      year’s foreign exchange rates.

                                                                                                                      Change
      For the years ended September 30,
                                                                                          2020          2019           $          %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages
      Total CGI revenue                                                            12,164,115      12,111,236    52,879         0.4%
      Variation prior to foreign currency impact                                          (0.1%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                             0.5%
      Variation over previous period                                                      0.4%

      Western and Southern Europe
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                      1,904,508       2,022,677   (118,169)      (5.8%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                             6,969
      Western and Southern Europe revenue                                           1,911,477       2,022,677   (111,200)      (5.5%)

      U.S. Commercial and State Government
      Revenue prior foreign currency impact                                         1,836,637       1,834,917      1,720        0.1%
      Foreign currency impact                                                            26,830
      U.S. Commercial and State Government revenue
                                                                                    1,863,467       1,834,917    28,550         1.6%

      Canada
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                      1,685,511       1,768,924    (83,413)      (4.7%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                              758
      Canada revenue                                                                1,686,269       1,768,924    (82,655)      (4.7%)

      U.S. Federal
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                      1,687,792       1,597,922    89,870         5.6%
      Foreign currency impact                                                            24,452
      U.S. Federal revenue                                                          1,712,244       1,597,922   114,322         7.2%

      U.K. and Australia
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                      1,342,848       1,356,858    (14,010)      (1.0%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                            15,621
      U.K. and Australia revenue                                                    1,358,469       1,356,858      1,611        0.1%

      Central and Eastern Europe
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                      1,205,805       1,166,486    39,319         3.4%
      Foreign currency impact                                                             6,391
      Central and Eastern Europe revenue                                            1,212,196       1,166,486    45,710         3.9%

      Scandinavia
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                      1,125,868       1,095,330    30,538         2.8%
      Foreign currency impact                                                           (21,747)
      Scandinavia revenue                                                           1,104,121       1,095,330      8,791        0.8%

      Finland, Poland and Baltics
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                          774,211      787,640     (13,429)      (1.7%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                             2,941
      Finland, Poland & Baltics revenue                                                 777,152      787,640     (10,488)      (1.3%)




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page    20
      20
                                                                                                                         Change
      For the years ended September 30,
                                                                                           2020        2019               $          %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages
      Asia Pacific
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                          688,211     606,252         81,959        13.5%
      Foreign currency impact                                                            (13,265)
      Asia Pacific revenue                                                              674,946     606,252         68,694        11.3%

      Eliminations                                                                      (136,226)   (125,770)       (10,456)       8.3%


     For the year ended September 30, 2020, revenue was $12,164.1 million, an increase of $52.9 million, or 0.4% over the same
     period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue was essentially stable. Recent business acquisitions were offset by
     the slowdown of activities, primarily in the MRD, financial services and communications & utilities vertical markets, mostly as
     a result of COVID-19.

      3.4.1. Western and Southern Europe

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, revenue in our Western and Southern Europe segment was $1,911.5 million, a
      decrease of $111.2 million or 5.5% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $118.2
      million or 5.8%. The change in revenue was due to the slowdown of activities mainly within the financial services,
      communications and utilities and MRD vertical markets, primarily as a result of COVID-19. This was partially offset by the Meti
      acquisition and growth within the government vertical market.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Western and Southern Europe vertical markets were MRD and financial services,
      generating combined revenues of approximately $1,186 million for the year ended September 30, 2020.

      3.4.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, revenue in our U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $1,863.5
      million, an increase of $28.6 million or 1.6% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased
      by $1.7 million or 0.1%. The increase was mainly due to growth within the financial services vertical market and the state and
      local government market. This was in part offset by an adjustment due to a reevaluation of cost to complete on a project and
      lower work volume within the communications & utilities vertical market.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two U.S. Commercial and State Government vertical markets were financial services
      and government, generating combined revenues of approximately $1,156 million for the year ended September 30, 2020.

      3.4.3. Canada

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, revenue in our Canada segment was $1,686.3 million, a decrease of $82.7 million
      or 4.7% compared to the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $83.4 million or 4.7%.
      The change was mainly due to the impact of COVID-19, lower work volumes and license sales within the financial services
      vertical market and a higher proportion of client projects transferred to our global delivery centers of excellence in Asia-Pacific.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Canada vertical markets were financial services and communications & utilities,
      generating combined revenues of approximately $1,138 million for the year ended September 30, 2020.

      3.4.4. U.S. Federal

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, revenue in our U.S. Federal segment was $1,712.2 million, an increase of $114.3
      million or 7.2% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $89.9 million or 5.6%.
      The increase was driven by IP solutions, application support and cybersecurity services and recent business acquisitions.
      This was partly offset by lower transaction volumes related to our IP business process services, mainly due to the impact of
      the COVID-19 and adjustments on certain client contracts in the defense sector.

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, 82% of revenues within the U.S. Federal segment were federal civilian based.



CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                             Page    21
                                                                                                                FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 21
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      3.4.5. U.K. and Australia

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, revenue in our U.K. and Australia segment was $1,358.5 million, an increase of $1.6
      million or 0.1% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $14.0 million or 1.0%.
      The change was mainly due to the non-renewal of certain infrastructure contracts and the successful completion of the build
      phase of a large project within the communications and utilities vertical market. This was mostly offset by growth within the
      space, defense and intelligence sector, in part driven by the SCISYS acquisition.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two U.K. and Australia vertical markets were government and communications & utilities,
      generating combined revenues of approximately $1,108 million for the year ended September 30, 2020.

      3.4.6. Central and Eastern Europe

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, revenue in our Central and Eastern Europe segment was $1,212.2 million, an
      increase of $45.7 million or 3.9% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $39.3
      million or 3.4%. The increase in revenue was primarily due to the Acando AB (Acando) and SCISYS acquisitions. This was
      partially offset by the impact of COVID-19, mainly within the MRD and financial services vertical markets, and a higher proportion
      of client projects transferred to our global delivery centers of excellence in Asia-Pacific.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Central and Eastern Europe vertical markets were MRD and communications &
      utilities, generating combined revenues of approximately $800 million for the year ended September 30, 2020.

      3.4.7. Scandinavia

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, revenue in our Scandinavia segment was $1,104.1 million, an increase of $8.8 million
      or 0.8% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $30.5 million or 2.8%.The increase
      was mainly driven by the Acando acquisition. This was in part offset by a slowdown of activities primarily within the MRD
      vertical market, related to the impact of COVID-19, as well as the non-renewal of infrastructure contracts.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Scandinavia vertical markets were MRD and government, generating combined
      revenues of approximately $870 million for the year ended September 30, 2020.

      3.4.8. Finland, Poland and Baltics

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, revenue in our Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $777.2 million, a decrease
      of $10.5 million or 1.3% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $13.4 million
      or 1.7% due to the non-renewal of infrastructure contracts and the impact of COVID-19, in part offset by the Acando Acquisition.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Finland, Poland and Baltics vertical markets were government and financial services,
      generating combined revenues of approximately $473 million for the year ended September 30, 2020.

      3.4.9. Asia Pacific

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, revenue in our Asia Pacific segment was $674.9 million, an increase of $68.7 million
      or 11.3% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $82.0 million or 13.5%. The
      increase was mainly driven by the continued demand for our offshore delivery centers, predominantly within the financial
      services and communications & utilities vertical markets.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page   22
      22
      3.5. OPERATING EXPENSES

      For the years ended September 30,                                          % of                     % of
                                                                 2020         Revenue          2019    Revenue        $             %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages
      Costs of services, selling and administrative       10,302,068             84.7%    10,284,007     84.9%   18,061       0.2%
      Foreign exchange (gain) loss                               (899)             0.0%        2,234      0.0%   (3,133)   (140.2%)


      3.5.1. Costs of Services, Selling and Administrative

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, costs of services, selling and administrative expenses amounted to $10,302.1 million,
      an increase of $18.1 million over the same period last year. As a percentage of revenue, costs of services, selling and
      administrative expenses decreased to 84.7% from 84.9%. As a percentage of revenue, costs of services increased compared
      to the same period last year due to the impact of a lower proportion of IP license sales revenue and adjustments on client
      contracts. This was partly offset by lower performance based compensation and planned synergies achieved through the
      optimization and automation in our infrastructure business, as discussed in section 3.6. of the present document. As a
      percentage of revenue, selling and administrative expenses improved compared to the same period last year mainly due to
      actions taken to lower expenses in response to COVID-19 and lower performance based compensation.

      During the year ended September 30, 2020, the translation of the results of our foreign operations from their local currencies
      to the Canadian dollar unfavourably impacted costs by $50.3 million, partially offsetting the favourable translation impact of
      $61.0 million on our revenue.

      3.5.2. Foreign Exchange (Gain) Loss

      During the year ended September 30, 2020, CGI incurred $0.9 million of foreign exchange gains, mainly driven by the timing
      of payments combined with the volatility of foreign exchange rates. The Company, in addition to its natural hedges, uses
      derivatives as a strategy to manage its exposure, to the extent possible.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                        Page   23
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 23
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      3.6. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT

                                                                                                                    Change
      For the years ended September 30,
                                                                                            2020        2019          $             %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages

      Western and Southern Europe                                                        264,009     275,535    (11,526)      (4.2%)
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                                 13.8%       13.6%

      U.S. Commercial and State Government                                               295,795     333,210    (37,415)     (11.2%)
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                                 15.9%       18.2%

      Canada                                                                             364,424     359,089     5,335        1.5%
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                                 21.6%       20.3%

      U.S. Federal                                                                       221,793     230,054     (8,261)      (3.6%)
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                                 13.0%       14.4%

      U.K. and Australia                                                                 215,924     185,290    30,634       16.5%
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                                 15.9%       13.7%

      Central and Eastern Europe                                                         122,548     100,244    22,304       22.2%
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                                 10.1%        8.6%

      Scandinavia                                                                         57,231      76,648    (19,417)     (25.3%)
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                                  5.2%        7.0%

      Finland, Poland and Baltics                                                        120,959     118,771     2,188        1.8%
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                                 15.6%       15.1%

      Asia Pacific                                                                       200,263     146,154    54,109       37.0%
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                                 29.7%       24.1%
      Adjusted EBIT                                                                     1,862,946   1,824,995   37,951        2.1%
        Adjusted EBIT margin                                                               15.3%       15.1%

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, adjusted EBIT margin increased to 15.3% from 15.1% for the same period last year.
      The increase was mainly due to lower performance based compensation, the $37.9 million impact of adoption of IFRS 16, as
      well as synergies achieved through the optimization and modernization of our infrastructure business. This was partly offset
      by adjustments on client contracts.

      3.6.1. Western and Southern Europe

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, adjusted EBIT in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $264.0 million, a
      decrease of $11.5 million when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 13.8% from 13.6%,
      primarily due to lower performance based compensation, a decrease in amortization of client relationships, and to a lesser
      extent, the impact of the adoption of IFRS 16. This was partly offset by the slowdown of activities identified in the revenue
      section, primarily as a result of COVID-19.

      3.6.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $295.8
      million, a decrease of $37.4 million when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 15.9%
      from 18.2%. The change in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to the impact of lower IP sales and solution revenue and
      an adjustment due to a reevaluation of cost to complete on a project. This was in part offset by lower discretionary expenses
      and fringe benefits due to COVID-19.

      3.6.3. Canada

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $364.4 million, an increase of $5.3 million
      when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 21.6% from 20.3%. The increase was mainly




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                        Page   24
      24
      due to synergies achieved through the optimization and modernization of our infrastructure business and the impact of the
      adoption of IFRS 16. This was partly offset by the impact of lower IP license sales and service revenue.

      3.6.4. U.S. Federal

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Federal segment was $221.8 million, a decrease of $8.3
      million when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 13.0% from 14.4%. Adjusted EBIT
      margin changed primarily due to lower business process services volumes, mostly related to COVID-19, lower profitability on
      defense client contracts and a litigation provision. This was partly offset by the favourable impacts of both a contract settlement
      and the adoption of IFRS 16.

      3.6.5. U.K. and Australia

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, adjusted EBIT in the U.K. and Australia segment was $215.9 million, an increase of
      $30.6 million when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 15.9% from 13.7%, mainly due
      to adjustments on client contracts and the impact of the U.K. court ruling on pensionable services, both in the prior year.

      3.6.6. Central and Eastern Europe

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, adjusted EBIT in the Central and Eastern Europe segment was $122.5 million, an
      increase of $22.3 million when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 10.1% from 8.6%.
      The increase in adjusted EBIT was driven by the benefits of synergies achieved through the integration of the prior year's
      business acquisitions and lower performance based compensation. This was in part offset by the slowdown of activities in the
      MRD vertical market, mostly related to COVID-19.

      3.6.7. Scandinavia

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, adjusted EBIT in the Scandinavia segment was $57.2 million, a decrease of $19.4
      million when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 5.2% from 7.0%. The change in
      adjusted EBIT margin was mainly driven by a slowdown of activities, mostly related to COVID-19, the impact of excess capacity
      in our Swedish infrastructure business and additional costs related to the ramp up of new contracts. This was in part offset
      by the savings generated from the Restructuring Plan (see section 3.7.2. of the present document).

      3.6.8. Finland, Poland and Baltics

      For the year ended September 30, 2020 adjusted EBIT in our Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $121.0 million, an
      increase of $2.2 million, when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 15.6% from 15.1%
      mainly due to lower discretionary expenses and the temporary payroll tax relief, both due to COVID-19, and lower performance
      based compensation. This was in part offset by the impact of lower work volumes, also in part due to COVID-19.

      3.6.9. Asia Pacific

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $200.3 million, an increase of $54.1
      million when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 29.7% from 24.1%. The increase in
      adjusted EBIT margin was mostly due to automation and other productivity improvements, cost reduction in transportation
      and facilities due to the COVID-19 shutdown, the impact of the adoption of IFRS 16 and the favourable impact of our currency
      forward contracts.




                                                                                                         FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 25

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page   25
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      3.7. EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES

      The following table provides a reconciliation between our adjusted EBIT and earnings before income taxes, which is reported
      in accordance with IFRS:

                                                                                                                            Change
      For the years ended September 30,                                             % of                      % of
                                                                     2020        Revenue           2019    Revenue          $           %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentage
      Adjusted EBIT                                             1,862,946           15.3%      1,824,995     15.1%    37,951         2.1%
      Minus the following items:
           Acquisition-related and integration costs               76,794               0.6%     77,417       0.6%       (623)       (0.8%)
           Restructuring costs                                    155,411               1.3%         —          —    155,411            —
           Net finance costs                                      114,474               0.9%     70,630       0.6%    43,844     62.1%
      Earnings before income taxes                              1,516,267           12.5%      1,676,948     13.8%   (160,681)       (9.6%)


      3.7.1. Acquisition-Related and Integration Costs

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company incurred $76.8 million, for acquisition-related and integration costs,
      acquisitions' integration towards the CGI operating model. These costs were mainly related to terminations of employment
      and professional fees.

      3.7.2. Restructuring Costs

      During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company incurred, as part of its cost reduction efforts in response to COVID-19,
      restructuring costs related to terminations of employment, primarily in France, Canada and Germany. The initiative is expected
      to help mitigate the adverse impacts of COVID-19.

      During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company also announced a restructuring plan (the Restructuring Plan),
      mainly for the closure of our Brazil operations, the refocusing of the Portugal infrastructure business towards nearshore delivery
      and the optimization of the Sweden infrastructure business. These actions generated benefits throughout Fiscal 2020, as
      discussed in section 3.6. of the present document.

      As a result, a total of $155.4 million was expensed during the year ended September 30, 2020.

      3.7.3. Net Finance Costs

      Net finance costs mainly include interest on our long-term debt. For the year ended September 30, 2020, the increase in net
      finance costs of $43.8 million was mainly due to the recognition of $32.0 million of interest expense on leases liabilities upon
      adoption of IFRS 16 and our 2020 Term Loan.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                            Page     26
      26
      3.8. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE

      The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:

                                                                                                                Change
      For the years ended September 30,                                          2020         2019               $                   %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
      Earnings before income taxes                                         1,516,267      1,676,948      (160,681)             (9.6%)
      Income tax expense                                                     398,405       413,741        (15,336)             (3.7%)
          Effective tax rate                                                    26.3%        24.7%
      Net earnings                                                         1,117,862      1,263,207      (145,345)            (11.5%)
          Net earnings margin                                                    9.2%        10.4%

      Weighted average number of shares outstanding

        Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B                    262,005,521    272,719,309   (10,713,788)             (3.9%)
        multiple voting shares (basic)


        Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B                    266,104,062    277,785,725   (11,681,663)             (4.2%)
        multiple voting shares (diluted)

      Earnings per share (in dollars)
        Basic                                                                    4.27          4.63          (0.36)            (7.8%)
        Diluted                                                                  4.20          4.55          (0.35)            (7.7%)


      3.8.1. Income Tax Expense

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, income tax expense was $398.4 million compared to $413.7 million over the same
      period last year, while our effective tax rate increased to 26.3% from 24.7%. The prior year effective tax rate was impacted
      by a tax adjustment from a settlement with the German tax authorities where the Company booked $115.5 million of additional
      corporate tax losses, and recorded a $18.5 million income tax recovery.

      When excluding that tax adjustment and the tax effects from acquisition-related and integration costs and restructuring costs,
      the effective tax rate would have been 25.6% for both financial years. The effective tax rate excluding specific items is a non-
      GAAP measure that management believes is useful when comparing our performance to the prior year.

      The table in section 3.8.3. shows the year-over-year comparison of the tax rate with the impact of specific items removed.

      Based on the enacted rates at the end of Fiscal 2020 and our current business mix, we expect our effective tax rate before
      any significant adjustments to be in the range of 25.0% to 27.0% in subsequent periods.

      3.8.2. Weighted Average Number of Shares

      For Fiscal 2020, CGI’s basic and diluted weighted average number of shares decreased compared to Fiscal 2019 due to the
      impact of purchase for cancellation of Class A Shares, partly offset by the grant and the exercise of stock options. Please refer
      to notes 19, 20 and 21 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                         Page   27
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 27
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      3.8.3. Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Excluding Specific Items

      Below is a table showing the year-over-year comparison excluding specific items namely, acquisition-related and integration
      costs and restructuring costs.

                                                                                                                      Change
      For the years ended September 30,
                                                                                         2020          2019            $               %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages and shares data

      Earnings before income taxes                                               1,516,267         1,676,948    (160,681)        (9.6%)
      Add back:
           Acquisition-related and integration costs                                76,794           77,417         (623)        (0.8%)
           Restructuring costs                                                     155,411                —     155,411             —
      Earnings before income taxes excluding specific items                      1,748,472         1,754,365      (5,893)        (0.3%)
           Margin                                                                       14.4%         14.5%

      Income tax expense                                                           398,405          413,741      (15,336)        (3.7%)
           Effective tax rate                                                           26.3%         24.7%
      Add back:
           Tax deduction on acquisition-related and integration costs               14,717           16,307       (1,590)        (9.8%)
           Impact on effective tax rate                                                 (0.3%)         (0.2%)
           Tax deduction on restructuring costs                                     35,278                —      35,278             —
           Impact on effective tax rate                                                 (0.4%)            —
           Tax adjustment                                                                  —         18,451      (18,451)      (100.0%)
           Impact on effective tax rate                                                    —           1.1%
      Income tax expense excluding specific items                                  448,400          448,499          (99)         —%
           Effective tax rate excluding specific items                                  25.6%         25.6%

      Net earnings excluding specific items                                      1,300,072         1,305,866      (5,794)        (0.4%)
           Net earnings margin excluding specific items                                 10.7%         10.8%

      Weighted average number of shares outstanding
        Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple
        voting shares (basic)                                                 262,005,521        272,719,309                     (3.9%)

        Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple
        voting shares (diluted)                                               266,104,062        277,785,725                     (4.2%)

      Earnings per share excluding specific items (in dollars)
        Basic                                                                            4.96           4.79        0.17         3.5%
        Diluted                                                                          4.89           4.70        0.19         4.0%




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                           Page    28
      28
   4. Liquidity
4. Liquidity


      4.1. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

     CGI’s growth is financed through a combination of cash flow from operations, drawing on our unsecured committed revolving
     credit facility, the issuance of long-term debt, and the issuance of equity. One of our financial priorities is to maintain an optimal
     level of liquidity through the active management of our assets and liabilities as well as our cash flows.

      As at September 30, 2020, cash and cash equivalents were $1,708.0 million. The following table provides a summary of the
      generation and use of cash for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019.

      For the years ended September 30,                                                                     2020                   2019              Change
      In thousands of CAD
      Cash provided by operating activities                                                           1,938,556              1,633,919               304,637
      Cash used in investing activities                                                                 (572,453)             (950,809)              378,356

      Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                     94,172              (629,109)              723,281

      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                33,879                 (24,261)              58,140
      Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                       1,494,154                  29,740            1,464,414


      4.1.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
      For the year ended September 30, 2020, cash provided by operating activities was $1,938.6 million or 15.9% of revenue
      compared to $1,633.9 million or 13.5% for the same period last year.

      The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities:

      For the years ended September 30,                                                                                  2020               2019      Change
      In thousands of CAD

      Net earnings                                                                                                  1,117,862       1,263,207        (145,345)
      Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                                      565,692          392,301         173,391
                            1
      Other adjustments                                                                                                36,838          34,662            2,176
      Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash working capital
      items                                                                                                         1,720,392       1,690,170          30,222
      Net change in non-cash working capital items:
          Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                                 256,986           21,859         235,127
          Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, provisions and long-term
          liabilities                                                                                                  12,193         (21,620)         33,813
          Other2                                                                                                      (51,015)        (56,490)           5,475
      Net change in non-cash working capital items                                                                   218,164          (56,251)        274,415
      Cash provided by operating activities                                                                         1,938,556       1,633,919         304,637
      1
          Comprised of deferred income taxes, foreign exchange (gain) loss, loss on sale of business and share-based payment costs.
      2
          Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets, retirement benefits obligations, derivative financial instruments and income
          taxes.
      For the year ended September 30, 2020, the increase in our cash provided by operating activities was mostly due to higher
      collection of receivables and the impact of $165.3 million coming from the change in presentation of the payment of leases
      resulting from the adoption of IFRS 16. This was partially offset by the timing of payables.

      The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                                  Page   29




                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 29
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      4.1.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, $572.5 million was used in investing activities while $950.8 million was used over
      the same periods last year.

      The following table provides a summary of the use of cash from investing activities:


      For the years ended September 30,                                                      2020           2019         Change
      In thousands of CAD
      Business acquisitions and Investment in Acando AB                                  (266,938)       (620,014)        353,076

      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                          (128,478)       (162,061)         33,583
      Additions to contract costs                                                         (72,845)        (60,191)        (12,654)
      Additions to intangible assets                                                     (114,112)       (105,976)         (8,136)
      Net change in short-term investments and purchase of long-term investments             9,920         (2,567)         12,487
      Cash used in investing activities                                                  (572,453)       (950,809)        378,356


      The decrease of $378.4 million in cash used in investing activities during the year ended September 30, 2020 was mainly due
      to the decrease in cash used in the prior year for the acquisition of Acando, as well as a decrease of investments in computer
      equipment and leasehold improvements. This was partially offset by an increase of investment in business acquisitions.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                      Page   30
      30
      4.1.3. Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, $94.2 million was generated from financing activities while $629.1 million was used
      over the same period last year.

      The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from financing activities:

      For the years ended September 30,                                                      2020             2019           Change
      In thousands of CAD

      Net change in unsecured committed revolving credit facility                        (334,370)          139,575          (473,945)
      Payment of lease liabilities                                                       (175,320)               —           (175,320)
      Net change in long-term debt                                                      1,700,671           331,404        1,369,267
                                                                                        1,190,981           470,979          720,002
      Repayment of debt assumed from business acquisitions                                (28,281)           (2,141)          (26,140)
      Payment for remaining shares of Acando                                              (23,123)               —            (23,123)
      Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts                        (55,287)          (30,740)          (24,547)
      Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                        (3,903)            (554)           (3,349)
      Purchase and cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares                    (1,043,517)      (1,130,255)          86,738
      Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                        57,302            63,602            (6,300)
      Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                      94,172          (629,109)         723,281


      For the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company received through the 2020 Term Loan an amount of $1,764.7 million
      (US$1,250.0 million), had a net repayment of $334.4 million under our unsecured committed revolving credit facility, made
      scheduled repayments of senior unsecured notes in the amount of $65.9 million. In addition, we paid $175.3 million of lease
      liabilities, of which $165.3 million is related to the adoption of IFRS 16, and used $28.3 million to repay debt assumed from
      business acquisitions.

      For the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company drew $139.6 million under the unsecured committed revolving credit
      facility and entered into a five-year unsecured committed term loan credit facility of $670.0 million (swapped into euro currency)
      which was in part used for the scheduled repayments of the Senior unsecured notes in the amount of $306.8 million, used to
      invest in business acquisitions and in the purchase for cancellation of Class A Shares.

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company paid $23.1 million to acquire the remaining 3.9% of outstanding shares
      of Acando.

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, $55.3 million was used to purchase Class A Shares in connection with the Company's
      Performance Share Unit Plans (PSU Plans) compared to $30.7 million during the year ended September 30, 2019. More
      information concerning the PSU Plans can be found in note 20 of the audited consolidated financial statements.

      For the year ended September 30, 2020, $1,043.5 million was used to pay for the purchase for cancellation of 10,605,464
      Class A Shares. During the year ended September 30, 2019, $1,130.3 million was used to purchase 12,510,232 Class A
      Shares for cancellation.

      Finally, for the year ended September 30, 2020, we received $57.3 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options,
      compared to $63.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2019.

      4.1.4. Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents
     For the year ended September 30, 2020, the effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents had a
     favourable impact of $33.9 million. This amount had no effect on net earnings as it was recorded in other comprehensive
     income.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page   31
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 31
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      4.2. CAPITAL RESOURCES

         As at September 30, 2020                                                                                                                        Available
         In thousands of CAD
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                       1,707,985
         Short-term investments                                                                                                                               1,473
         Long-term investments                                                                                                                              22,612
         Unsecured committed revolving credit facility1                                                                                                  1,490,301
         Total                                                                                                                                           3,222,371
      1
            As at September 30, 2020, letters of credit in the amount of $9.7 million were outstanding against the $1.5 billion unsecured committed revolving credit
            facility.

     As at September 30, 2020, cash and cash equivalents and investments represented $1,732.1 million.

     Cash equivalents include term deposits, all with maturities of 90 days or less. Short-term investments include money market
     securities, with initial maturities ranging from 91 days to one year. Long-term investments include corporate and government
     bonds with maturities ranging from one to five years, with a credit rating of A- or higher.

     As at September 30, 2020, the aggregate amount of the capital resources available to the Company was $3,222.4 million.
     The long-term debt agreements contain covenants, which require us to maintain certain financial ratios. As at September 30,
     2020, CGI was in compliance with these covenants.

     Total debt increased by $1,255.9 million to $3,587.1 million as at September 30, 2020 compared to $2,331.2 million as at
     September 30, 2019. The variance was mainly due to the additional $1,764.7 million (US$1,250.0 million) received through
     the 2020 Term Loan, partially offset by the change in the unsecured committed revolving credit facility of $334.4 million, by a
     foreign exchange translation impact of $77.1 million and by scheduled repayments of the Senior unsecured notes in the amount
     of $65.9 million.

     As at September 30, 2020, CGI was showing a positive working capital2 of $1,280.2 million. The Company also had $1,490.3
     million available under its unsecured committed revolving credit facility and is generating a significant level of cash, which
     CGI's management currently considers will allow the Company to fund its operations while maintaining adequate levels of
     liquidity.

     The tax implications and impact related to the repatriation of cash will not materially affect the Company’s liquidity.




     2
            Working capital is defined as total current assets minus total current liabilities.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                                       Page       32
      32
      4.3. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

      We are committed under the terms of contractual obligations which have various expiration dates, primarily for the rental of
      premises, computer equipment used in outsourcing contracts and long-term service agreements. For the year ended
      September 30, 2020, the Company increased its commitments by $1,319.5 million mainly due to the increase of long-
      term debt.

                                                                                           Less than 1                               More than 5
      Commitment type                                                              Total                 1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years
                                                                                                  year                                     years
      In thousands of CAD
      Long-term debt                                                          3,582,216       310,726    2,137,273      1,134,210              7
      Estimated interest on long-term debt                                      189,723        84,472        84,659        20,592
      Lease liabilities                                                         876,370       178,720      280,259       202,565        214,826

      Estimated interest on lease liabilities                                   126,123        28,897        45,705        27,306         24,215
      Long-term service agreements and other                                    235,781       124,776      110,790            215
      Total                                                                   5,010,213       727,591     2,658,686     1,384,888       239,048


      4.4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS

      We use various financial instruments to help us manage our exposure to fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and
      interest rates. Please refer to note 3 and 32 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on our
      financial instruments and hedging transactions.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                   Page   33
                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 33
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      4.5. SELECTED MEASURES OF CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY

      As at September 30,                                                                                                           2020                2019
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages
      Reconciliation between net debt and long-term debt including the current portion:
      Net debt                                                                                                                2,777,928             2,117,229
      Add back:
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          1,707,985              213,831
           Short-term investments                                                                                                  1,473               9,889
           Long-term investments                                                                                                  22,612              24,596
           Fair value of foreign currency derivative financial instruments related to debt                                       (46,533)             (34,338)
      Long-term debt (including the current portion) and lease liabilities               1
                                                                                                                              4,463,465             2,331,207

      Net debt to capitalization ratio                                                                                              23.6%              22.9%
      Return on equity                                                                                                              16.0%              18.5%
      Return on invested capital                                                                                                    12.1%              15.1%
      Days sales outstanding                                                                                                           47                    50
      1
           As at September 30, 2020, long-term debt including the current portion was $3,587.1 million and lease liabilities were $876.4 million.


      We use the net debt to capitalization ratio as an indication of our financial leverage in order to realize our Build and Buy strategy
      (please refer to section 1.2 of the present document for additional information on our Build and Buy strategy). The net debt
      to capitalization ratio increased to 23.6% in Fiscal 2020. When excluding the impact of the adoption of IFRS 16, the net debt
      to capitalization ratio would have been 17.6% in Fiscal 2020 down from 22.9% in Fiscal 2019, mostly due to higher capitalization
      mainly as a result of the 2020 Term Loan and a higher cash generation.

      ROE is a measure of the return we are generating for our shareholders. ROE decreased to 16.0% in Fiscal 2020 from 18.5%
      in Fiscal 2019. When excluding the impact of IFRS 16, our ROE would have been 15.9% in Fiscal 2020. The decrease was
      mainly due to lower net earnings over the last four quarters.

      ROIC is a measure of the Company’s efficiency in allocating the capital under our control to profitable investments. The return
      on invested capital ratio decreased to 12.1% in Fiscal 2020 from 15.1% in Fiscal 2019. When excluding the impact of IFRS
      16, the ROIC ratio would have been 12.7%. The decrease in ROIC was mainly the result of lower net earnings excluding net
      finance costs after-tax over the last four quarters.

      DSO decreased to 47 days at the end of Fiscal 2020 when compared to 50 days in Fiscal 2019. In calculating the DSO, we
      subtract the deferred revenue balance from trade accounts receivable and work in progress; for that reason, the timing of
      payments received from managed IT and business process services clients in advance of the work to be performed and the
      timing of payments related to project milestones can affect the DSO. The Company maintains a target DSO of 45 days.

      4.6. GUARANTEES

     In the normal course of operations, we may enter into agreements to provide financial or performance assurances to third
     parties on the sale of assets, business divestitures and guarantees on government and commercial contracts.

     In connection with sales of assets and business divestitures, the Company may be required to pay counterparties for costs
     and losses incurred as a result of breaches in our contractual obligations, representations and warranties, intellectual property
     right infringement and litigation against counterparties, among others. While some of the agreements specify a maximum
     potential exposure, others do not specify a maximum amount or limited period. It is not possible to reasonably estimate the
     maximum amount that may have to be paid under such guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon the outcome of future
     contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. The Company does not expect to
     incur any potential payment in connection with these guarantees that could have a materially adverse effect on its audited
     consolidated financial statements.

     In the normal course of business, we may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and performance
     bonds. In general, we would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if we refuse to perform the project once we are



CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                                 Page    34
      34
     awarded the bid. We would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of a default in the performance of our
     obligations. As at September 30, 2020, we had committed a total of $32.1 million for these bonds. To the best of our knowledge,
     we complied with our performance obligations under all service contracts for which there was a performance or bid bond, and
     the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these guarantees would not have a material adverse effect on our
     consolidated results of operations or financial condition.

      4.7. CAPABILITY TO DELIVER RESULTS

      Despite the impact of COVID-19, as outlined in section 2.6 of the present document, CGI's management believes that the
      Company has sufficient capital resources to support ongoing business operations and execute the Build and Buy growth
      strategy. Our principal and most accretive uses of cash are: to invest in our business (procuring new large managed IT and
      business process services contracts and developing business and IP solutions); to pursue accretive acquisitions; and to
      purchase for cancellation Class A Shares and pay down debt. In terms of financing, we are well positioned to continue executing
      our four-pillar growth strategy in Fiscal 2021.

      To successfully implement the Company's strategy, CGI relies on a strong leadership team, supported by highly knowledgeable
      members with relevant relationships and significant experience in both IT and our targeted industries. CGI fosters leadership
      development through the CGI Leadership Institute ensuring continuity and knowledge transfer across the organization. For
      key positions, a detailed succession plan is established and revised frequently.

      As a Company built on human capital, our professionals and their knowledge are critical to delivering quality service to our
      clients. Our human resources program allows us to attract and retain the best talent as it provides competitive compensation
      and benefits, a favourable working environment, training programs and career development opportunities. Employee
      satisfaction is monitored annually through a Company-wide survey. Also, a majority of our professionals are owners of CGI
      through our Share Purchase Plan which, along with the Profit Participation Plan, allow them to share Company successes,
      further aligning stakeholders interests.

      In addition to capital resources and talent, CGI has established the Management Foundation encompassing governance
      policies, organizational model and sophisticated management frameworks for its business units and corporate processes.
      This robust governance model provides a common business language for managing all operations consistently across the
      globe, driving a focus on continuous improvement. CGI’s operations maintain appropriate certifications in accordance with
      service requirements such as the ISO and the Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) certification programs.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                       Page   35
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 35
      Management's Discussion and Analysis


      5. Fourth Quarter Result (Unaudited)
5.      Fourth Quarter Results (Unaudited)
5.      Fourth Quarter Results (Unaudited)
      5.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO
      5.1. BOOKINGS
      Bookings for the AND   BOOK-TO-BILL
                        quarter ended       RATIO
                                      September   30, 2020 were $3.5 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 118.8%. The
      breakdown  of the
      Bookings for  the new bookings
                        quarter endedsigned during30,
                                      September    the2020
                                                       quarter is as
                                                            were     follows:
                                                                   $3.5  billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 118.8%. The
      breakdown of the new bookings signed during the quarter is as follows:

                                                                                                     H                                          E
                                                                                                 G
                B                                                                                               A                         D
                                                                                             F
                                                      B                                                                                                     A
                                                                                                                                      C
                                                                          A                 E
                                                                                                                    B
                             A
                                                                                                 D                                              B
                                                                                                         C

               Contract Type                              Service Type                            Segment                                 Vertical Market

      A.   Extensions,
               Contractrenewals
                         Type        78 %   A.     Managed   IT and
                                                        Service  Type          57 %   A.    U.S. Federal
                                                                                                  Segment                       A.   Government
                                                                                                                                        Vertical Market            42 %
           and add-ons                                                                                                  26 %
                                                   Business Process
      A.   Extensions, renewals      78 %   A.     Managed IT and
                                                   Services                    57 %   A.    U.S. Federal                        A.   Government                    42 %
      B.   Newadd-ons
           and  business             22 %                                             B.    U.S. Commercial and         26
                                                                                                                        14 %
                                                                                                                           %    B.   Financial Services            26 %
                                                   Business Process                         State Government
      B.   New business              22 %   B.     Servicesintegration and
                                                   System                      43 %   B.
                                                                                      C.    U.S. Commercial and                 B.
                                                                                                                                C.   Financial Services
                                                                                                                                     MRD                           26
                                                                                                                                                                   16 %
                                                                                            U.K.and Australia           14
                                                                                                                        14 %
                                                                                                                           %
                                                                                            State Government
                                                   consulting
                                            B.     System integration and      43 %   C.                                        C.   MRD                           16 %
                                                                                      D.    Canada
                                                                                            U.K.and Australia           14
                                                                                                                        13 %    D    Health                         8%
                                                   consulting
                                                                                      E.
                                                                                      D.    Western
                                                                                            Canada and                  11      E
                                                                                                                                D    Communication
                                                                                                                                     Health        &                8%
                                                                                                                                                                    8 %
                                                                                            Southern Europe             13 %         Utilities
                                                                                      E.
                                                                                      F.    Westernand
                                                                                            Central andEastern          119 %   E    Communication &                8%
                                                                                            Southern Europe
                                                                                            Europe                          %        Utilities
                                                                                      F.    Central and Eastern
                                                                                      G.    Scandinavia
                                                                                            Europe                       7
                                                                                                                         9%
                                                                                      H.    Finland, Poland and          6%
                                                                                      G.    Scandinavia
                                                                                            Baltics                      7%
                                                                                      H.    Finland, Poland and          6%
                                                                                            Baltics
      The following table provides a summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:
      The following table provides a summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:
                                                                         Bookings for the three          Bookings for the year                Book-to-bill ratio for
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages                                months ended             ended September 30,                      the year ended
                                                                           September
                                                                         Bookings      30, three
                                                                                  for the   2020         Bookings for the 2020
                                                                                                                          year                September 30,
                                                                                                                                              Book-to-bill     2020
                                                                                                                                                           ratio for
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages                                months ended             ended September 30,                      the year ended
      Total CGI                                                                      3,474,148
                                                                           September 30, 2020                      11,847,704
                                                                                                                          2020                               97.4
                                                                                                                                              September 30, 2020  %

      Total
      Western
            CGIand Southern Europe                                                    3,474,148
                                                                                        391,598                          11,847,704
                                                                                                                          1,860,234                             97.2 %
                                                                                                                                                                97.4
      U.S. Commercial and State Government                                                 495,585                        2,027,383                         106.3 %
      Western and Southern Europe                                                          391,598                        1,860,234                          97.2 %
      Canada                                                                               458,330                        1,443,508                          78.9 %
      U.S. Commercial and State Government                                                 495,585                        2,027,383                         106.3 %
      U.S. Federal                                                                         879,881                        1,747,090                         100.7 %
      Canada                                                                               458,330                        1,443,508                          78.9 %
      U.K. Federal
           and Australia                                                                   491,920                        1,308,393                          83.4 %
      U.S.                                                                                 879,881                        1,747,090                         100.7 %
      Central                                                                                                                                                     %
           andand Eastern Europe                                                           321,158                        1,341,408                         107.5
      U.K.     Australia                                                                   491,920                        1,308,393                          83.4 %
      Scandinavia                                                                          224,027                        1,290,579                         111.5 %
      Central and Eastern Europe                                                           321,158                        1,341,408                         107.5 %
      Finland, Poland and Baltics                                                          211,649                          829,109                         103.1 %
      Scandinavia                                                                          224,027                        1,290,579                         111.5 %
      Finland, Poland and Baltics                                                          211,649                          829,109                         103.1 %




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                                       Page     36
      36
CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                                       Page     36
      5.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE
      The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS, we
      value assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various exchange rates. We report all
      dollar amounts in Canadian dollars.



      Closing foreign exchange rates

      As at September 30,                                                                   2020             2019        Change

      U.S. dollar                                                                         1.3325           1.3246           0.6%
      Euro                                                                                1.5622           1.4446           8.1%
      Indian rupee                                                                        0.0181           0.0188           (3.7%)
      British pound                                                                       1.7216           1.6302           5.6%
      Swedish krona                                                                       0.1487           0.1347          10.4%


      Average foreign exchange rates

      For the three months ended September 30,                                            2020             2019          Change

      U.S. dollar                                                                        1.3327           1.3205            0.9%
      Euro                                                                               1.5579           1.4689            6.1%
      Indian rupee                                                                       0.0179           0.0188            (4.8%)
      British pound                                                                      1.7215           1.6285            5.7%
      Swedish krona                                                                      0.1503           0.1378            9.1%




                                                                                                     FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 37

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                      Page   37
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      5.3. REVENUE DISTRIBUTION

      The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the quarter ended September 30, 2020:



                                                                                   H                                      E
                                                                               G                                   D
                                                                                            A                                       A
                                                                           F
                        B
                                                                           E
                                           A
                                                                                                                  C
                                                                               D
                                                                                            B
                                                                                    C                                         B




                            Service Type                                       Client Geography                       Vertical Market

       A.   Managed IT and Business Process Services      56%    A.   U.S.                        31%   A.   Government                          35%
       B.   System integration and consulting             44%    B.   Canada                      15%   B.   MRD                                 22%
                                                                 C.   U.K.                        13%   C.   Financial services                  22%
                                                                 D.   France                      13%   D.   Communications & utilities          14%
                                                                 E.   Germany                      6%   E.   Health                               7%
                                                                 F.   Sweden                       6%
                                                                 G.   Finland                      6%
                                                                 H.   Rest of the world           10%




      5.3.1. Client Concentration

      IFRS guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known to the reporting entity
      to be under common control. As a consequence, our work for the U.S. federal government including its various agencies
      represented 14.5% of our revenue for Q4 2020 as compared to 13.7% for Q4 2019.




      38

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                     Page    38
      5.4. REVENUE BY SEGMENT
      The following table provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment, separately
      showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between the Q4 2020 and Q4 2019 periods. The Q4 2019
      revenue by segment was recorded reflecting the actual average foreign exchange rates for that period. The foreign exchange
      impact is the difference between the current period’s actual results and the current period’s results converted with the prior
      year’s average foreign exchange rates.

                                                                                                                              Change
      For the three months ended September 30,                                              2020        2019              $                %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages
      Total CGI revenue                                                                 2,925,560   2,959,230       (33,670)            (1.1%)
      Variation prior to foreign currency impact                                           (4.5%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                               3.4%
      Variation over previous period                                                       (1.1%)

      Western and Southern Europe
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           407,659     475,297        (67,638)           (14.2%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                             25,405
      Western and Southern Europe revenue                                                433,064     475,297        (42,233)            (8.9%)

      U.S. Commercial and State Government
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           456,549     447,527          9,022             2.0%
      Foreign currency impact                                                              4,822
      U.S. Commercial and State Government                                               461,371     447,527         13,844             3.1%
      revenue

      Canada
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           396,243     430,572        (34,329)            (8.0%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                                512
      Canada revenue                                                                     396,755     430,572        (33,817)            (7.9%)

      U.S. Federal
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           427,140     416,713         10,427             2.5%
      Foreign currency impact                                                              4,236
      U.S. Federal revenue                                                               431,376     416,713         14,663             3.5%

      U.K. and Australia
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           328,405     337,964         (9,559)            (2.8%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                             19,068
      U.K. and Australia revenue                                                         347,473     337,964          9,509             2.8%

      Central and Eastern Europe
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           289,263     293,196         (3,933)            (1.3%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                             17,577
      Central and Eastern Europe revenue                                                 306,840     293,196         13,644             4.7%

      Scandinavia
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           218,593     260,367        (41,774)           (16.0%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                             15,597
      Scandinavia revenue                                                                234,190     260,367        (26,177)           (10.1%)

      Finland, Poland and Baltics
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           167,945     176,327         (8,382)            (4.8%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                             10,467
      Finland, Poland & Baltics revenue                                                  178,412     176,327          2,085             1.2%




                                                                                                                FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 39

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                  Page    39
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




                                                                                                                         Change
      For the three months ended September 30,                                            2020       2019            $               %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages
      Asia Pacific
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                          177,440    156,388      21,052            13.5%
      Foreign currency impact                                                            (5,855)
      Asia Pacific revenue                                                              171,585    156,388      15,197             9.7%

      Eliminations                                                                      (35,506)   (35,121)       (385)            1.1%


      We ended the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020 with revenue of $2,925.6 million, a decrease of $33.7 million, or 1.1% when
      compared to the same period of Fiscal 2019. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $132.9 million or 4.5%.
      Foreign currency rate fluctuations favourably impacted our revenue by $99.2 million or 3.4%. The change in revenue was
      mainly due to the slowdown of activities, primarily in the MRD, financial services and communications & utilities vertical markets,
      mostly as a result of COVID-19. This was partly offset by recent business acquisitions.

      5.4.1. Western and Southern Europe
      Revenue in our Western and Southern Europe segment was $433.1 million in Q4 2020, a decrease of $42.2 million or 8.9%
      over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $67.6 million or 14.2%. The change in
      revenue was due to the slowdown of activities mainly within the financial services and MRD vertical markets, primarily as a
      result of COVID-19. This was partially offset by the Meti acquisition.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Western and Southern Europe vertical markets were MRD and financial services,
      generating combined revenues of approximately $266 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020.

      5.4.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government

      Revenue from our U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $461.4 million in Q4 2020, an increase of $13.8
      million or 3.1% compared to the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $9.0 million or
      2.0%. The increase was mainly driven by growth within the financial services vertical market, including higher IP sales and
      service revenue. This was partly offset by an adjustment due to a reevaluation of cost to complete on a project and lower work
      volume within the communications & utilities vertical market.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two U.S. Commercial and State Government vertical markets were financial services
      and government, generating combined revenues of approximately $279 million for the three months ended September 30,
      2020.

      5.4.3. Canada
      Revenue in our Canada segment was $396.8 million in Q4 2020, a decrease of $33.8 million or 7.9% over the same period
      last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $34.3 million or 8.0%. The change was mainly due to the
      impact of COVID-19, lower work volumes and license sales, all within the financial services vertical market, and a higher
      proportion of client projects transferred to our global delivery centers of excellence in Asia-Pacific.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Canada vertical markets were financial services and communications & utilities,
      generating combined revenues of approximately $281 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020.

      5.4.4. U.S. Federal
      Revenue in our U.S. Federal segment was $431.4 million in Q4 2020, an increase of $14.7 million or 3.5% over the same
      period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $10.4 million or 2.5%. The increase was driven by IP
      solutions, application support and cybersecurity services as well as recent business acquisitions. This was partly offset by
      lower transaction volumes related to our IP business process services, mainly due to the impact of the COVID-19 and certain
      adjustments on client contracts.

      For the three months ended September 30, 2020, 84% of revenues within the U.S. Federal segment were federal civilian
      based.




      40

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                             Page    40
      5.4.5. U.K. and Australia
      Revenue in our U.K. and Australia segment was $347.5 million in Q4 2020, an increase of $9.5 million or 2.8% over the same
      period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $9.6 million or 2.8%. The change was mainly due to
      the non-renewal of certain infrastructure contracts and the successful completion of the build phase of a large project within
      the communications and utilities vertical market. This was partly offset by the SCISYS acquisition.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two U.K. and Australia vertical markets were government and communications & utilities,
      generating combined revenues of approximately $285 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020.

      5.4.6. Central and Eastern Europe
      Revenue in our Central and Eastern Europe segment was $306.8 million in Q4 2020, an increase of $13.6 million or 4.7%
      over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $3.9 million or 1.3%. The change in
      revenue was mainly due to the impact of COVID-19, mainly within the MRD vertical market, and a higher proportion of client
      projects transferred to our global delivery centers of excellence in Asia-Pacific. This was partially offset by the SCISYS
      acquisition.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Central and Eastern Europe vertical markets were MRD and government, generating
      combined revenues of approximately $202 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020.

      5.4.7. Scandinavia
      Revenue in our Scandinavia segment was $234.2 million, a decrease of $26.2 million or 10.1% over the same period last
      year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $41.8 million or 16.0%. The decrease was mainly the result of a
      slowdown of activities primarely within the MRD vertical market related to the impact of COVID-19, as well as the non-renewal
      of infrastructure contracts.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Scandinavia vertical markets were MRD and government, generating combined
      revenues of approximately $180 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020.

      5.4.8. Finland, Poland and Baltics

      Revenue in our Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $178.4 million, an increase of $2.1 million or 1.2% over the same
      period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $8.4 million or 4.8% mainly due to lower work volumes
      in the government vertical market, projects completed in the financial services vertical market and the impact of COVID-19.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Finland, Poland and Baltics vertical markets were government and financial services,
      generating combined revenues of approximately $109 million for the three months ended September 30, 2020.

      5.4.9. Asia Pacific
      Revenue in our Asia Pacific segment was $171.6 million, an increase of $15.2 million or 9.7% over the same period last year.
      On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $21.1 million or 13.5%. The increase was mainly driven by the continued
      demand for our offshore delivery centers, predominantly within the financial services and communications & utilities vertical
      markets.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 41
                                                                                                                      Page 41
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      5.5. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT

                                                                                                                      Change
      For the three months ended September 30,                                            2020      2019          $                %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages

      Western and Southern Europe                                                        59,742    74,832   (15,090)           (20.2%)
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                               13.8%     15.7%

      U.S. Commercial and State Government                                               66,474    68,161    (1,687)            (2.5%)
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                               14.4%     15.2%

      Canada                                                                             85,602    98,107   (12,505)           (12.7%)
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                               21.6%     22.8%

      U.S. Federal                                                                       58,073    59,490    (1,417)            (2.4%)
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                               13.5%     14.3%

      U.K. and Australia                                                                 55,749    44,230   11,519             26.0%
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                               16.0%     13.1%

      Central and Eastern Europe                                                         38,223    30,494     7,729            25.3%
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                               12.5%     10.4%

      Scandinavia                                                                         7,805    11,835    (4,030)           (34.1%)
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                                3.3%      4.5%

      Finland, Poland and Baltics                                                        32,931    32,072      859              2.7%
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                               18.5%     18.2%

      Asia Pacific                                                                       52,964    38,236   14,728             38.5%
        As a percentage of segment revenue                                               30.9%     24.4%
      Adjusted EBIT                                                                     457,563   457,457      106               —%
        Adjusted EBIT margin                                                             15.6%     15.5%

      Adjusted EBIT for the quarter was $457.6 million a decrease of $0.1 million from Q4 2019. The adjusted EBIT margin increased
      to 15.6% from 15.5% for the same period last year, mainly due to lower discretionary expenses due to COVID-19, synergies
      achieved through the optimization and modernization of our infrastructure business, savings generated from the Restructuring
      plan and the $8.5 million impact of adoption of IFRS 16. This was partly offset by adjustments on client contracts.

      5.5.1. Western and Southern Europe
      Adjusted EBIT in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $59.7 million in Q4 2020, a decrease of $15.1 million when
      compared to Q4 2019. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 13.8% from 15.7% in Q4 2019, primarily due to the slowdown of
      activities identified in the revenue section. This was partially offset by lower performance based compensation.

      5.5.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
      Adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $66.5 million in Q4 2020, a decrease of $1.7
      million when compared to Q4 2019. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 14.4% from 15.2% in Q4 2019.The change in adjusted
      EBIT margin was mainly due to an adjustment due to a reevaluation of cost to complete on a project and a litigation provision.
      This was in part offset by the impact of higher IP sales and solution revenue and lower discretionary expenses and fringe
      benefits due to COVID-19.

      5.5.3. Canada
      Adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $85.6 million in Q4 2020, a decrease of $12.5 million when compared to Q4 2019.
      Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 21.6% from 22.8% in Q4 2019. The change in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to
      the impact of lower IP license sales and service revenue within the financial services vertical market and the reevaluations of
      costs to complete on projects. This was partly offset by synergies achieved through the optimization and modernization of our
      infrastructure business and the impact of the adoption of IFRS 16.




      42

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page    42
      5.5.4. U.S. Federal
      Adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Federal segment was $58.1 million in Q4 2020, a decrease of $1.4 million when compared to Q4
      2019. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 13.5% from 14.3% in Q4 2019. The change in adjusted EBIT margin was primarily
      due to lower profitability and adjustments on isolated client contracts in the defense sector and lower business process services
      volumes, mostly related to COVID-19.

      5.5.5. U.K. and Australia
      Adjusted EBIT in the U.K. and Australia segment was $55.7 million in Q4 2020, an increase of $11.5 million when compared
      to Q4 2019. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 16.0% from 13.1% in Q4 2019. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was
      mainly due to the favourable impact of a renegotiation on a client contract, lower discretionary expenses due to COVID-19
      and the impact of the adoption of IFRS 16.

      5.5.6. Central and Eastern Europe
      Adjusted EBIT in the Central and Eastern Europe segment was $38.2 million in Q4 2020, an increase of $7.7 million when
      compared to Q4 2019. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 12.5% from 10.4% in Q4 2019 due to the benefits of synergies
      achieved through the integration of the prior year's business acquisitions and lower performance based compensation. This
      was in part offset by the slowdown of activities in the MRD vertical market, mostly related to COVID-19.

      5.5.7. Scandinavia
      Adjusted EBIT in the Scandinavia segment was $7.8 million in Q4 2020, a decrease of $4.0 million when compared to Q4
      2019. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 3.3% from 4.5% in Q4 2019. The change in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly driven
      by a slowdown of activities, mostly related to COVID-19, in part offset by the savings generated from the Restructuring Plan
      (see section 3.7.2. of the present document).

      5.5.8. Finland, Poland and Baltics

      Adjusted EBIT in our Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $32.9 million, an increase of $0.9 million, when compared to
      the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 18.5% from 18.2% mainly due to lower discretionary expenses
      and the temporary payroll tax relief, both due to COVID-19. This was mainly offset by the impact of lower work volumes in
      part due to COVID-19 and the prior year adjustments in performance based compensation accruals.

      5.5.9. Asia Pacific
      Adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $53.0 million in Q4 2020, an increase of $14.7 million when compared to Q4
      2019, while the adjusted EBIT margin increased to 30.9% from 24.4% Q4 2019. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was
      mostly due to automation and other productivity improvements, predominantly within the financial services and communications
      & utilities vertical markets, cost reduction in transportation and facilities due to the COVID-19 shutdown, the impact of the
      adoption of IFRS 16 and the favourable impact of our currency forward contracts.




                                                                                                       FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 43

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                         Page   43
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      5.6. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
      The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:

                                                                                                                          Change
      For the three months ended September 30,                                                2020          2019          $              %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
      Adjusted EBIT                                                                        457,563       457,457       106          0.0%
      Minus the following items:
           Acquisition-related and integration costs                                          5,302       27,291    (21,989)       (80.6%)
           Restructuring costs                                                              84,255            —     84,255           —
           Net finance costs                                                                30,424        17,824    12,600         70.7%
      Earnings before income taxes                                                         337,582       412,342    (74,760)       (18.1%)
      Income tax expense                                                                    85,668        88,253     (2,585)        (2.9%)
           Effective tax rate                                                                25.4%         21.4%

      Net earnings                                                                         251,914       324,089    (72,175)       (22.3%)
           Margin                                                                             8.6%         11.0%

      Weighted average number of shares

        Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares            258,210,169   268,135,727                   (3.7%)
        (basic)

        Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares            261,790,231   273,090,564                   (4.1%)
        (diluted)

      Earnings per share (in dollars)
        Basic EPS                                                                            0.98           1.21      (0.23)       (19.0%)
        Diluted EPS                                                                          0.96           1.19      (0.23)       (19.3%)


     For Q4 2020, the income tax expense was $85.7 million compared to $88.3 million for the same period last year, while our
     effective tax rate increased to 25.4% from 21.4%. During the quarter ended September 30, 2019, the Company settled with
     the German tax authorities and booked $115.5 million of additional corporate tax losses and recorded a $18.5 million income
     tax recovery. When excluding that tax adjustment and tax effects from acquisition-related and integration costs and restructuring
     costs, the effective tax rate would have been 25.5% in Q4 2020, compared to 25.1% in Q4 2019. The increase in the effective
     tax rate was mainly attributable to less non-taxable R&D tax credits in the U.S. partly offset by a different geographical
     profitability mix mainly within our France and U.K. operations.

      During the quarter, the Company did not purchase any Class A subordinate voting Shares for cancellation while 359,588 stock
      options were exercised.




      44

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                              Page      44
      5.6.1. Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Excluding Specific Items
      Below is a table showing the year-over-year comparison excluding specific items, namely acquisition-related and integration
      costs as well as restructuring costs :

                                                                                                                                    Change
      For the three months ended September 30,                                                2020          2019               $                  %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
      Earnings before income taxes                                                         337,582       412,342         (74,760)        (18.1%)
      Add back:
          Acquisition-related and integration costs                                          5,302        27,291         (21,989)        (80.6%)
          Restructuring costs                                                               84,255            —          84,255               —
      Earnings before income taxes excluding specific items                                427,139       439,633         (12,494)            (2.8%)

      Income tax expense                                                                    85,668        88,253          (2,585)            (2.9%)
          Effective tax rate                                                                 25.4%        21.4%
      Add back:
          Tax deduction on acquisition-related and integration costs                         1,210         3,467          (2,257)        (65.1%)
          Impact on effective tax rate                                                          —          (0.5%)
          Tax deduction on restructuring costs                                              21,871            —          21,871               —
          Impact on effective tax rate                                                        0.1%            —
          Tax adjustment                                                                        —         18,451
          Impact on effective tax rate                                                          —           4.2%
      Income tax expense excluding specific items                                          108,749       110,171          (1,422)            (1.3%)
          Effective tax rate excluding specific items                                        25.5%        25.1%

      Net earnings excluding specific items                                                318,390       329,462         (11,072)            (3.4%)
          Net earnings excluding specific items margin                                       10.9%        11.1%

      Weighted average number of shares outstanding

        Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares            258,210,169   268,135,727                            (3.7%)
        (basic)

        Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares            261,790,231   273,090,564                            (4.1%)
        (diluted)

      Earnings per share excluding specific items (in dollars)

        Basic EPS                                                                              1.23         1.23              —                 —
        Diluted EPS                                                                            1.22         1.21            0.01             0.8%




                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 45

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                    Page       45
     Management's Discussion and Analysis




      5.7. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      As at September 30, 2020, cash and cash equivalents were $1,708.0 million. The following table provides a summary of the
      generation and use of cash and cash equivalents for the quarters ended September 30, 2020 and 2019.

      For the three months ended September 30,                                                                2020                   2019               Change
      In thousands of CAD
      Cash provided by operating activities                                                                492,000                405,214                 86,786
      Cash used in investing activities                                                                    (67,996)               (94,730)                26,734
      Cash used in financing activities                                                                    (90,724)              (307,835)              217,111
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                    9,426               (13,969)                23,395
      Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                 342,706                (11,320)              354,026

      5.7.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
      For Q4 2020, cash provided by operating activities was $492.0 million compared to $405.2 million in Q4 2019, or 16.8% of
      revenue compared to 13.7% last year.
      The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities.

      For the three months ended September 30,                                                               2020                  2019                 Change
      In thousands of CAD
      Net earnings                                                                                       251,914                324,089                  (72,175)
      Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                          152,459                 97,155                   55,304
      Other adjustments 1                                                                                  22,957                  6,971                  15,986
      Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash                                  427,330                428,215                      (885)
      working capital items
      Net change in non-cash working capital items:
           Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                    151,583                 74,308                   77,275
           Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation,                                (14,054)              (63,567)                  49,513
           provisions and long-term liabilities
                   2
           Other                                                                                          (72,859)              (33,742)                 (39,117)
      Net change in non-cash working capital items                                                         64,670               (23,001)                  87,671
      Cash provided by operating activities                                                              492,000                405,214                   86,786
      1
             Other adjustments are comprised of deferred income taxes, foreign exchange (gain) loss, loss on sale of business and share-based payment costs.
      2
             Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets, retirement benefits obligations, derivative financial instruments and income
             taxes.

      For the three months ended September 30, 2020, the increase in our cash provided by operating activities was mostly due
      to the timing of collection of receivables and the impact of $36.4 million coming from the change in presentation of the payment
      of leases resulting from the adoption of IFRS 16. This was partially offset by repayments of government deferral programs
      and the timing of income tax payments.
      The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




      46

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                                     Page   46
      5.7.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities
      For Q4 2020, $68.0 million was used in investing activities while $94.7 million was used in the prior year.

      The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from investing activities:

      For the three months ended September 30,                                            2020              2019         Change
      In thousands of CAD
      Business acquisitions                                                              7,083           (14,876)          21,959
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                         (31,513)         (41,592)          10,079
      Additions to contract costs                                                       (19,166)         (12,679)          (6,487)
      Additions to intangible assets                                                    (29,410)         (26,421)          (2,989)
      Net change in short-term investments and purchase of long-term investments         5,010               838            4,172
      Cash used in investing activities                                                 (67,996)         (94,730)          26,734


      The decrease of $26.7 million in cash used in investing activities during the three months ended September 30, 2020 was
      mainly due to the decrease in cash used for business acquisitions, as well as a decrease of investments in computer equipment.
      This was partially offset by an increase in cash used in contract costs.

      5.7.3. Cash Used in Financing Activities

       For the three months ended September 30,                                             2020             2019        Change
       In thousands of CAD
       Net change in unsecured committed revolving credit facility                                 1      (95,119)         95,120
       Payment of lease liabilities                                                       (39,820)             —          (39,820)
       Net change in long-term debt                                                       (57,613)       (123,446)         65,833
                                                                                          (97,432)       (218,565)       121,133
       Repayment of debt assumed in a business acquisition                                    (38)           (767)           729
       Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                      (3,903)          1,380          (5,283)
       Purchase and cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts             —       (106,143)       106,143
       Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                       10,649         16,260           (5,611)
       Cash used in financing activities                                                  (90,724)       (307,835)       217,111

      During Q4 2020, we used $57.6 million to reduce our outstanding long-term debt mainly driven by scheduled repayments on
      Senior unsecured notes in the amount of $65.9 million, and we paid $39.8 million of lease liabilities, of which $36.4 million
      were related to the adoption of IFRS 16. During Q4 2019, we used $123.4 million to reduce our outstanding long-term debt
      mainly driven by scheduled repayments on Senior unsecured notes in the amount of $119.2 million and we repaid $95.1 million
      on the Company's unsecured committed revolving credit facility.
      During Q4 2020, we did not purchase Class A Shares for cancellation under the NCIB, while for the same period last year,
      we used $106.1 million to purchase Class A Shares for cancellation under the NCIB.
      In Q4 2020, we received $10.6 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options, compared to $16.3 million during the
      same period last year.




                                                                                                       FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 47

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                      Page   47
     Management's Discussion and Analysis


      6. Eight Quarter Summary (Unaudited)
6.      Eight Quarter Summary (Unaudited)


                                                                   Sep. 30,     Jun. 30,     Mar. 31,     Dec. 31,      Sep. 30,     Jun. 30,      Mar. 31,      Dec. 31,
      As at and for the three months ended,                         2020         2020         2020         2019          2019         2019          2019          2018
      In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
      Growth
      Revenue                                                      2,925.6      3,052.7       3,131.1      3,054.7      2,959.2       3,119.8     3,068.3       2,963.9
      Year-over-year revenue growth                                 (1.1%)       (2.2%)        2.0%         3.1%          5.7%         6.1%          4.0%          5.2%
      Constant currency year-over-year revenue                      (4.5%)       (3.5%)        3.0%         4.8%          7.7%         6.6%          4.7%          4.5%
      growth
      Backlog                                                       22,673       22,295       22,994       22,292        22,611       22,418        22,947        23,338
      Bookings                                                      3,474         2,841        2,783        2,749         3,409        2,951         3,255         3,031
      Book-to-bill ratio                                           118.8%        93.1%        88.9%         90.0%       115.2%        94.6%        106.1%        102.3%
      Book-to-bill ratio trailing twelve months                     97.4%        96.6%        97.0%        101.3%       104.4%        106.9%       112.9%        116.3%
      Profitability1
      Adjusted EBIT2                                                457.6         448.0        483.2        474.1         457.5        474.2         454.1         439.2
          Adjusted EBIT margin                                      15.6%        14.7%        15.4%         15.5%        15.5%        15.2%         14.8%         14.8%
      Net earnings                                                  251.9         260.9        314.8        290.2         324.1        309.4         318.3         311.5
          Net earnings margin                                        8.6%         8.5%        10.1%         9.5%         11.0%         9.9%         10.4%         10.5%
      Diluted EPS (in dollars)                                      0.96          1.00          1.18         1.06         1.19          1.12         1.14          1.11
      Net earnings excluding specific items2                        318.4         308.4        338.4        334.9         329.5        337.2         324.5         314.7
          Net earnings margin excluding specific items              10.9%        10.1%        10.8%         11.0%        11.1%        10.8%         10.6%         10.6%
      Diluted EPS excluding specific items (in
      dollars)2                                                      1.22         1.18          1.26         1.23         1.21          1.22         1.17          1.12
      Liquidity1
      Cash provided by operating activities                         492.0         584.8        396.5        465.3         405.2        375.2         462.0         391.5
          As a % of revenue                                         16.8%        19.2%        12.7%         15.2%        13.7%        12.0%         15.1%         13.2%
      Days sales outstanding                                          47           48            51           49           50            52           49            54
      Capital structure1
      Net debt                                                     2,777.9      3,243.5       3,792.3      2,810.6      2,117.2       2,336.1      1,597.3       1,738.7
      Net debt to capitalization ratio                              23.6%        28.0%        34.8%         27.7%        22.9%        25.2%          17.4 %        19.1 %
      Return on equity                                              16.0%        17.3%        18.0%         18.0%        18.5%        18.1%          17.7 %        17.3 %
      Return on invested capital                                    12.1%        13.0%        13.9%         14.4%        15.1%        15.0%          14.9 %        14.5 %
      Balance sheet1
      Cash and cash equivalents, and short-term
      investments                                                  1,709.5      1,371.1        314.0        223.2         223.7        225.2         544.0         406.1
      Total assets                                                15,550.4 15,343.3 14,597.2 13,863.6 12,621.7 12,813.9                            12,709.4      12,872.5
      Long-term financial liabilities3                             4,030.6      4,363.5       3,889.1      2,766.3      2,236.0       2,421.3      2,007.3       2,070.9

      1
           As of the periods ending December 31, 2019, figures include the impact of the adoption of IFRS 16, while previous quarters are not restated as indicated in
           section 7.
      2
           Please refer to sections 3.7. and 3.8.3. of each quarter's respective MD&A for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures for the quarterly periods of
           2019. For Fiscal 2019, please refer to sections 5.6. and 5.6.1. of each fiscal year's MD&A.
      3
           Long-term financial liabilities include the long-term portion of the debt, long-term lease liabilities and the long-term derivative financial instruments.



      There are factors causing quarterly variances which may not be reflective of the Company’s future performance. There is
      seasonality in system integration and consulting work, and the quarterly performance of these operations is impacted by
      occurrences such as vacations and the number of statutory holidays in any given quarter. Managed IT and business process
      services contracts are affected to a lesser extent by seasonality. Also, the workflow from some clients may fluctuate from
      quarter to quarter based on their business cycle and the seasonality of their own operations. Further, the savings that we
      generate for a client on a given managed IT and business process services contract may temporarily reduce our revenue
      stream from this client, as these savings may not be immediately offset by additional work performed for this client.

      Cash flow from operating activities could vary significantly from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of monthly payments
      received from large clients, cash requirements associated with large acquisitions, managed IT and business process services



CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                                             Page     48

      48
      contracts and projects, the timing of the reimbursements for various tax credits as well as profit sharing payments to members
      and the timing of restructuring cost payments.

      Foreign exchange fluctuations can also contribute to quarterly variances as our percentage of operations in foreign countries
      evolves. The effect from these variances is primarily on our revenue and to a much lesser extent, on our margin as we benefit,
      as much as possible, from natural hedges.




                                                                                                     FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 49

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                      Page   49
     Management's Discussion and Analysis


7. 7. Changes
      Changesin
              inAccounting
                AccountingPolicies
                           Policies


      The audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2020 include all adjustments that CGI’s
      management considers necessary for the fair presentation of its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

      ADOPTION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

      The following standards have been adopted by the Company on October 1, 2019:

      IFRS 16 - Leases

      In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16, Leases, to set out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation
      and disclosure of leases for both parties to a lease agreement. The standard supersedes IAS 17, Leases, and other leases
      related interpretations, eliminates the lessee's classification of leases as either operating leases or finance leases and
      introduces a single lessee accounting model. Lessees recognize a right-of-use asset representing its control of, and right to
      use, the underlying asset and a lease liability representing its obligation to make future lease payments.The Company adopted
      IFRS 16 using the modified retrospective method, with no restatement of comparative figures. The Company applied the new
      standard to contracts that were classified as leases under IAS 17 at the date of initial application. The right-of-use assets were
      recognized as if IFRS 16 had been applied since the commencement date for real estate leases. For all other leases, the
      right-of-use assets were measured at an amount equal to the lease liability adjusted by the prepaid amount and the accrued
      lease payment related to the lease in the balance sheet as at September 30, 2019.

      The Company made use of the following practical expedients available on transition date: the definition of a lease, the use of
      hindsight in determining the lease term, the exclusion of initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use asset at
      the transition date, the usage of a single incremental borrowing rate for a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar
      characteristics and adjusting the right-of-use assets for any onerous lease provisions as an alternative to an impairment review.

      The adoption of IFRS 16 resulted in a material increase to the Company’s assets and liabilities through the recognition of
      right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. Please refer to note 3 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional
      information.

      Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 - Interest rate benchmark reform

      In September 2019, the IASB has amended some of its requirements to address the uncertainty arising from the planned
      phasing out of interest-rate benchmarks such as interbank offered rates (IBORs). The amendments provide temporary relief
      from applying specific hedge accounting requirements affected by the interest rate benchmark reform. The amendments
      impact IFRS 9 Financial instruments, IAS 39 Financial instruments: Recognition and measurement and IFRS 7 Financial
      instruments: Disclosures. The amendments come into effect for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020 but
      early adoption is permitted. The Company elected to early adopt the Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 - Interest
      rate benchmark reform as at October 1, 2019 and applied retrospectively the reform to hedging relationship that existed on
      the application date and to the amount accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve at that date.

      The Company has a debt expiring in December 2023 with a principal amount of US$500.0 million bearing interest based on
      the 1 month USD LIBOR rate. The debt has a carrying value of $666.3 million as at September 30, 2020. The Company has
      entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps with aggregate notional amounts of US$500.0 million maturing on the same
      date as the debt (the hedging instruments) on which it receives interest based on the same 1 month USD LIBOR rate. The
      cross-currency interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedge for the debt.

      During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company entered into the 2020 Term Loan for a total principal amount of US
      $1,250.0 million, please refer to note 32 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information. The 2020
      Term Loan expires in March 2022, bears interest based on the 1 month USD LIBOR rate and has a carrying value of $1,665.6
      million as at September 30, 2020.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page   50




     50
      For its hedges relationship, the Company assumes that the LIBOR interest rates used for the settlements on the debts and
      the swaps will continue to be available beyond the planned phase out date at the end of December 2021.



      FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGE

      The following standards have been issued but are not yet effective as of September 30, 2020.

      LIBOR reform with amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 29, IFRS 7 and IFRS 16

      In August 2020, the IASB issued Interest Rate Benchmark Reform-Phase 2, which amends IFRS 9 Financial Instruments,
      IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement, IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures and IFRS 16 Leases.
      The amendments complement those issued in 2019 and focus on the effects on financial statements when a company replaces
      the old interest rate benchmark with an alternative benchmark rate as a result of the reform. The standard will be effective on
      October 1, 2021 for the Company. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its financial statements.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                       Page   51



                                                                                                      FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 51
     Management's Discussion and Analysis


      8. Critical Accounting Estimates
8.    Critical Accounting Estimates

      The Company’s significant accounting policies are described in note 3 of the audited consolidated financial statements year
      ended September 30, 2020. Certain of these accounting policies, listed below, require management to make accounting
      estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and equity and the accompanying disclosures
      at the date of the audited consolidated financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
      the reporting period. These accounting estimates are considered critical because they require management to make subjective
      and/or complex judgements that are inherently uncertain and because they could have a material impact on the presentation
      of our financial condition, changes in financial condition or results of operations.

      The uncertainties around the COVID-19 pandemic required the use of judgements and estimates which resulted in no material
      impact, outside of restructuring costs, for the period ended September 30, 2020. The continued impact of COVID-19 could
      generate, in future reporting periods, a significant risk of material adjustments to the following items listed below.

                                               Consolidated
      Areas impacted by estimates                balance                                   Consolidated statements of earnings
                                                 sheets

                                                                                        Cost of            Amortization
                                                                                       services,                          Net finance   Income
                                                                     Revenue                                   and
                                                                                      selling and                           Costs        taxes
                                                                                                           depreciation
                                                                                     administrative

      Revenue recognition1                            ü                  ü                  ü
      Goodwill impairment                             ü                                                         ü
      Right-of-use assets                             ü                                                         ü             ü
      Business combinations                           ü                  ü                  ü                                             ü
      Income taxes                                    ü                                                                                   ü
      Litigation and claims                           ü                  ü                  ü
      1
           Affects the balance sheet through accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue.


      Revenue recognition

      Relative selling price

     If an arrangement involves the provision of multiple performance obligations, the total arrangement value is allocated to each
     performance obligations based on its relative stand-alone selling price. At least on a yearly basis, the Company reviews its
     best estimate of the stand-alone selling price which is established by using a reasonable range of prices for the various services
     and solutions offered by the Company based on local market information available. Information used in determining the range
     is mainly based on recent contracts signed and the economic environment. A change in the range could have a material impact
     on the allocation of total arrangement value, and therefore on the amount and timing of revenue recognition.

     System integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements

     Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements is recognized using the percentage-
     of-completion method over time, as the Company has no alternative use for the asset created and has an enforceable right
     to payment for performance completed to date. The Company primarily uses labour costs or labour hours to measure the
     progress towards completion. Project managers monitor and reevaluate project forecasts on a monthly basis. Forecasts are
     reviewed to consider factors such as: changes to the scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones and new complexities
     in the project delivery. Forecasts can also be affected by market risks such as the availability and retention of qualified IT
     professionals and/or the ability of the subcontractors to perform their obligation within agreed upon budget and timeframes.
     To the extent that actual labour hours or labour costs could vary from estimates, adjustments to revenue following the review
     of the costs to complete on projects are reflected in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision occur. Whenever



CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                                     Page   52




      52
     the total costs are forecasted to be higher than the total revenue, a provision for an onerous revenue-generating contract is
     recorded.

      Goodwill impairment

     The carrying value of goodwill is tested for impairment annually or if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
     carrying value may be impaired. In order to determine if a goodwill impairment test is required, management reviews different
     factors on a quarterly basis such as changes in technological or market environment, changes in assumptions used to derive
     the weighted average cost of capital and actual financial performance compared to planned performance.

     The recoverable amount of each segment has been determined based on its value in use calculation, which includes estimates
     about their future financial performance based on cash flows approved by management. However, factors such as our ability
     to continue developing and expanding services offered to address emerging business demands and technology trends, a
     lengthened sales cycle and our ability to hire and retain qualified IT professionals affect future cash flows, and actual results
     might differ from future cash flows used in the goodwill impairment test. Key assumptions used in goodwill impairment testing
     are presented in note 12 of the audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020.
     Historically, the Company has not recorded an impairment charge on goodwill.

      Right-of-use assets

      Estimates of the lease term

     The Company estimates the lease term in order to calculate the value of the lease liability at the initial date of the lease.
     Management uses judgement to determine the appropriate lease term based on the conditions of each lease. To determine
     the term, the Company considers all factors that create economic incentives to exercise an extension or a termination option.
     The extension or termination options are only included in the lease term if it is reasonably certain of being exercised.
     Management considers all facts that create incentive to exercise an extension option or not to take a termination option
     including leasehold improvements, significant modification of the underlying asset or a business decision.

      Discount Rate for leases

     The discount rate is used to determine the initial carrying amount of the lease liabilities and the right-of-use assets. The
     Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate for each lease or portfolio of leased assets, as most of the implicit interest
     rates in the leases are not readily determinable. To calculate the incremental borrowing rate, the Company considers its credit
     worthiness, the term of the arrangement, any collateral received and the economic environment. The incremental borrowing
     rates are subject to change mainly due to changes in the economic environment.

     A change in the assumptions used to determine the lease term could result in a significant impact on the right-of-use assets
     and the lease liabilities presented in the consolidated balance sheet as well as in the depreciation of the right-of-use assets
     and interest expense on lease liabilities.

      Business combinations

     Management makes assumptions when determining the acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible and intangible
     assets acquired and liabilities assumed which involve estimates, such as the forecasting of future cash flows, discount rates,
     and the useful lives of the assets acquired.

     Additionally, management's judgement is required in determining whether an intangible asset is identifiable and should be
     recorded separately from goodwill.

     Changes in the above assumptions, estimates and judgements could affect our acquisition-date fair values and therefore
     could have material impacts on our audited consolidated financial statements. These changes are recorded as part of the
     purchase price allocation and therefore result in corresponding goodwill adjustments if they occurred during the measurement
     period, which does not exceed one year. All other subsequent changes are recorded in our consolidated statement of earnings.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                        Page   53
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 53
     Management's Discussion and Analysis




     Income taxes

     Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
     that taxable profit will be available for their utilization. The Company considers the analysis of forecast and future tax planning
     strategies. Estimates of taxable profit are made based on the forecast by jurisdiction which are aligned with goodwill impairment
     testing assumptions, on an undiscounted basis. In addition, management considers factors such as substantively enacted tax
     rates, the history of the taxable profits and availability of tax strategies. Due to the uncertainty and the variability of the factors
     mentioned above, deferred tax assets are subject to change. Management reviews its assumptions on a quarterly basis and
     adjusts the deferred tax assets when appropriate.

     The Company is subject to income tax laws in numerous jurisdictions. Judgement is required in determining the worldwide
     provision for income taxes as the determination of tax liabilities and assets involves uncertainties in the interpretation of
     complex tax regulations and requires estimates and assumptions considering the existing facts and circumstances. The
     Company provides for potential tax liabilities based on the most likely amount of the possible outcomes. Estimates are reviewed
     each reporting period and updated, based on new information available, and could result in changes to the income tax liabilities
     and deferred tax liabilities in the period in which such determinations are made.

      Litigation and claims

     Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
     probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
     estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The accrued litigation and legal claim provisions are based on historical
     experience, current trends and other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates
     include the period in which the underlying cause of the claim occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome.
     Management reviews assumptions and facts surrounding outstanding litigation and claims on a quarterly basis, involves
     external counsel when necessary and adjusts the provision accordingly. The Company has to be compliant with applicable
     law in many jurisdictions which increases the complexity of determining the adequate provision following a litigation review.
     Since the outcome of such litigation and claims is not predictable with assurance, those provisions are subject to change.
     Adjustments to litigation and claims provisions are reflected in the period when the facts that give rise to an adjustment occur.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                             Page   54
      54
9.    Integrity of Disclosure
      9. Integrity of Disclosure


      The Board of Directors has the responsibility under its charter and under the securities laws that govern CGI’s continuous
      disclosure obligations to oversee CGI's compliance with its continuous and timely disclosure obligations, as well as the integrity
      of the Company's internal controls and management information systems. The Board of Directors carries out this responsibility
      mainly through its Audit and Risk Management Committee.

      The Audit and Risk Management Committee of CGI is composed entirely of independent directors who meet the independence
      and experience requirements of National Instrument 52-110 adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators as well as
      those of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The role and responsibilities
      of the Audit and Risk Management Committee include: (i) reviewing public disclosure documents containing audited or
      unaudited financial information concerning CGI; (ii) identifying and examining material financial and operating risks to which
      the Company is exposed, reviewing the various policies and practices of the Company that are intended to manage those
      risks, and reporting on a regular basis to the Board of Directors concerning risk management; (iii) reviewing and assessing
      the effectiveness of CGI’s accounting policies and practices concerning financial reporting; (iv) reviewing and monitoring CGI’s
      internal control procedures, programs and policies and assessing their adequacy and effectiveness; (v) reviewing the adequacy
      of CGI’s internal audit resources including the mandate and objectives of the internal auditor; (vi) recommending to the Board
      of Directors the appointment of the external auditor, assessing the external auditor’s independence, reviewing the terms of
      their engagement, conducting an annual auditor's performance assessment, and pursuing ongoing discussions with them;
      (vii) reviewing related party transactions in accordance with the rules of the NYSE and other applicable laws and regulations;
      (viii) reviewing the audit procedures including the proposed scope of the external auditor's examinations; and (ix) performing
      such other functions as are usually attributed to audit committees or as directed by the Board of Directors. In making its
      recommendation to the Board of Directors in relation to the annual appointment of the external auditor, the Audit and Risk
      Management Committee conducts an annual assessment of the external auditor's performance following the recommendations
      of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada. The formal assessment is concluded in advance of the Annual General
      Meeting of Shareholders and is conducted with the assistance of key CGI personnel.

      The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance
      that material information relating to the Company is made known to the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
      by others, particularly during the period in which annual and interim filings are prepared, and that information required to be
      disclosed by the Company in its annual fillings, interim filings or other reports filed or submitted by the Company under Canadian
      and U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under those laws
      and the related rules. As at September 30, 2020, management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation
      of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and
      procedures as defined under National Instrument 52-109 adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators and in Rule 13
      (a)-15(e) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer
      and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as at
      September 30, 2020.

      The Company has also established and maintains internal control over financial reporting, as defined under National Instrument
      52-109 and in Rule 13(a)-15(f) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company’s internal control
      over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
      Officer, and effected by management and other key CGI personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
      of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. However,
      because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely
      basis. Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
      Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2020, based
      on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
      Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, management, under the supervision of and




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page   55




                                                                                                        FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 55
     Management's Discussion and Analysis




      with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer as well as the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s internal
      control over financial reporting was effective as at September 30, 2020.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page   56
      56
10. 10.
    Risk Environment
        Risk Environment


      10.1. RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

      While we are confident about our long-term prospects, a number of risks and uncertainties could affect our ability to achieve
      our strategic vision and objectives for growth. The following risks and uncertainties should be considered when evaluating
      our potential as an investment.

      10.1.1. External Risks

      Economic and political risk

      Economic and political conditions in the markets in which we operate have a bearing upon the results of our operations, directly
      and through their effect on the level of business activity of our clients. We can neither predict the impact that current economic
      and political conditions will have on our future revenue, nor predict changes in economic conditions or future political uncertainty.
      The level of activity of our clients and potential clients may be affected by an economic downturn or political uncertainty. Clients
      may cancel, reduce or defer existing contracts and delay entering into new engagements and may decide to undertake fewer
      IT systems projects resulting in limited implementation of new technology and smaller engagements. Since there may be
      fewer engagements, competition may increase and pricing for services may decline as competitors may decrease rates to
      maintain or increase their market share in our industry and this may trigger pricing adjustments related to the benchmarking
      obligations within our contracts. Economic downturns and political uncertainty makes it more difficult to meet business
      objectives and may divert management’s attention and time from operating and growing our business. Our business, results
      of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected as a result of these factors.

      Other external risks

      Additional external risks that could adversely impact the markets in which we operate, our industry and our business include
      terrorism, armed conflict, labour or social unrest, criminal activity, regional and international hostilities and international
      responses to these hostilities, and disease, illness or health emergencies that affect local, national or international economies.
      Additionally, the potential impacts of climate change are unpredictable and natural disasters, sea-level rise, floods, droughts
      or other weather-related events present additional external risks. Climate change risks can arise from physical risks (risks
      related to the physical effects of climate change) and transition risks (risks related to regulatory, legal, technological and market
      changes from a transition to a low-carbon economy) which may affect us or affect the financial viability of our clients leading
      to a reduction of demand and loss of business from such clients. Each of these risks could negatively impact our business,
      results of operation and financial condition.

      Pandemic risks

      A pandemic, including the COVID-19 pandemic, can create significant volatility and uncertainty and economic disruption. A
      pandemic poses the risk that our members, clients, contractors and business partners may be prevented from conducting
      business activities for an indefinite period, including the transmission of the disease or due to emergency measures or
      restrictions that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in
      governments worldwide enacting emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus, including the implementation of
      travel bans, self-imposed quarantine periods and social distancing. Companies are also taking precautions, such as requiring
      employees to work remotely, imposing travel restrictions and temporarily closing businesses. These emergency measures
      and restrictions, and future measures and restrictions taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or other pandemics, have
      and may cause, material disruptions to businesses globally and are likely to have an adverse impact on global economic
      conditions and consumer confidence and spending, which could materially adversely affect our business. A pandemic, including
      the COVID-19 pandemic, may affect the financial viability of our clients, and could cause them to exit certain business lines,
      or change the terms on which they are willing to purchase services and solutions. Clients may also slow down decision-making,
      delay planned work, seek to terminate existing agreements, not renew existing agreements or be unable to pay us in accordance
      with the terms of existing agreements. As a result of increased remote working arrangements due to a pandemic, the exposure



CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                            Page   57




                                                                                                          FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 57
     Management's Discussion and Analysis




      to, and reliance on, networked systems and the internet can increase. This can lead to increased risk and frequency of
      cybersecurity incidents. Cybersecurity incidents can result from unintentional events or deliberate attacks by insiders or third
      parties, including cybercriminals, competitors, nation-states, and hacktivists. Any of these events could cause or contribute
      to risk and uncertainty and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

      As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, global equity and capital markets have experienced significant volatility and weakness.
      Governments and central banks have reacted with significant monetary and fiscal interventions designed to stabilize economic
      conditions. The duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic are unknown at this time, as is the efficacy of the government
      and central bank interventions. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our future business, including our
      operations and the market for our securities, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be
      predicted at this time, and include the duration, severity and scope of the outbreak and the actions taken to contain or treat
      the COVID-19 pandemic. It is not possible to reliably estimate the length and severity of these developments or the negative
      impact on our financial results, share price and financial condition in future periods. Many of the risks, uncertainties and other
      risk factors identified are, and will be, amplified by the COVID-19 pandemic.

      10.1.2. Risks Related to our Industry

      The competition for contracts

      CGI operates in a global marketplace in which competition among providers of IT services is vigorous. Some of our competitors
      possess greater financial, marketing and sales resources, and larger geographic scope in certain parts of the world than we
      do, which, in turn, provides them with additional leverage in the competition for contracts. In certain niche, regional or
      metropolitan markets, we face smaller competitors with specialized capabilities who may be able to provide competing services
      with greater economic efficiency. Some of our competitors have more significant operations than we do in lower cost countries
      that can serve as a platform from which to provide services worldwide on terms that may be more favourable. Increased
      competition among IT services firms often results in corresponding pressure on prices. There can be no assurance that we
      will succeed in providing competitively priced services at levels of service and quality that will enable us to maintain and grow
      our market share.

      We derive significant revenue from contracts awarded through competitive bidding processes, which limit the Company's
      ability to negotiate certain contractual terms and conditions. Risks related to competitive bidding processes also involve
      substantial cost and managerial time and effort spent by the Company to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may
      or may not be awarded to the Company, as well as expenses and delays that may arise if the Company's competitors protest
      or challenge awards made to the Company pursuant to competitive bidding processes.

      The availability and retention of qualified IT professionals

      There is strong demand for qualified individuals in the IT industry. Hiring and retaining a sufficient amount of individuals with
      the desired knowledge and skill set may be difficult. Therefore, it is important that we remain able to successfully attract and
      retain highly qualified professionals and establish an effective succession plan. If our comprehensive programs aimed at
      attracting and retaining qualified and dedicated professionals do not ensure that we have staff in sufficient numbers and with
      the appropriate training, expertise and suitable government security clearances required to serve the needs of our clients, we
      may have to rely on subcontractors or transfers of staff to fill resulting gaps. If our succession plan fails to identify those with
      potential or to develop these key individuals, we may be unable to replace key members who retire or leave the Company
      and may be required to recruit and/or train new employees. This might result in lost revenue or increased costs, thereby putting
      pressure on our net earnings.

      The ability to continue developing and expanding service offerings to address emerging business demands and technology
      trends

      The rapid pace of change in all aspects of IT and the continually declining costs of acquiring and maintaining IT infrastructure
      mean that we must anticipate changes in our clients’ needs. To do so, we must adapt our services and our solutions so that
      we maintain and improve our competitive advantage and remain able to provide cost effective services and solutions. The




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                           Page   58
      58
      markets in which we operate are extremely competitive and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in developing
      and adapting our business in a timely manner nor that we will be able to penetrate new markets successfully. If we do not
      keep pace, our ability to retain existing clients and gain new business may be adversely affected. This may result in pressure
      on our revenue, net earnings and resulting cash flow from operations.

      Infringing on the intellectual property rights of others

      Despite our efforts, the steps we take to ensure that our services and offerings do not infringe on the intellectual property
      rights of third parties may not be adequate to prevent infringement and, as a result, claims may be asserted against us or our
      clients. We enter into licensing agreements for the right to use intellectual property and may otherwise offer indemnities against
      liability and damages arising from third-party claims of patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret infringement in respect of
      our own intellectual property or software or other solutions developed for our clients. In some instances, the amount of these
      indemnity claims could be greater than the revenue we receive from the client (see guarantees risk). Intellectual property
      claims or litigation could be time-consuming and costly, harm our reputation, require us to enter into additional royalty or
      licensing arrangements, or prevent us from providing some solutions or services. Any limitation on our ability to sell or use
      solutions or services that incorporate software or technologies that are the subject of a claim could cause us to lose revenue-
      generating opportunities or require us to incur additional expenses to modify solutions for future projects.

      Protecting our intellectual property rights

      Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary methodologies, processes, know-how, tools, techniques
      and other intellectual property that we use to provide our services. Although CGI takes reasonable steps (e.g. available
      copyright protection and, in some cases, patent protection) to protect and enforce its intellectual property rights, there is no
      assurance that such measures will be enforceable or adequate. The cost of enforcing our rights can be substantial and, in
      certain cases, may prove to be uneconomic. In addition, the laws of some countries in which we conduct business may offer
      only limited intellectual property rights protection. Despite our efforts, the steps taken to protect our intellectual property may
      not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of intellectual property, and we may not be able
      to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property, or take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights.

      Benchmarking provisions within certain contracts

      Some of our managed IT and business process services contracts contain clauses allowing our clients to externally benchmark
      the pricing of agreed upon services against those offered by other providers in a peer comparison group. The uniqueness of
      the client environment should be factored in and, if results indicate a difference outside the agreed upon tolerance, we may
      be required to work with clients to reset the pricing for their services. There can be no assurance that benchmarks will produce
      accurate or reliable data, including pricing data. This may result in pressure on our revenue, net earnings and resulting cash
      flow from operations.


      10.1.3. Risks Related to our Business

      Risks associated with our growth strategy

      CGI’s Build and Buy strategy is founded on four pillars of growth: first, organic growth through smaller contract wins, renewals
      and extensions in the areas of managed IT and business process services and system integration; second, the pursuit of new
      large long-term managed IT and business process services contracts; third, acquisitions of smaller firms or niche players; and
      fourth, large transformational acquisitions.

      Our ability to achieve organic growth is affected by a number of factors outside of our control, including a lengthening of our
      sales cycle for major managed IT and business process services contracts.

      Our ability to grow through niche and transformational acquisitions requires that we identify suitable acquisition targets that
      we correctly evaluate their potential as transactions that will meet our financial and operational objectives, and that we
      successfully integrate them into our business. There can, however, be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page   59
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 59
     Management's Discussion and Analysis




      acquisition targets and consummate additional acquisitions that meet our economic thresholds, or that future acquisitions will
      be successfully integrated into our operations and yield the tangible accretive value that had been expected.

      If we are unable to implement our Build and Buy strategy, we will likely be unable to maintain our historic or expected growth
      rates.

      The variability of financial results

      Our ability to maintain and increase our revenue is affected not only by our success in implementing our Build and Buy strategy,
      but also by a number of other factors, which could cause the Company's financial results to fluctuate. These factors include:
      (i) our ability to introduce and deliver new services and business solutions; (ii) our potential exposure to a lengthened sales
      cycle; (iii) the cyclicality of the purchases of our technology services and solutions; (iv) the nature of our client’s business (for
      example, if a client encounters financial difficulty (including as a result of external risks such as climate change or a pandemic),
      it may be forced to cancel, reduce or defer existing contracts with us); and (v) the structure of our agreements with clients (for
      example, some of CGI's agreements with clients contain clauses allowing the clients to benchmark the pricing of services
      provided by CGI against the prices offered by other providers). These, and other factors, make it difficult to predict financial
      results for any given period.

      Business mix variations

      The proportion of revenue that we generate from shorter-term system integration and consulting projects (SI&C), versus
      revenue from long-term managed IT and business process services contracts, will fluctuate at times, affected by acquisitions
      or other transactions. An increased exposure to revenue from SI&C projects may result in greater quarterly revenue variations,
      as the revenue from SI&C projects does not provide long-term consistency in revenue.

      The financial and operational risks inherent in worldwide operations

      We manage operations in numerous countries around the world including offshore delivery centers. The scope of our operations
      (including our offshore delivery centers) subjects us to issues that can negatively impact our operations, including: currency
      fluctuations (see foreign exchange risk); the burden of complying with a wide variety of national and local laws (see regulatory
      risk); the differences in and uncertainties arising from local business culture and practices; and political, social and economic
      instability. Any or all of these risks could impact our global business operations and cause our profitability to decline.

      Organizational challenges associated with our size

      Our culture, standards, core values, internal controls and our policies need to be instilled across newly acquired businesses
      as well as maintained within our existing operations. To effectively communicate and manage these standards throughout a
      large global organization is both challenging and time consuming. Newly acquired businesses may be resistant to change
      and may remain attached to past methods, standards and practices which may compromise our business agility in pursuing
      opportunities. Cultural differences in various countries may also present barriers to introducing new ideas or aligning our vision
      and strategy with the rest of the organization. If we cannot overcome these obstacles in maintaining a strategic bond throughout
      the Company worldwide, we may not be able to achieve our growth and profitability objectives.

      Taxes and tax credit programs

      In estimating our income tax payable, management uses accounting principles to determine income tax positions that are
      likely to be sustained by applicable tax authorities. However, there is no assurance that our tax benefits or tax liability will not
      materially differ from our estimates or expectations. The tax legislation, regulation and interpretation that apply to our operations
      are continually changing. In addition, future tax benefits and liabilities are dependent on factors that are inherently uncertain
      and subject to change, including future earnings, future tax rates, and anticipated business mix in the various jurisdictions in
      which we operate. Moreover, our tax returns are continually subject to review by applicable tax authorities and we are subject
      to ongoing audits, investigations and tax proceedings in various jurisdictions. These tax authorities determine the actual
      amounts of taxes payable or receivable, of any future tax benefits or liabilities and of income tax expense that we may ultimately
      recognize. Tax authorities have disagreed and may in the future disagree with our income tax positions and are taking
      increasingly aggressive positions in respect of income tax positions, including with respect to intercompany transactions.



CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                            Page   60
      60
      Our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by challenges to intercompany transactions, changes in the
      value of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax law or in their interpretation or enforcement, changes in the mix of
      earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, the expiration of tax benefits and changes in accounting principles. Tax
      rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate may change as a result of shifting economic conditions and tax policies.

      A number of countries in which the Company does business have implemented, or are considering implementing, changes
      in relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations and the overall tax environment has made it
      increasingly challenging for multinational corporations to operate with certainty about taxation in many jurisdictions.

      Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our net income or cash flow by affecting our operations and
      profitability, our effective tax rate, the availability of tax credits, the cost of the services we provide, and the availability of
      deductions for operating losses.

      Benefits obtained from government sponsored programs

      We benefit from government sponsored programs designed to support research and development, labour and economic
      growth in jurisdictions where we operate. Government programs reflect government policy and depend on various political
      and economic factors. There can be no assurance that such government programs will continue to be available to the Company
      in the future, or will not be reduced, amended or eliminated. Any future government program reductions or eliminations or
      other amendments to the tax credit programs could increase operating or capital expenditures incurred by the Company and
      have a material adverse effect on its net earnings or cash flow.

      Credit risk with respect to accounts receivable and work in progress

      In order to sustain our cash flow from operations, we must invoice and collect the amounts owed to us in an efficient and
      timely manner. Although we maintain provisions to account for anticipated shortfalls in amounts collected from clients, the
      provisions we take are based on management estimates and on our assessment of our clients’ creditworthiness which may
      prove to be inadequate in the light of actual results. To the extent that we fail to perform our services in accordance with our
      contracts and our clients’ reasonable expectations, and to the extent that we fail to invoice clients and to collect the amounts
      owed to the Company for our services correctly in a timely manner, our collections could suffer, which could materially adversely
      affect our revenue, net earnings and cash flow. In addition, a prolonged economic downturn may cause clients to curtail or
      defer projects, impair their ability to pay for services already provided, and ultimately cause them to default on existing contracts,
      in each case, causing a shortfall in revenue and impairing our future prospects.

      Material developments regarding major commercial clients resulting from such causes as changes in financial condition,
      mergers or business acquisitions

      Consolidation among our clients resulting from mergers and acquisitions may result in loss or reduction of business when the
      successor business’ IT needs are served by another service provider or are provided by the successor company’s own
      personnel. Growth in a client’s IT needs resulting from acquisitions or operations may mean that we no longer have a sufficient
      geographic scope or the critical mass to serve the client’s needs efficiently, resulting in the loss of the client’s business and
      impairing our future prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the objectives of our growth strategy
      in order to maintain and increase our geographic scope and critical mass in our targeted markets.

      Early termination risk

      If we should fail to deliver our services according to contractual agreements, some of our clients could elect to terminate
      contracts before their agreed expiry date, which would result in a reduction of our earnings and cash flow and may impact the
      value of our backlog of orders. In addition, a number of our managed IT and business process services contractual agreements
      have termination for convenience and change of control clauses according to which a change in the client’s intentions or a
      change in control of CGI could lead to a termination of these agreements. Early contract termination can also result from the
      exercise of a legal right or when circumstances that are beyond our control or beyond the control of our client prevent the
      contract from continuing. In cases of early termination, we may not be able to recover capitalized contract costs and we may
      not be able to eliminate ongoing costs incurred to support the contract.




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                             Page   61
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 61
     Management's Discussion and Analysis




      Cost estimation risks

      In order to generate acceptable margins, our pricing for services is dependent on our ability to accurately estimate the costs
      and timing for completing projects or long-term managed IT and business process services contracts, which can be based
      on a client's bid specification, sometimes in advance of the final determination of the full scope and design of the contract. In
      addition, a significant portion of our project-oriented contracts are performed on a fixed-price basis. Billing for fixed-price
      engagements is carried out in accordance with the contract terms agreed upon with our client, and revenue is recognized
      based on the percentage of effort incurred to date in relation to the total estimated efforts to be incurred over the duration of
      the respective contract. These estimates reflect our best judgement regarding the efficiencies of our methodologies and
      professionals as we plan to apply them to the contracts in accordance with the CGI Client Partnership Management Framework
      (CPMF), a framework that contains high standards of contract management to be applied throughout the Company. If we fail
      to apply the CPMF correctly or if we are unsuccessful in accurately estimating the time or resources required to fulfill our
      obligations under a contract, or if unexpected factors, including those outside of our control, arise, there may be an impact on
      costs or the delivery schedule which could have a material adverse effect on our expected net earnings.

      Risks related to teaming agreements and subcontracts

      We derive revenue from contracts where we enter into teaming agreements with other providers. In some teaming agreements
      we are the prime contractor whereas in others we act as a subcontractor. In both cases, we rely on our relationships with other
      providers to generate business and we expect to continue to do so in the foreseeable future. Where we act as prime contractor,
      if we fail to maintain our relationships with other providers, we may have difficulty attracting suitable participants in our teaming
      agreements. Similarly, where we act as subcontractor, if our relationships are impaired, other providers might reduce the work
      they award to us, award that work to our competitors, or choose to offer the services directly to the client in order to compete
      with our business. In either case, if we fail to maintain our relationship with these providers or if our relationship with these
      providers is otherwise impaired, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely
      affected.

      Our partners’ ability to deliver on their commitments

      Increasingly large and complex contracts may require that we rely on third party subcontractors including software and hardware
      vendors to help us fulfill our commitments. Under such circumstances, our success depends on the ability of the third parties
      to perform their obligations within agreed upon budgets and timeframes. If our partners fail to deliver, our ability to complete
      the contract may be adversely affected, which could have an unfavourable impact on our profitability.

      Guarantees risk

      In the normal course of business, we enter into agreements that may provide for indemnification and guarantees to
      counterparties in transactions such as consulting and managed IT and business process services, business divestitures, lease
      agreements and financial obligations. These indemnification undertakings and guarantees may require us to compensate
      counterparties for costs and losses incurred as a result of various events, including breaches of representations and warranties,
      intellectual property right infringement, claims that may arise while providing services or as a result of litigation that may be
      suffered by counterparties.

      Risk related to human resources utilization rates

      In order to maintain our net earnings, it is important that we maintain the appropriate availability of professional resources in
      each of our geographies by having a high utilization rate while still being able to assign additional resources to new work.
      Maintaining an efficient utilization rate requires us to forecast our need for professional resources accurately and to manage
      recruitment activities, professional training programs, attrition rates and restructuring programs appropriately. To the extent
      that we fail to do so, or to the extent that laws and regulations restrict our ability to do so, our utilization rates may be reduced;
      thereby having an impact on our revenue and profitability. Conversely, we may find that we do not have sufficient resources
      to deploy against new business opportunities in which case our ability to grow our revenue would suffer.



CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                             Page   62




      62
      Client concentration risk

      We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the services we provide to various U.S. federal government departments
      and agencies. We expect that this will continue for the foreseeable future. There can be, however, no assurance that each
      such U.S. federal government department and agency will continue to utilize our services to the same extent, or at all in the
      future. In the event that a major U.S. federal government department or agency were to limit, reduce, or eliminate the business
      it awards to us, we might be unable to recover the lost revenue with work from other U.S. federal government departments
      or agencies or other clients, and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and
      adversely affected. Although IFRS considers a national government and its departments and agencies as a single client, our
      client base in the U.S. government economic sector is in fact diversified with contracts from many different departments and
      agencies.

      Government business risk

      Changes in government spending policies or budget priorities could directly affect our financial performance. Among the factors
      that could harm our government contracting business are: the curtailment of governments’ use of consulting and IT services
      firms; a significant decline in spending by governments in general, or by specific departments or agencies in particular; the
      adoption of new legislation and/or actions affecting companies that provide services to governments; delays in the payment
      of our invoices by government; and general economic and political conditions. These or other factors could cause government
      agencies and departments to reduce their purchases under contracts, to exercise their right to terminate contracts, to issue
      temporary stop work orders, or not to exercise options to renew contracts, any of which would cause us to lose future revenue.
      Government spending reductions or budget cutbacks at these departments or agencies could materially harm our continued
      performance under these contracts, or limit the awarding of additional contracts from these agencies.

      Regulatory risk

      Our global operations require us to be compliant with laws and regulations in many jurisdictions on matters such as: anti-
      corruption, trade restrictions, immigration, taxation, securities, antitrust, data privacy, labour relations, and the environment,
      amongst others. Complying with these diverse requirements worldwide is a challenge and consumes significant resources.
      The laws and regulations frequently change and some may impose conflicting requirements which may expose us to penalties
      for non-compliance and harm our reputation. Furthermore, in some jurisdictions, we may face the absence of effective laws
      and regulations to protect our intellectual property rights and there may be restrictions on the movement of cash and other
      assets, on the import and export of certain technologies, and on the repatriation of earnings. Any or all of these risks could
      impact our global business operations and cause our profitability to decline.

      Our business with the U.S. federal government departments and agencies also requires that we comply with complex laws
      and regulations relating to government contracts. These laws and regulations relate to the integrity of the procurement process,
      impose disclosure requirements, and address national security concerns, among other matters. For instance, we are routinely
      subject to audits by U.S. government departments and agencies with respect to compliance with these rules. If we fail to
      comply with these requirements we may incur penalties and sanctions, including contract termination, suspension of payments,
      suspension or debarment from doing business with the federal government, and fines.

      Legal claims made against our work

      We create, implement and maintain IT solutions that are often critical to the operations of our clients’ business. Our ability to
      complete large projects as expected could be adversely affected by unanticipated delays, renegotiations, and changing client
      requirements or project delays. Also, our solutions may suffer from defects that adversely affect their performance; they may
      not meet our clients’ requirements or may fail to perform in accordance with applicable service levels. Such problems could
      subject us to legal liability, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, and
      may negatively affect our professional reputation. While we typically use reasonable efforts to include provisions in our contracts
      which are designed to limit our exposure to legal claims relating to our services and the applications we develop, we may not




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page   63



                                                                                                         FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 63
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      always be able to include such provisions and, where we are successful, such provisions may not protect us adequately or
      may not be enforceable under some circumstances or under the laws of some jurisdictions.

      Data protection and infrastructure risks

      Our business often requires that our clients’ applications and information, which may include their proprietary information and
      personal information they manage, be processed and stored on our networks and systems, and in data centers that we
      manage. We also process and store proprietary information relating to our business, and personal information relating to our
      members. The Company is subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect information, such as the European
      Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), various laws and regulations in Canada, the U.S. and other countries
      in which the Company operates governing the protection of health or other personally identifiable information and data privacy.
      These laws and regulations are increasing in number and complexity and are being adopted and amended with greater
      frequency, which results in greater compliance risk and cost. The potential financial penalties for non-compliance with these
      laws and regulations have significantly increased with the adoption of the GDPR. The Company's Chief Data Protection Officer
      oversees the Company's compliance with the laws that protect the privacy of personal information. The Company faces risks
      inherent in protecting the security of such personal data which have grown in complexity, magnitude and frequency in recent
      years. Digital information and equipment are subject to loss, theft or destruction, and services that we provide may become
      temporarily unavailable as a result of those risks, or upon an equipment or system malfunction. The causes of such failures
      include human error in the course of normal operations (including from advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by our
      members), maintenance and upgrading activities, as well as hacking, vandalism (including denial of service attacks and
      computer viruses), theft, and unauthorized access, as well as power outages or surges, floods, fires, natural disasters and
      many other causes. The measures that we take to protect against all information infrastructure risks, including both physical
      and logical controls on access to premises and information may prove in some circumstances to be inadequate to prevent
      the improper disclosure, loss, theft, misappropriation of, unauthorized access to, or destruction of client information, or service
      interruptions. Such events may expose the Company to financial loss arising from the costs of remediation and those arising
      from litigation from our clients and third parties (including under the laws that protect the privacy of personal information),
      claims and damages, as well as expose the Company to government sanctions and damage to our brand and reputation.

      Security and cybersecurity risks

      In the current environment, the volume, velocity and creativity of security threats and cyber attacks continue to grow, this
      includes criminal hackers, hacktivists, state sponsored organizations, industrial espionage, employee misconduct, and human
      or technological error. As a worldwide IT and business consulting firm providing services to both the private and public sectors,
      we process and store increasingly large amounts of data for our clients, including proprietary information and personal
      information. Consequently, our business could be negatively impacted by physical and cyber threats, which could affect our
      future sales and financial position or increase our costs and expenses.

      An unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or member information, including cyber-attacks or other security
      breaches, could cause a loss of data, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal and state
      laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial
      condition and results of operations. These security risks to the Company include potential attacks not only of our own solutions,
      services and systems, but also those of our clients, contractors, business partners, vendors and other third parties. Any local
      issue in a Business Unit could have a global impact on the entire Company , thus visibility and timely escalation on potential
      issues are key.

      The Company’s Chief Security Officer is responsible for overseeing the security of the Company. We seek to detect and
      investigate all security incidents and to prevent their occurrence or recurrence, by: (i) developing and regularly reviewing
      policies and standards related to information security, data privacy, physical security and business continuity; (ii) monitoring
      the Company’s performance against these policies and standards; (iii) developing strategies intended to seek to mitigate the
      Company’s risks, including through security trainings for all employees to increase awareness of potential cyber threats; (iv)
      implementing security measures to ensure an appropriate level of control based on the nature of the information and the
      inherent risks attached thereto, including through access management, security monitoring and testing to mitigate and help




CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                          Page   64
      64
      detect and respond to attempts to gain unauthorized access to information systems and networks; and (v) working with the
      industry and governments against cyber threats. However, because of the evolving nature and sophistication of these security
      threats, there can be no assurance that our safeguards will detect or prevent the occurrence of material cyber breaches,
      intrusions or attacks.

      We are regularly the target of attempted cyber and other security threats and must continuously monitor and develop our
      information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access,
      misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. If security protection does not evolve at the
      same pace as threats, a growing gap on our level of protection will be created. Technology evolution and global trends like
      digital transformation, cloud and mobile computing amongst others are disrupting the security operating model, thus security
      should evolve to address new relevant security requirements and build new capabilities to address the changes. Increasing
      detection and automated response capabilities are key to improve visibility and contain any negative potential impact.
      Automating security processes and integrating with IT, business and security solutions could address shortage of technical
      security staff and avoid introducing human intervention and errors.

      Insider or employee cyber and security threats are increasingly a concern for all large companies, including ours. CGI is
      continuously working to install new, and upgrade its existing, information technology systems and provide member awareness
      training around phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to ensure that the Company is protected, to the greatest extent
      possible, against cyber risks and security breaches. While CGI selects third-party vendors carefully, it does not control their
      actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in
      communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, cyber-attacks and
      security breaches at a vendor could adversely affect the our ability to deliver solutions and services to our customers and
      otherwise conduct business. Furthermore, while our liability insurance policy covers cyber risks, there is no assurance that
      such insurance coverage will be sufficient in type or amount to cover the costs, damages, liabilities or losses that could result
      from security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches. As the cyber threat landscape evolves, the Company may
      find it necessary to make further significant investments to protect data and infrastructure. Occurrence of any of the
      aforementioned security threats could expose the Company, our clients or other third parties to potential liability, litigation, and
      regulatory action, as well as the loss of client confidence, loss of existing or potential clients, loss of sensitive government
      contracts, damage to brand and reputation, and other financial loss.

      Risk of harm to our reputation

      CGI’s reputation as a capable and trustworthy service provider and long-term business partner is key to our ability to compete
      effectively in the market for IT services. The nature of our operations exposes us to the potential loss, unauthorized access
      to, or destruction of our clients’ information, as well as temporary service interruptions. Depending on the nature of the
      information or services, such events may have a negative impact on how the Company is perceived in the marketplace. Under
      such circumstances, our ability to obtain new clients and retain existing clients could suffer with a resulting impact on our
      revenue and net earnings.

      Risks associated with the integration of new operations

      The successful integration of new operations arising from our acquisition strategy or from large managed IT and business
      process services contracts requires that a substantial amount of management time and attention be focused on integration
      tasks. Management time that is devoted to integration activities may detract from management’s normal operations focus with
      resulting pressure on the revenues and earnings from our existing operations. In addition, we may face complex and potentially
      time-consuming challenges in implementing uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies across new operations when
      harmonizing their activities with those of our existing business units. Integration activities can result in unanticipated operational
      problems, expenses and liabilities. If we are not successful in executing our integration strategies in a timely and cost-effective
      manner, we will have difficulty achieving our growth and profitability objectives.

      Internal controls risks

      Due to the inherent limitations of internal controls including the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, there can only
      be reasonable assurance that the Company’s internal controls will detect and prevent a misstatement. If the Company is


CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                             Page   65
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 65
     Management's Discussion and Analysis




      unable to design, implement, monitor and maintain effective internal controls throughout its different business environments,
      the efficiency of our operations might suffer, resulting in a decline in revenue and profitability, and the accuracy of our financial
      reporting could be impaired.

      Liquidity and funding risks

      The Company’s future growth is contingent on the execution of its business strategy, which, in turn, is dependent on its ability
      to grow the business organically as well as through business acquisitions. In the event we would need to raise additional funds
      through equity or debt financing to fund any currently unidentified or unplanned future acquisitions and other growth
      opportunities, there can be no assurance that such financing will be available in amounts and on terms acceptable to us. Our
      ability to raise the required funding depends on the capacity of the capital markets to meet our equity and/or debt financing
      needs in a timely fashion and on the basis of interest rates and/or share prices that are reasonable in the context of our
      commercial objectives. Increasing interest rates, volatility in our share price, and the capacity of our current lenders to meet
      our additional liquidity requirements are all factors that may have a material adverse effect on any acquisitions or growth
      activities that we may, in the future, identify or plan. If we are unable to obtain the necessary funding, we may be unable to
      achieve our growth objectives.

      Foreign exchange risk

      The majority of our revenue and costs are denominated in currencies other than the Canadian dollar. Foreign exchange
      fluctuations impact the results of our operations as they are reported in Canadian dollars. This risk is partially mitigated by a
      natural hedge in matching our costs with revenue denominated in the same currency and through the use of derivatives in
      our global hedging strategy. However, as we continue our global expansion, natural hedges may begin to diminish and the
      use of hedging contracts exposes us to the risk that financial institutions could fail to perform their obligations under our
      hedging instruments. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our hedging strategy and arrangements will offset the
      impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could materially adversely affect our business revenues, results of
      operations, financial condition or prospects. Other than the use of financial products to deliver on our hedging strategy, we
      do not trade derivative financial instruments.

      Our functional and reporting currency is the Canadian dollar. As such, our U.S., European and Asian investments, operations
      and assets are exposed to net change in currency exchange rates. Volatility in exchange rates could have an adverse effect
      on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

      10.2. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

      The Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of its business.
      Certain of these matters seek damages in significant amounts. Although the outcome of such matters is not predictable with
      assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the disposition of any such current matter could reasonably be expected
      to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or the ability to carry on any of its
      business activities.



     Transfer Agent
     Computershare Investor Services Inc.
     (800) 564-6253

     Investor Relations
     Maher Yaghi
     Vice-President, Investor Relations
     Telephone: (514) 415-3651
     maher.yaghi@cgi.com

     1350 René-Lévesque Boulevard West
     25th Floor
     Montréal, Quebec
     H3G 1T4
     Canada

CGI Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2020                                            Page   66
      66
Management’s and Auditors’ Reports

MANAGEMENT’S STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING
The management of CGI Inc. (the Company) is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial statements
and the Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and necessarily
include some amounts that are based on management’s best estimates and judgement. Financial and operating data elsewhere
in the MD&A are consistent with that contained in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
To fulfill its responsibility, management has developed, and continues to maintain, systems of internal controls reinforced by the
Company’s standards of conduct and ethics, as set out in written policies to ensure the reliability of the financial information and
to safeguard its assets. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting and consolidated financial statements are subject
to audit by an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose report follows.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm appointed by our shareholders upon the
recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors, has performed an independent audit
of the consolidated balance sheets as at September 30, 2020 and 2019 and the related consolidated statements of earnings,
comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 and the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2020.
Members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors, all of whom are independent of the Company,
meet regularly with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and with management to discuss internal controls in the financial reporting
process, auditing matters and financial reporting issues and formulate the appropriate recommendations to the Board of Directors.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has full and unrestricted access to the Audit and Risk Management Committee. The consolidated
financial statements and MD&A have been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.




George D. Schindler                           François Boulanger
President and Chief Executive Officer         Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
November 10, 2020




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                      1
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 67
Consolidated financial statements


Management’s and Auditors’ Reports

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed, under the supervision of and with the participation
of the President and Chief Executive Officer as well as the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial
statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:

     - Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions
     of the assets of the Company;

     - Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial
     statements in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in
     accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and,

     - Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of
     the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
All internal control systems have inherent limitations; therefore, even where internal control over financial reporting is determined
to be effective, it can provide only reasonable assurance. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer as well as the
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has
determined the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2020 was effective.
The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2020 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.




George D. Schindler                           François Boulanger
President and Chief Executive Officer         Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
November 10, 2020




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                       2
68
Management’s and Auditors’ Reports

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Inc.

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CGI Inc. and its subsidiaries (together, the Company) as of
September 30, 2020 and 2019, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity
and cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the ''consolidated financial
statements''). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2020, based on
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of September 30, 2020 and 2019, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended
in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Also
in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September
30, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Change in Accounting Principle

As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases
on October 1, 2019.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the
accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on
the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control
over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                          3
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 69
Consolidated financial statements


Management’s and Auditors’ Reports

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (continued)

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting (continued)

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board
of Directors and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements; and (ii)
involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical
audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Revenue Recognition - Estimates of total expected labour costs or total expected labour hours for systems integration and
consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements

As described in Notes 3 and 29 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue for systems integration
and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements using the percentage-of-completion method over time. For the year ended
on September 30, 2020, revenue from systems integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements makes up a
portion of the revenue from systems integration and consulting services. The selection of the measure of progress towards
completion requires management judgment and is based on the nature of the services to be provided. As disclosed by management,
the Company relies on estimates of total expected labour costs or total expected labour hours to complete the service, which are
compared to labour costs or labour hours incurred to date, to arrive at an estimate of the percentage of revenue earned to date.
Management regularly reviews underlying estimates of total expected labour costs or total expected hours. Management has
disclosed that there are many factors that can affect the estimates of total expected labour costs or total expected labour hours,
including, but not limited to, changes to the scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones and new complexities in the
project delivery.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to Revenue Recognition - Estimates of
total expected labour costs or total expected labour hours for systems integration and consulting services under fixed-fee
arrangements is a critical audit matter are (i) there was significant judgment by management when developing the estimates of
total expected labour costs or total expected labour hours; and (ii) there were significant auditor judgment and effort in performing
procedures to evaluate the estimates of total expected labour costs or total expected labour hours, including the assessment of
management’s judgment about the Company’s ability to properly assess the factors that can affect the significant assumptions
related to the estimates of total expected labour costs or total expected labour hours to complete.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the
revenue recognition process, including controls over the determination of estimates of total expected labour costs or total expected
labour hours. The procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management’s process, on a sample basis,
for determining the estimates of total expected labour costs or total expected labour hours which included evaluating the
reasonableness of significant assumptions, including the total expected labour costs or total expected labour hours to complete,
used by management by (i) testing total labour costs or total labour hours incurred to supporting evidence; (ii) performing a
comparison of the sum of total labour costs or labour hours incurred and the total expected labour costs or total expected labour
hours to complete to the originally estimated costs or hours; and; (iii) evaluating the process of the timely identification of factors
that can affect the total expected labour costs or total expected hours, including but not limited to, changes to the scope of the
contracts, delays in reaching milestones and new complexities in the project delivery.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP1
Montréal, Québec, Canada
November 10, 2020

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2019.


1. FCPA auditor, FCA, public accountancy permit No. A115888



CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                         4
70
Consolidated
 ConsolidatedStatements
              StatementsofofEarnings
                             Earnings
For For
     the the
         years
             years
               ended
                   ended
                      September
                         September
                                 30 30
(in (in
    thousands
        thousands
               of of
                  Canadian
                     Canadian
                           dollars,
                               dollars,
                                    except
                                        except
                                           per per
                                               share
                                                   share
                                                     data)
                                                         data)


                                                                                        Notes
                                                                                            Notes         20202020             20192019
                                                                                                              $   $               $    $
     Revenue
        Revenue                                                                          29 29      12,164,115
                                                                                                        12,164,115       12,111,236
                                                                                                                             12,111,236
     Operating
        Operating
                expenses
                    expenses
      Costs
          Costs
             of of
                services,
                    services,
                          selling
                               selling
                                   and and
                                        administrative
                                           administrative                                23 23      10,302,068
                                                                                                        10,302,068       10,284,007
                                                                                                                             10,284,007
      Acquisition-related
          Acquisition-related
                            and and
                                integration
                                     integration
                                             costs
                                                 costs                                   27c 27c        76,794
                                                                                                             76,794          77,417
                                                                                                                                 77,417
      Restructuring
          Restructuring
                     costscosts                                                          25 25         155,411
                                                                                                           155,411                — —
      Net Net
          finance
               finance
                   costs
                       costs                                                             26 26         114,474
                                                                                                           114,474           70,630
                                                                                                                                 70,630
      Foreign
          Foreign
               exchange
                   exchange(gain)
                               (gain)
                                  lossloss                                                                 (899)
                                                                                                               (899)          2,234
                                                                                                                                  2,234
                                                                                                    10,647,848
                                                                                                        10,647,848       10,434,288
                                                                                                                             10,434,288
     Earnings
         Earnings
               before
                   before
                      income
                          income
                              taxes
                                  taxes                                                              1,516,267
                                                                                                         1,516,267        1,676,948
                                                                                                                              1,676,948
     Income
         Income
             tax tax
                 expense
                     expense                                                             16 16         398,405
                                                                                                           398,405          413,741
                                                                                                                                413,741
     Net Net
          earnings
             earnings                                                                                1,117,862
                                                                                                         1,117,862        1,263,207
                                                                                                                              1,263,207
     Earnings
         Earnings
                per per
                    share
                        share
     Basic
        Basic
           earnings
               earnings
                    per per
                        share
                            share                                                        21 21            4.274.27             4.634.63
     Diluted
         Diluted
             earnings
                 earnings
                      per per
                          share
                              share                                                      21 21            4.204.20             4.554.55

    See See
        Notes
            Notes
              to the
                   to the
                     Consolidated
                          Consolidated
                                  Financial
                                       Financial
                                            Statements.
                                                 Statements.




CGI Inc.
    CGI –Inc. –
           Consolidated
                Consolidated
                        Financial
                             Financial
                                  Statements
                                       Statements
                                             for the
                                                  for the
                                                     yearsyears
                                                           endedended
                                                                  September
                                                                      September
                                                                            30, 30,
                                                                               20202020
                                                                                    and and
                                                                                        20192019                                   5   5
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 71
Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                      2020         2019
                                                                                                         $            $
 Net earnings                                                                                    1,117,862    1,263,207
 Items that will be reclassified subsequently to net earnings (net of income taxes):
      Net unrealized gains (losses) on translating financial statements of foreign operations     406,445      (162,657)
      Net gains on cross-currency swaps and on translating long-term debt designated as hedges
       of net investments in foreign operations                                                     8,914       53,024
     Deferred gains (costs) of hedging on cross-currency swaps                                      18,144      (4,091)
     Net unrealized (losses) gains on cash flow hedges                                             (30,091)     50,943
     Net unrealized gains on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income       2,854       4,102
 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings (net of income taxes):
     Net remeasurement (losses) gains on defined benefit plans                                    (37,250)       33,777
 Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                369,016       (24,902)
 Comprehensive income                                                                            1,486,878    1,238,305


See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                          6
72
Consolidated
  Consolidated
   Consolidated
             Balance
               Balance
                Balance
                     Sheets
                       Sheets
                        Sheets
As atAsAs
      September
         at at
            September
               September
                   30    3030
(in (in
   thousands
        (in
         thousands
            thousands
                of Canadian
                     of of
                        Canadian
                           Canadian
                             dollars)
                                  dollars)
                                      dollars)


                                                                                                    Notes Notes
                                                                                                             Notes             2020 2020
                                                                                                                                       2020               2019 2019
                                                                                                                                                                  2019
                                                                                                                                  $     $ $                  $     $ $
 AssetsAssets
            Assets
 CurrentCurrent
          assets
            Current assets
                        assets
      Cash and
             Cash Cash
                   cash
                     andand
                          equivalents
                            cash cash
                                    equivalents
                                       equivalents                                               28e and
                                                                                                       28e
                                                                                                         3228e
                                                                                                            andand
                                                                                                                32 32    1,707,985
                                                                                                                               1,707,985
                                                                                                                                  1,707,985         213,831
                                                                                                                                                          213,831
                                                                                                                                                             213,831
      Accounts
             Accounts
                  Accounts
                  receivable
                           receivable
                                receivable                                                        4 and 32
                                                                                                         4 and
                                                                                                            4 and
                                                                                                               32 32     1,219,302
                                                                                                                               1,219,302
                                                                                                                                  1,219,302       1,357,090
                                                                                                                                                        1,357,090
                                                                                                                                                           1,357,090
      Work inWork
                progress
                  Work
                     in in
                         progress
                              progress                                                                                   1,075,252
                                                                                                                               1,075,252
                                                                                                                                  1,075,252       1,096,031
                                                                                                                                                        1,096,031
                                                                                                                                                           1,096,031
     CurrentCurrent
               financial
                 Currentfinancial
                            assets
                             financial
                                     assets
                                         assets                                                      32      32 32          18,50018,500
                                                                                                                                     18,500          39,93139,931
                                                                                                                                                              39,931
      PrepaidPrepaid
                expenses
                  Prepaidexpenses
                              expenses
                               and   other
                                       andand
                                           current
                                            other
                                                other
                                                   current
                                                    assets
                                                       current
                                                            assets
                                                                assets                                                     160,406
                                                                                                                                 160,406
                                                                                                                                    160,406         172,182
                                                                                                                                                          172,182
                                                                                                                                                             172,182
     IncomeIncome
              taxes
                 Income taxestaxes                                                                                          29,36329,363
                                                                                                                                     29,363          10,20610,206
                                                                                                                                                              10,206
 Total Total
       current
            Total
                current
                  assets
                    currentassets
                            before
                                assets
                                     before
                                     funds
                                         before
                                            held
                                             fundsfor
                                                funds
                                                    held  for for
                                                      clients
                                                        held      clients
                                                              clients                                                    4,210,8084,210,808
                                                                                                                               4,210,808          2,889,271
                                                                                                                                                        2,889,271
                                                                                                                                                           2,889,271
      Funds held
             FundsFunds
                     forheld
                          clients
                            held
                               for for
                                   clients
                                       clients                                                       5       5 5           725,178
                                                                                                                                 725,178
                                                                                                                                    725,178         368,112
                                                                                                                                                          368,112
                                                                                                                                                             368,112
 Total Total
       current
            Total
                current
                  assets
                    currentassets
                                assets                                                                                   4,935,986
                                                                                                                               4,935,986
                                                                                                                                  4,935,986       3,257,383
                                                                                                                                                        3,257,383
                                                                                                                                                           3,257,383
 Property,
        Property,
            plant
            Property,
                    and
                      plant
                          plant
                           equipment
                              and and
                                    equipment
                                        equipment                                                    6       6 6           372,946
                                                                                                                                 372,946
                                                                                                                                    372,946         397,661
                                                                                                                                                          397,661
                                                                                                                                                             397,661
 Right-of-use
        Right-of-use
            Right-of-use
                 assetsassets   assets                                                             3 and 73 and
                                                                                                             3 7
                                                                                                               and 7       666,865
                                                                                                                                 666,865
                                                                                                                                    666,865              —     — —
 Contract
        Contract
           costs
            Contract costscosts                                                                      8       8 8           239,376
                                                                                                                                 239,376
                                                                                                                                    239,376         222,965
                                                                                                                                                          222,965
                                                                                                                                                             222,965
 Intangible
        Intangible
            Intangible
             assets    assets
                            assets                                                                   9       9 9           521,462
                                                                                                                                 521,462
                                                                                                                                    521,462         517,982
                                                                                                                                                          517,982
                                                                                                                                                             517,982
 Other Other
        long-term
            Otherlong-term
                     long-term
                      assets    assets
                                    assets                                                           10      10 10         163,739
                                                                                                                                 163,739
                                                                                                                                    163,739         180,480
                                                                                                                                                          180,480
                                                                                                                                                             180,480
 Long-term
        Long-term
            Long-term
              financialfinancial
                           assets
                            financial
                                    assets
                                        assets                                                       11      11 11         156,569
                                                                                                                                 156,569
                                                                                                                                    156,569         176,899
                                                                                                                                                          176,899
                                                                                                                                                             176,899
 Deferred
        Deferred
           tax
            Deferred
                  assets
                     tax tax
                           assets
                                assets                                                               16      16 16         113,484
                                                                                                                                 113,484
                                                                                                                                    113,484         100,539
                                                                                                                                                          100,539
                                                                                                                                                             100,539
 Goodwill
        Goodwill
            Goodwill                                                                                 12      12 12       8,379,931
                                                                                                                               8,379,931
                                                                                                                                  8,379,931       7,767,837
                                                                                                                                                        7,767,837
                                                                                                                                                           7,767,837
                                                                                                                        15,550,358
                                                                                                                              15,550,358
                                                                                                                                 15,550,358      12,621,746
                                                                                                                                                       12,621,746
                                                                                                                                                          12,621,746

 Liabilities
        Liabilities
            Liabilities
 CurrentCurrent
          liabilities
            Currentliabilities
                         liabilities
    Accounts Accounts
                 Accounts
                  payable    payable
                                 and
                                   payable
                                        accrued
                                            and  and
                                                  accrued
                                                     liabilities
                                                       accruedliabilities
                                                                  liabilities                                              1,025,963
                                                                                                                                 1,025,963
                                                                                                                                    1,025,963         1,108,895
                                                                                                                                                            1,108,895
                                                                                                                                                               1,108,895
    Accrued  Accrued
                compensation
                 Accrued   compensation
                                 compensation                                                                                672,775
                                                                                                                                   672,775
                                                                                                                                      672,775           642,897
                                                                                                                                                              642,897
                                                                                                                                                                 642,897
    CurrentCurrent
               derivative
                 Current  derivative
                               derivative
                                financial  financial
                                               instruments
                                                financial
                                                        instruments
                                                             instruments                             32      32 32             8,328 8,328
                                                                                                                                        8,328             4,902 4,902
                                                                                                                                                                   4,902
    Deferred Deferred
                 revenue
                 Deferred   revenue
                                  revenue                                                                                    426,393
                                                                                                                                   426,393
                                                                                                                                      426,393           397,370
                                                                                                                                                              397,370
                                                                                                                                                                 397,370
    IncomeIncome
               taxes
                 Income  taxes taxes                                                                                         136,928
                                                                                                                                   136,928
                                                                                                                                      136,928           176,243
                                                                                                                                                              176,243
                                                                                                                                                                 176,243
    Provisions
             Provisions
                 Provisions                                                                          13      13 13           175,632
                                                                                                                                   175,632
                                                                                                                                      175,632            73,50973,509
                                                                                                                                                                  73,509
    CurrentCurrent
               portion
                 Current  portion
                            of portion
                                long-term
                                       of of
                                           long-term
                                                long-term
                                                 debt     debtdebt                                   14      14 14           310,764
                                                                                                                                   310,764
                                                                                                                                      310,764           113,511
                                                                                                                                                              113,511
                                                                                                                                                                 113,511
    CurrentCurrent
               portion
                 Current  portion
                            of portion
                                lease  of of
                                          liabilities
                                           leaselease
                                                   liabilities
                                                        liabilities                                  3       3 3             178,720
                                                                                                                                   178,720
                                                                                                                                      178,720                —     — —
 Total Total
      current
            Total
               current
                 liabilities
                    current liabilities
                                 before
                                  liabilities
                                            before
                                             clients’
                                                 before
                                                      clients’
                                                       funds
                                                          clients’   funds  obligations
                                                                        obligations
                                                                obligations
                                                                funds                                                      2,935,5032,935,503
                                                                                                                                 2,935,503            2,517,327
                                                                                                                                                            2,517,327
                                                                                                                                                               2,517,327
    Clients’Clients’
               funds
                 Clients’obligations
                         funds fundsobligations
                                         obligations                                                                         720,322
                                                                                                                                   720,322
                                                                                                                                      720,322           366,796
                                                                                                                                                              366,796
                                                                                                                                                                 366,796
 Total Total
      current
            Total
               current
                 liabilities
                    current liabilities
                                  liabilities                                                                              3,655,825
                                                                                                                                 3,655,825
                                                                                                                                    3,655,825         2,884,123
                                                                                                                                                            2,884,123
                                                                                                                                                               2,884,123
 Long-term
        Long-term
            Long-term
              income    income
                           taxes
                              income  taxes taxes                                                                              6,720 6,720
                                                                                                                                        6,720             7,690 7,690
                                                                                                                                                                   7,690
 Long-term
        Long-term
            Long-term
              provisionsprovisions
                              provisions                                                             13      13 13            23,88823,888
                                                                                                                                       23,888            24,94624,946
                                                                                                                                                                  24,946
 Long-term
        Long-term
            Long-term
              debt      debt  debt                                                                   14      14 14         3,276,331
                                                                                                                                 3,276,331
                                                                                                                                    3,276,331         2,217,696
                                                                                                                                                            2,217,696
                                                                                                                                                               2,217,696
 Long-term
        Long-term
            Long-term
              lease    liabilities
                        lease leaseliabilities
                                        liabilities                                                  3       3 3             697,650
                                                                                                                                   697,650
                                                                                                                                      697,650                —     — —
 Other Other
        long-term
            Other
                long-term
                     long-term
                      liabilities liabilities
                                       liabilities                                                   15      15 15           185,374
                                                                                                                                   185,374
                                                                                                                                      185,374           213,392
                                                                                                                                                              213,392
                                                                                                                                                                 213,392
 Long-term
        Long-term
            Long-term
              derivativederivative
                              derivative
                               financial  financial
                                              instruments
                                               financial
                                                       instruments
                                                           instruments                               32      32 32            56,62256,622
                                                                                                                                       56,622            18,32218,322
                                                                                                                                                                  18,322
 Deferred
        Deferred
            tax
            Deferred
                 liabilities
                     tax taxliabilities
                                  liabilities                                                        16      16 16           158,341
                                                                                                                                   158,341
                                                                                                                                      158,341           178,265
                                                                                                                                                              178,265
                                                                                                                                                                 178,265
 Retirement
        Retirement
            Retirement
               benefits   benefits
                             obligations
                               benefits obligations
                                              obligations                                            17      17 17           225,447
                                                                                                                                   225,447
                                                                                                                                      225,447           193,209
                                                                                                                                                              193,209
                                                                                                                                                                 193,209
                                                                                                                           8,286,198
                                                                                                                                 8,286,198
                                                                                                                                    8,286,198         5,737,643
                                                                                                                                                            5,737,643
                                                                                                                                                               5,737,643
 EquityEquity
           Equity
 Retained
       Retained
           earnings
           Retainedearnings
                      earnings                                                                                           4,703,642
                                                                                                                               4,703,642
                                                                                                                                  4,703,642       4,557,855
                                                                                                                                                        4,557,855
                                                                                                                                                           4,557,855
 Accumulated
       Accumulated
           Accumulated
                other other
                      comprehensive
                          other
                             comprehensive
                                comprehensive
                                     incomeincome
                                              income                                                 18      18 18         545,710
                                                                                                                                 545,710
                                                                                                                                    545,710         176,694
                                                                                                                                                          176,694
                                                                                                                                                             176,694
 CapitalCapital
         stock
           Capital
                stock
                    stock                                                                            19      19 19       1,761,873
                                                                                                                               1,761,873
                                                                                                                                  1,761,873       1,903,977
                                                                                                                                                        1,903,977
                                                                                                                                                           1,903,977
 Contributed
       Contributed
           Contributed
             surplussurplus
                         surplus                                                                                           252,935
                                                                                                                                 252,935
                                                                                                                                    252,935         245,577
                                                                                                                                                          245,577
                                                                                                                                                             245,577
                                                                                                                         7,264,160
                                                                                                                               7,264,160
                                                                                                                                  7,264,160       6,884,103
                                                                                                                                                        6,884,103
                                                                                                                                                           6,884,103
                                                                                                                        15,550,358
                                                                                                                              15,550,358
                                                                                                                                 15,550,358      12,621,746
                                                                                                                                                       12,621,746
                                                                                                                                                          12,621,746

     SeeSee
See Notes     Notes
          Notes
          to the     to the Consolidated
                 Consolidated
                 to the  Consolidated
                                Financial Financial
                                      Financial     Statements.
                                          Statements.
                                                Statements.




     Approved
       Approved
Approved by theby by
                Board
                  thethe
                      Board
                       ofBoard  of
                          Directors
                             of    Directors
                                Directors                                                   George D.
                                                                                                 George
                                                                                                    George
                                                                                                      Schindler
                                                                                                         D. Schindler
                                                                                                            D. Schindler          Serge Serge
                                                                                                                                        Godin
                                                                                                                                           Serge
                                                                                                                                              Godin
                                                                                                                                                 Godin
                                                                                            Director Director
                                                                                                  Director                        Director Director
                                                                                                                                        Director




CGI Inc.
      CGI–CGI
           Consolidated
           Inc. –
              Inc.Consolidated
                   – Consolidated
                         Financial
                               Financial
                                   Statements
                                   Financial
                                         Statements
                                             Statements
                                               for thefor
                                                       years
                                                          for ended
                                                          the the
                                                               years
                                                                  years
                                                                     ended
                                                                     September
                                                                        ended
                                                                           September
                                                                              September
                                                                               30, 2020
                                                                                     30, 30,
                                                                                        and
                                                                                         20202020
                                                                                             2019
                                                                                               andand
                                                                                                   2019
                                                                                                      2019                                                    7     7 7
                                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 73
Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                                                                              Accumulated
                                                                                                    other
                                                                                   Retained comprehensive         Capital   Contributed       Total
                                                                       Notes       earnings       income           stock       surplus       equity
                                                                                           $               $            $             $           $

Balance as at September 30, 2019                                                 4,557,855          176,694    1,903,977       245,577    6,884,103
Adoption of IFRS 16                                                       3        (93,873)              —            —             —       (93,873)
Balance as at October 1, 2019                                                    4,463,982          176,694    1,903,977       245,577    6,790,230
Net earnings                                                                     1,117,862               —            —             —     1,117,862
Other comprehensive income                                                                —         369,016           —             —      369,016
Comprehensive income                                                             1,117,862          369,016           —             —     1,486,878
Share-based payment costs                                                               —                —            —         37,358       37,358
Income tax impact associated with stock options                                         —                —            —         (8,653)      (8,653)
Exercise of stock options                                                19              —                —       69,420       (12,269)   57,151
Exercise of performance share units                                      19              —                —        9,078        (9,078)       —
Purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares           19        (878,202)              —     (165,315)           — (1,043,517)
Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts             19               —               —      (55,287)           —       (55,287)
Balance as at September 30, 2020                                                 4,703,642          545,710    1,761,873       252,935    7,264,160




                                                                                                 Accumulated
                                                                                                       other
                                                                                    Retained   comprehensive      Capital   Contributed        Total
                                                                       Notes        earnings         income        stock       surplus        equity
                                                                                           $              $            $             $            $

Balance as at September 30, 2018                                                 4,251,424          201,596    2,018,592      213,195     6,684,807
 Net earnings                                                                    1,263,207               —            —             —     1,263,207
 Other comprehensive loss                                                               —           (24,902)          —             —       (24,902)
 Comprehensive income (loss)                                                     1,263,207          (24,902)          —             —     1,238,305
 Share-based payment costs                                                              —                —            —         39,440       39,440
 Income tax impact associated with stock options                                        —                —            —         14,663       14,663
 Exercise of stock options                                               19             —                —        77,773      (14,070)    63,703
Exercise of performance share units                                      19             —                —         7,651       (7,651)        —
Purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares           19       (956,776)              —      (169,299)          — (1,126,075)
Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts             19             —                —       (30,740)          —     (30,740)
Balance as at September 30, 2019                                                 4,557,855          176,694    1,903,977      245,577  6,884,103

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                       8
74
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                 Notes             2020          2019
                                                                                                                      $             $
 Operating activities
 Net earnings                                                                                                 1,117,862     1,263,207
 Adjustments for:
  Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                       24            565,692       392,301
  Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                          16              6,170        (8,297)
  Foreign exchange (gain) loss                                                                                   (7,956)        3,519
  Share-based payment costs                                                                                      37,358        39,440
  Loss on sale of business                                                                                        1,266            —
 Net change in non-cash working capital items                                                     28a           218,164       (56,251)
 Cash provided by operating activities                                                                        1,938,556     1,633,919


 Investing activities
 Net change in short-term investments                                                                             8,414        (9,889)
 Business acquisitions (considering the bank overdraft assumed and cash acquired)                              (269,585)     (480,366)
 Investment in Acando AB                                                                                             —       (140,248)
 Proceeds from sale of business                                                                                   2,647           600
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                     (128,478)     (162,061)
 Additions to contract costs                                                                                    (72,845)      (60,191)
 Additions to intangible assets                                                                                (114,112)     (105,976)
 Purchase of long-term investments                                                                              (10,594)         (523)
 Proceeds from sale of long-term investments                                                                     12,100         7,845
 Cash used in investing activities                                                                             (572,453)     (950,809)


 Financing activities
 Net change in unsecured committed revolving credit facility                                   14 and 28c      (334,370)      139,575
 Increase of long-term debt                                                                       28c         1,807,167       686,810
 Repayment of long-term debt                                                                      28c          (106,496)     (355,406)
 Payment of lease liabilities                                                                     28c          (175,320)           —
 Repayment of debt assumed in business acquisitions                                               28c           (28,281)       (2,141)
 Payment for remaining shares of Acando                                                           27b           (23,123)           —
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                                28c and 32        (3,903)         (554)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts                                     19            (55,287)      (30,740)
 Purchase and cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares                                   19         (1,043,517)   (1,130,255)
 Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                                                   57,302        63,602
 Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                                 94,172      (629,109)
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                            33,879       (24,261)
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                    1,494,154        29,740
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                   213,831       184,091
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                       1,707,985       213,831

Supplementary cash flow information (Note 28).

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                         9
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 75
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



1.      Description of business
CGI Inc. (the Company), directly or through its subsidiaries, provides managed information technology (IT) and business process
services (BPS), systems integration and consulting, as well as the sale of software solutions to help clients effectively realize
their strategies and create added value. The Company was incorporated under Part IA of the Companies Act (Québec), predecessor
to the Business Corporations Act (Québec) which came into force on February 14, 2011 and its Class A subordinate voting shares
are publicly traded. The executive and registered office of the Company is situated at 1350 René-Lévesque Blvd. West, Montréal,
Québec, Canada, H3G 1T4.


2.      Basis of preparation
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
The Company’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 were authorized for issue
by the Board of Directors on November 10, 2020.


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated on consolidation.
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The Company controls an entity when it is exposed or has right to variable
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the relevant activities
of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition and continue to be consolidated until the date control
over the subsidiaries ceases.

BASIS OF MEASUREMENT
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets and
liabilities, which have been measured at fair value as described below.

USE OF JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements and estimates that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, equity and the accompanying disclosures at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because the use of judgements and
estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ.
Significant judgements and estimates about the future and other major sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
period could have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the following within the next
financial year: revenue recognition, deferred tax assets, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts, goodwill impairment,
right-of-use assets, business combinations, provisions for uncertain tax treatments and litigation and claims.
The judgements, apart from those involving estimations, that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the
consolidated financial statements are:
Revenue recognition of multiple deliverable arrangements
Assessing whether the deliverables within an arrangement are separate performance obligations requires judgement by
management. A deliverable is identified as a separate performance obligation if the customer benefits from it on its own or together
with resources that are readily available to the customer and if it is separately identifiable from the other deliverables in the
contract. The Company assesses if the deliverables are separately identifiable in the context of the contract by determining if it
is highly interrelated with other deliverables in the contract. If these criteria are not met, the deliverables are accounted for as a
combined performance obligation.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                        10
76
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
USE OF JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable income will be available
against which the losses can be utilized. Management judgement is required concerning uncertainties that exist with respect to
the timing of future taxable income required to recognize a deferred tax asset. The Company recognizes an income tax benefit
only when it is probable that the tax benefit will be realized in the future. In making this judgement, the Company assesses
forecasts and the availability of future tax planning strategies.
A description of estimates is included in the respective sections within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
COVID-19 pandemic
For the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company assessed the impact of the uncertainties around the outbreak of the novel
strain of the coronavirus, specifically identified as COVID-19 pandemic, on its balance sheet carrying amounts. This review
required the use of judgements and estimates and resulted in no material impacts outside of the restructuring costs, refer to Note
25.
The future impact of COVID-19 uncertainties could generate, in future reporting periods, a significant risk of material adjustments
to the following: revenue recognition, deferred tax assets, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts, impairment of
PP&E, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and goodwill and litigation and claims.

REVENUE RECOGNITION, WORK IN PROGRESS AND DEFERRED REVENUE
The Company generates revenue through the provision of managed IT and BPS, systems integration and consulting, as well as
the sale of software solutions as described in Note 1, Description of business.
The Company provides services and products under arrangements that contain various pricing mechanisms. The Company
accounts for a contract or a group of contracts when the following criteria are met: the parties to the contract have approved the
contract in which their rights, their obligations and the payment terms have been identified, the contract has commercial substance,
and the collectability of the consideration is probable.
A contract modification is a change in the scope or price of an existing revenue-generating customer contract. The Company
accounts for a contract modification as a separate contract when the scope of the contract increases because of the addition of
promised performance obligations and the price of the contract increases by an amount of consideration that reflects its stand-
alone selling prices. When the contract is not accounted for as a separate contract, the Company recognizes an adjustment to
revenue on the existing contract on a cumulative catch-up basis as at the date of the contract modification or, if the remaining
goods and services are distinct, the Company recognizes the remaining consideration prospectively.
Revenue is recognized when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promise of good or service
to the customer and are measured at the amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled to receive, including variable
consideration, such as, discounts, volume rebates, service-level penalties, and incentives. Variable consideration is estimated
using either the expected value method or most likely amount method and is included only to the extent it is highly probable that
a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. In making this judgement, management will mostly consider
all information available at the time (historical, current and forecasted), the Company’s knowledge of the client or the industry,
the type of services to be delivered and the specific contractual terms of each arrangement.
Revenue from sales of third party vendor's products, such as software licenses, hardware or services is recorded on a gross
basis when the Company is a principal to the transaction and is recorded net of costs when the Company is acting as an agent
between the client and vendor. To determine whether the Company is a principal or an agent, it evaluates whether control is
obtained of the goods or services before they are transferred to the client. Factors generally considered include whether the
Company has the primary responsibility for providing the product or service, adds meaningful value to the vendor’s product or
service and has discretion establishing the price.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                     11
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 77
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
REVENUE RECOGNITION, WORK IN PROGRESS AND DEFERRED REVENUE (CONTINUED)
Relative stand-alone selling price
The Company’s arrangements often include a mix of the services and products as described below. If an arrangement involves
the provision of multiple performance obligations, the total arrangement value is allocated to each performance obligations based
on its relative stand-alone selling price. When estimating the stand-alone selling price of each performance obligations, the
Company maximizes the use of observable prices which are established using the Company’s prices for same or similar
deliverables. When observable prices are not available, the Company estimates stand-alone selling prices based on its best
estimate. The best estimate of the stand-alone selling price is the price at which the Company would normally expect to offer the
services or products and is established by considering a number of internal and external factors including, but not limited to,
geographies, the Company’s pricing policies, internal costs and margins. Additionally, in certain circumstances, the Company
may apply the residual approach when estimating the stand-alone price of software license products, for which the Company has
not yet established the price or has not previously sold on a stand-alone basis.
The appropriate revenue recognition method is applied for each performance obligation as described below.
Managed IT and business process services
Revenue from managed IT and business process services arrangements is generally recognized over time as the services are
provided at the contractual billings, which corresponds with the value provided to the client, unless there is a better measure of
performance or delivery.
Systems integration and consulting services
Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under time and material arrangements is recognized over time as the
services are rendered, and revenue under cost-based arrangements is recognized over time as reimbursable costs are incurred.
Contractual billings of such arrangements correspond with the value provided to the client, and therefore revenues are generally
recognized when amounts become billable.
Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements is recognized using the percentage-of-
completion method over time, as the Company has no alternative use for the asset created and has an enforceable right to
payment for performance completed to date. The Company primarily uses labour costs or labour hours to measure the progress
towards completion. This method relies on estimates of total expected labour costs or total expected labour hours to complete
the service, which are compared to labour costs or labour hours incurred to date, to arrive at an estimate of the percentage of
revenue earned to date. Factors considered in the estimates include: changes in scope of the contracts, delays in reaching
milestones, complexities in project delivery, availability and retention of qualified IT professionals and/or the ability of the
subcontractors to perform their obligation within agreed upon budget and timeframes. Management regularly reviews underlying
estimates of total expected labour costs or hours.
Software licenses
Most of the Company’s software license arrangements include other services such as implementation, customization and
maintenance. For these types of arrangements, revenue from a software license, when identified as a performance obligation,
is recognized at a point in time upon delivery. Otherwise when the software is significantly customized, integrated or modified, it
is combined with the implementation and customization services and is accounted for as described in the systems integration
and consulting services section above. Revenue from maintenance services for software licenses sold is recognized straight-line
over the term of the maintenance period.
Work in progress and deferred revenue
Amounts recognized as revenue in excess of billings are classified as work in progress. Amounts received in advance of the
performance of services or delivery of products are classified as deferred revenue. Work in progress and deferred revenue are
presented net on a contract by-contract basis. During the year ended September, 30 2020, the revenues recognized from the
short-term deferred revenue was not significantly different than what was presented as at September, 30 2019.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents consist of unrestricted cash and short-term investments having a maturity of three months or less
from the date of purchase.



CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                    12
78
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS
Short-term investments, comprise generally of term deposits, have remaining maturities over three months, but not more than
one year, at the date of purchase.

FUNDS HELD FOR CLIENTS AND CLIENTS’ FUNDS OBLIGATIONS
In connection with the Company’s payroll, tax filing and claims services, the Company collects funds for payment of payroll, taxes
and claims, temporarily holds such funds until payment is due, remits the funds to the clients’ employees, appropriate tax authorities
or claims holders, files tax returns and handles related regulatory correspondence and amendments. The funds held for clients
include cash and long-term bonds. The Company presents the funds held for clients and related obligations separately. Funds
held for clients are classified as current assets since, based upon management’s intentions, these funds are held solely for the
purpose of satisfying the clients’ funds obligations, which will be repaid within one year of the consolidated balance sheet date.
The market fluctuations affect the fair value of the long-term bonds. Due to those fluctuations, funds held for clients might not
equal to the clients' funds obligations.
Interest income earned and realized gains and losses on the disposal of bonds are recorded in revenue in the period that the
income is earned, as the collecting, holding and remitting of these funds are critical components of providing these services.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment (PP&E), are recorded at cost and are depreciated over their estimated useful lives using the
straight-line method.

Buildings                                                                                                                    10 to 40 years
Leasehold improvements                                                                              Lesser of the useful life or lease term
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                                             3 to 20 years
Computer equipment                                                                                                             3 to 5 years


LEASES

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, under IFRS 16, Leases

When the Company enters into contractual agreements with suppliers or other parties, an assessment is performed to determine
if the contract contains a lease. The Company identified lease agreements under the following categories: Properties, Motor
vehicules and others as well as Computer equipment.

The Company identifies a lease if it conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a specific period in exchange
for a determined consideration. At inception, a right-of-use asset for the underlying asset and corresponding lease liability are
presented in the consolidated balance sheet measured on a present value basis except for short-term leases (expected term of
12 months or less) and leases with low value underlying asset for which payments are recorded as an expense on a straight-line
basis over the lease term.

The right-of-use assets are measured at initial lease liabilities adjusted by lease payments made before the commencement date,
indirect costs and cash incentives received. The right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the expected
lease term of the underlying asset.

Lease liabilities are measured at present value of non-cancellable payments of the expected lease term, which are mostly made
of fixed payments of rent excluding maintenance fees; variable payments that are based on an index or a rate; amounts expected
to be payable as residual value guaranties and extension or termination option if reasonably certain to be exercised.

The Company estimates the lease term in order to calculate the value of the lease liability at the initial date of the lease. Management
uses judgement to determine the appropriate lease term based on the conditions of each lease. To determine the lease term, the
Company considers all factors that create economic incentives to exercise an extension or a termination option. The extension
or termination options are only included in the lease term if it is reasonably certain of being exercised. Management considers
all facts that create incentive to exercise an extension option or not to take a termination option including leasehold improvements,
significant modification of the underlying asset or a business decision.


CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                            13
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 79
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
LEASES (CONTINUED)
Discount rate used in the present value calculation is the incremental borrowing rate unless the implicit interest rate in the lease
can be readily determined. The Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate for each lease or portfolio of leased assets,
as most of the implicit interest rates in the leases are not readily determinable. To calculate the incremental borrowing rate, the
Company considers its credit worthiness, the term of the arrangement, any collateral received and the economic environment.
The incremental borrowing rates are subject to change mainly due to changes in the economic environment.

The lease liabilities are subsequently adjusted to reflect interest on the lease liabilities and lease payments made. Lease liabilities
are remeasured (along with the corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use asset), whenever the following situations occur; a
modification in the lease term, a change in the assessment of an option to purchase, a modification in the residual guarantees
or in future lease payments due to a change of an index or rate tied to the payments.

CONTRACT COSTS
Contract costs are comprised primarily of transition costs incurred to implement long-term managed IT and business process
services contracts and incentives.

Transition costs
Transition costs consist mostly of costs associated with the installation of systems and processes, as well as conversion of the
client’s applications to the Company’s platforms incurred after the award of managed IT and business process services contracts.
Transition costs are comprised essentially of labour costs, including compensation and related fringe benefits, as well as
subcontractor costs.

Incentives
Occasionally, incentives are granted to clients upon the signing of managed IT and business process services contracts. These
incentives are granted in the form of cash payments.

Amortization of contract costs
Contract costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the period services are provided. Amortization of transition costs
is included in costs of services, selling and administrative and amortization of incentives is recorded as a reduction of revenue.

Impairment of contract costs
When a contract is not expected to be profitable, the estimated loss is first applied to impair the related capitalized contract costs.
The excess of the expected loss over the capitalized contract costs is recorded as onerous revenue-generating contracts in
provisions. If at a future date the contract returns to profitability, the previously recognized impairment loss must be reversed.
First the estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts must be reversed, and if there is still additional projected profitability
then any capitalized contract costs that were impaired must be reversed. The reversal of the impairment loss is limited so that
the carrying amount does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of amortization, had no impairment loss been recognized for the contract costs in prior years.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Intangible assets consist mainly of internal-use software, business solutions, software licenses and client relationships. Internal-
use software, business solutions and software licenses are recorded at cost. Internal-use software developed internally is
capitalized when it meets specific capitalization criteria related to technical and financial feasibility and when the Company
demonstrates its ability and intention to use it. Business solutions developed internally and marketed are capitalized when they
meet specific capitalization criteria related to technical, market and financial feasibility. Internal-use software, business solutions,
software licenses and client relationships acquired through business combinations are initially recorded at their fair value based
on the present value of expected future cash flows, which involves estimates, such as the forecasting of future cash flows and
discount rates.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                         14
80
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Amortization of intangible assets
The Company amortizes its intangible assets using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives.

Internal-use software                                                                                                   2 to 7 years
Business solutions                                                                                                     2 to 10 years
Software licenses                                                                                                       3 to 8 years
Client relationships                                                                                                   2 to 10 years


IMPAIRMENT OF PP&E, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS, INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL
Timing of impairment testing
The carrying values of PP&E, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and goodwill are reviewed for impairment when events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Company assesses at each reporting date
whether any such events or changes in circumstances exist. The carrying values of intangible assets not available for use are
tested for impairment annually as at September 30. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each
fiscal year.
Impairment testing
If any indication of impairment exists or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Company estimates the
recoverable amount of the asset or cash-generating unit (CGU) to which the asset relates to determine the extent of any impairment
loss. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or CGU’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use (VIU) to
the Company. The Company mainly uses the VIU. In assessing the VIU, estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
present value using a discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
the asset or CGU. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are taken into account, if available.
If the recoverable amount of an asset or a CGU is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount is reduced
to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the CGU or group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from
acquired work force and synergies of the related business combination. The group of CGUs that benefit from the acquired work
force and synergies correspond to the Company’s operating segments. For goodwill impairment testing purposes, the group of
CGUs that represents the lowest level within the Company at which management monitors goodwill is the operating segment
level.
The recoverable amount of each operating segment has been determined based on the VIU calculation which includes estimates
about their future financial performance based on cash flows approved by management covering a period of five years. Key
assumptions used in the VIU calculations are the discount rate applied and the long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows.
In determining these assumptions, management has taken into consideration the current economic environment and its resulting
impact on expected growth and discount rates. The cash flow projections reflect management’s expectations of the operating
segment's operating performance and growth prospects in the operating segment’s market. The discount rate applied to an
operating segment is the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). Management considers factors such as country risk premium,
risk-free rate, size premium and cost of debt to derive the WACC. Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in
future periods.
For impaired assets, other than goodwill, an assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that
previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the Company
estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a
change in the assumptions used to determine the recoverable amount of the asset since the last impairment loss was recognized.
The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying
amount that would have been determined, net of amortization, had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior
years. Such reversal is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                      15
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 81
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
LONG-TERM FINANCIAL ASSETS
Long-term investments presented in long-term financial assets are comprised of bonds which are presented as long-term based
on management’s intentions.

BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
The Company accounts for its business combinations using the acquisition method. Under this method, the consideration
transferred is measured at fair value. Acquisition-related and integration costs associated with the business combination are
expensed as incurred or when a present legal or constructive obligation exists. The Company recognizes goodwill as the excess
of the cost of the acquisition over the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their
acquisition-date fair values. The goodwill recognized is composed of the future economic value associated to acquired work force
and synergies with the Company’s operations which are primarily due to reduction of costs and new business opportunities.
Management makes assumptions when determining the acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible and intangible
assets acquired and liabilities assumed which involve estimates, such as the forecasting of future cash flows, discount rates, and
the useful lives of the assets acquired. Subsequent changes in fair values are recorded as part of the purchase price allocation
and therefore result in corresponding goodwill adjustments if they qualify as measurement period adjustments. The measurement
period is the period between the date of acquisition and the date where all significant information necessary to determine the fair
values is available, not to exceed 12 months. All other subsequent changes in estimates and judgements are recognized in the
consolidated statements of earnings.

EARNINGS PER SHARE
Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
per share is determined using the treasury stock method to evaluate the dilutive effect of stock options and performance share
units (PSUs).

RESEARCH AND SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS
Research costs are charged to earnings in the period in which they are incurred, net of related tax credits. Software development
costs related to internal-use software and business solutions are charged to earnings in the year they are incurred, net of related
tax credits, unless they meet specific capitalization criteria related to technical, market and financial feasibility as described in
the Intangible assets section above.

TAX CREDITS
The Company follows the income approach to account for research and development (R&D) and other tax credits, whereby
investment tax credits are recorded when there is a reasonable assurance that the assistance will be received and that the
Company will comply with all relevant conditions. Under this method, tax credits related to operating expenditures are recorded
as a reduction of the related expenses and recognized in the period in which the related expenditures are charged to earnings.
Tax credits related to capital expenditures are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the related assets. The tax credits recorded
are based on management's best estimates of amounts expected to be received and are subject to audit by the taxation authorities.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                      16
82
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
INCOME TAXES
Income taxes are accounted for using the liability method of accounting.
Current income taxes are recognized with respect to the amounts expected to be paid or recovered under the tax rates and laws
that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheets date.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on deductible or taxable temporary differences between the amounts
reported for consolidated financial statement purposes and tax values of the assets and liabilities using enacted or substantively
enacted tax rates that will be in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are recognized in earnings, in other comprehensive income or in equity based on the classification of the
item to which they relate.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
that taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilized. Once this assessment is made, the Company considers
the analysis of forecasts and future tax planning strategies. Estimates of taxable profit are made based on the forecast by
jurisdiction on an undiscounted basis. In addition, management considers factors such as substantively enacted tax rates, the
history of the taxable profits and availability of tax strategies.
The Company is subject to income tax laws in numerous jurisdictions. Judgement is required in determining the worldwide provision
for income taxes as the determination of tax liabilities and assets involves uncertainties in the interpretation of complex tax
regulations and requires estimates and assumptions considering the existing facts and circumstances. The Company provides
for potential tax liabilities based on the most likely amount of the possible outcomes. Estimates are reviewed each reporting period
and updated, based on new information available, and could result in changes to the income tax liabilities and deferred tax
liabilities in the period in which such determinations are made.

PROVISIONS
Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate
can be made of the amount of the obligation. The Company’s provisions consist of liabilities for litigation and claims provisions
arising in the ordinary course of business, decommissioning liabilities for leases of office buildings, onerous supplier contracts
and onerous revenue-generating contracts. The Company also records restructuring provisions for termination of employment
costs related to specific initiatives and to the integration of its business acquisitions.
The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the
end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Provisions are discounted
using a current pre-tax rate when the impact of the time value of money is material. The increase in the provisions due to the
passage of time is recognized as finance costs.
The accrued litigation and legal claims provisions are based on historical experience, current trends and other assumptions that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates include the period in which the underlying cause of the claim
occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome.
Decommissioning liabilities pertain to leases of buildings where certain arrangements require premises to be returned to their
original state at the end of the lease term. The provision is determined using the present value of the estimated future cash
outflows.
Provisions for onerous supplier contracts are recorded when the unavoidable net cash flows from honoring the contract are
negative. The provision represents the lowest of the costs to fulfill the contract and the penalties to exit the contract.
Provisions for onerous revenue-generating contracts are recorded when unavoidable costs of fulfilling the contract exceed the
estimated total revenue from the contract. Management regularly reviews arrangement profitability and the underlying estimates.
Restructuring provisions are recognized when a detailed formal plan identifies the business or part of the business concerned,
the location and number of employees affected, a detailed estimate of the associated costs, appropriate timelines and has been
communicated to those affected by it.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                     17
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 83
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN CURRENCIES
The Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is also the parent company’s functional
currency. Each entity in the Company determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of
each entity are measured using that functional currency. Functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment
in which the entity operates.
Foreign currency transactions and balances
Revenue, expenses and non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate of exchange
prevailing at the transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at exchange
rates prevailing at the balance sheets date. Unrealized and realized translation gains and losses are reflected in the consolidated
statements of earnings.
Foreign operations
For foreign operations that have functional currencies different from the Company, assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign
currency are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheets date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average
exchange rates prevailing during the period. Resulting unrealized gains or losses on translating financial statements of foreign
operations are reported in other comprehensive income.
For foreign operations with the same functional currency as the Company, monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the
exchange rates in effect at the balance sheets date and non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical exchange
rates. Revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the period. Translation exchange gains or losses
of such operations are reflected in the consolidated statements of earnings.

SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
Equity-settled plans
The Company operates equity-settled stock option and PSU plans under which the Company receives services from employees,
officers and directors as consideration for equity instruments.
The fair value of those share-based payments is established on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for
the stock options and the closing price of Class A subordinate voting shares of the Company on the Toronto Stock Exchange
(TSX) for the PSUs. The number of stock options and PSUs expected to vest are estimated on the grant date and subsequently
revised on each reporting date. For stock options, the estimation of fair value requires making assumptions for the most appropriate
inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the option and expected stock price volatility. The fair value of share-
based payments, adjusted for expectations related to performance conditions and forfeitures, are recognized as share-based
payment costs over the vesting period in earnings with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus on a graded-vesting basis
if they vest annually or on a straight-line basis if they vest at the end of the vesting period.
When stock options are exercised, any consideration paid is credited to capital stock and the recorded fair value of the stock
options is removed from contributed surplus and credited to capital stock. When PSUs are exercised, the recorded fair value of
PSUs is removed from contributed surplus and credited to capital stock.
Share purchase plan
The Company operates a share purchase plan for eligible employees. Under this plan, the Company matches the contributions
made by employees up to a maximum percentage of the employee's salary. The Company's contributions to the plan are recognized
in salaries and other member costs within costs of services, selling and administrative.
Cash-settled deferred share units
The Company operates a deferred share unit (DSU) plan to compensate the external members of the Board of Directors. The
expense is recognized within costs of services, selling and administrative for each DSU granted equal to the closing price of Class
A subordinate voting shares of the Company on the TSX at the date on which DSUs are awarded and a corresponding liability
is recorded in accrued compensation. After the grant date, the DSU liability is remeasured for subsequent changes in the fair
value of the Company's shares.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                      18
84
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
All financial instruments are initially measured at their fair value and are subsequently classified either at amortized cost, at fair
value through earnings (FVTE) or at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). Financial assets are classified
based on the Company’s management model of such instruments and their contractual cash flows they generate. Financial
liabilities are classified and measured at amortized cost, unless they are held for trading and classified as FVTE.
The Company has made the following classifications:
FVTE
Cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial instruments and deferred compensation plan assets within long-term financial
assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period and the resulting gains or losses are recorded in the
consolidated statements of earnings.
Amortized Cost
Trade accounts receivable, cash included in funds held for clients, long-term receivables within long-term financial assets, accounts
payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, long-term debt and clients’ funds obligations are measured at amortized
cost using the effective interest method. Financial assets classified at amortized cost are subject to impairment. For trade accounts
receivable and work in progress, the Company applies the simplified approach to measure expected credit losses, which requires
lifetime expected loss allowance to be recorded upon initial recognition of the financial assets.
FVOCI
Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients and in long-term investments within long-term financial assets are measured
at fair value through other comprehensive income and are subject to impairment for which the Company uses the low credit risk
exemption.
The unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable income taxes, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Interest income
measured using the effective interest method and realized gains and losses on derecognition are recorded in the consolidated
statements of earnings.
Transaction costs are comprised primarily of legal, accounting and other costs directly attributable to the issuance of the respective
financial assets. Transaction costs are capitalized to the cost of financial assets classified as other than FVTE.
Financial assets are derecognized if the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or the asset is transferred
and the transfer qualifies for derecognition as substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset have been
transferred.
Fair value hierarchy
Fair value measurements recognized on the balance sheets are classified in accordance with the following levels:
     Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
     Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, but that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
     or indirectly; and
     Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
The Company enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to interest rate and foreign currency
exchange risks.
Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value at the date the derivative contracts are entered into and are
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is recognized in the
consolidated statements of earnings, unless the derivative is designated and is effective as a hedging instrument, in which event
the timing of the recognition in the consolidated statements of earnings depends on the nature of the hedge relationship. The
cash flows of the hedging instruments are classified in the same manner as the cash flows of the item being hedged.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                          19
                                                                                                        FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 85
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which the
Company wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management's objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The
documentation includes the identification of the nature of the risk being hedged, the economic relationship between the hedged
item and the hedging instruments which should not be dominated by credit risk, the hedge ratio consistent with the risk management
strategy pursued and how the Company will assess the effectiveness of the hedging relationship on an ongoing basis.
Management evaluates hedge effectiveness at inception of the hedge instrument and quarterly thereafter generally based on a
managed hedge ratio of 1:1. Hedge effectiveness is measured prospectively as the extent to which changes in the fair value or
cash flows of the derivative offsets the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the underlying hedged instrument or risk when
there is a significant mismatch between the terms of the hedging instrument and the hedged item. Any meaningful imbalance is
considered ineffectiveness in the hedge and accounted for accordingly in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
The Company uses cross-currency swaps and foreign currency denominated long-term debt to hedge portions of the Company’s
net investments in its U.S. and European operations. Foreign exchange translation gains or losses on the net investments and
the effective portions of gains or losses on instruments hedging the net investments are recorded in other comprehensive income.
Gains or losses relating to the ineffective portion are recognized in consolidated statements of earnings. When the hedged net
investment is disposed of, the relevant amount in other comprehensive income is transferred to earnings as part of the gain or
loss on disposal.
Cash flow hedges of future revenue and long-term debt
The majority of the Company’s revenue and costs are denominated in a currency other than the Canadian dollar. The risk of
foreign exchange fluctuations impacting the results is substantially mitigated by matching the Company’s costs with revenue
denominated in the same currency. In certain cases where there is a substantial imbalance for a specific currency, the Company
enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the foreign currency exchange rates.
The Company also uses interest rate and cross-currency swaps to hedge either the cash flow exposure or the foreign exchange
exposure of the long-term debt.
The effective portion of the change in fair value of the derivative financial instruments is recognized in other comprehensive
income and the ineffective portion, if any, in the consolidated statements of earnings. The effective portion of the change in fair
value of the derivatives is reclassified out of other comprehensive income into the consolidated statements of earnings when the
hedged item is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Fair value hedges of Senior U.S. unsecured notes
The Company entered into interest rate swaps to hedge the fair value exposure of the issued fixed rate Senior U.S. unsecured
notes. Under the interest rate swaps, the Company receives a fixed rate of interest and pays interest at a variable rate on the
notional amount.
The changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings as finance
costs. The changes in the fair value of the hedged items attributable to the risk hedged is recorded as part of the carrying value
of the Senior U.S. unsecured notes and are also recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings as finance costs. If the
hedged items are derecognized, the unamortized fair value is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Cost of hedging
The Company has elected to account for forward element of forward contracts or foreign currency basis spread as costs of
hedging. In such cases, the deferred costs of hedging, net of applicable income taxes, are recognized as a separate component
of the accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified in the consolidated statements of earnings when the hedged
item is recognized.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                    20
86
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.       Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
The Company operates both defined benefit and defined contribution post-employment benefit plans.
The cost of defined contribution plans is charged to the consolidated statements of earnings on the basis of contributions payable
by the Company during the year.
For defined benefit plans, the defined benefit obligations are calculated by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit
method. The retirement benefits obligations in the consolidated balance sheets represent the present value of the defined benefit
obligations as reduced by the fair value of plan assets. The retirement benefits assets are recognized to the extent that the
Company can benefit from refunds or a reduction in future contributions. Retirement benefits plans that are funded by the payment
of insurance premiums are treated as defined contribution plans unless the Company has an obligation either to pay the benefits
directly when they fall due or to pay further amounts if assets accumulated with the insurer do not cover all future employee
benefits. In such circumstances, the plan is treated as a defined benefit plan.
Insurance policies are treated as plan assets of a defined benefit plan if the proceeds of the policy:
     -     Can only be used to fund employee benefits;

     -     Are not available to the Company’s creditors; and

     -     Either cannot be paid to the Company unless the proceeds represent surplus assets not needed to meet all the benefit
           obligations or are a reimbursement for benefits already paid by the Company.
Insurance policies that do not meet the above criteria are treated as non-current investments and are held at fair value as long-
term financial assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
The actuarial valuations used to determine the cost of defined benefit pension plans and their present value involve making
assumptions about discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality. Any changes in these
assumptions will impact the carrying amount of pension obligations. In determining the appropriate discount rate, management
considers the interest rates of high quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be
paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related pension liability.
The current service cost is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings under costs of services, selling and administrative.
The net interest cost calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liabilities or assets is recognized as net
finance cost or income. When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefits that
relates to past services or the gains or losses on curtailment is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of earnings.
The gains or losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan are recognized when the settlement occurs.
Remeasurements on defined benefit plans include actuarial gains and losses, changes in the effect of the asset ceiling and the
return on plan assets, excluding the amount included in net interest on the net defined liabilities or assets. Remeasurements are
charged or credited to other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                       21
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 87
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
ADOPTION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

The following standards have been adopted by the Company on October 1, 2019:

IFRS 16 - Leases

Adoption IFRS 16 - Leases
In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16, Leases, to set out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and
disclosure of leases for both parties to a lease agreement. The standard supersedes IAS 17, Leases, and other leases related
interpretations, eliminates the lessee's classification of leases as either operating leases or finance leases and introduces a single
lessee accounting model. Lessees recognize a right-of-use asset representing its control of, and right to use, the underlying asset
and a lease liability representing its obligation to make future lease payments. The Company adopted IFRS 16 using the modified
retrospective method, with no restatement of comparative figures. The Company applied the new standard to contracts that were
classified as leases under IAS 17 at the date of initial application. The right-of-use assets were recognized as if IFRS 16 had
been applied since the commencement date for real estate leases. For all other leases, the right-of-use assets were measured
at an amount equal to the lease liability adjusted by the prepaid amount and the accrued lease payment related to the lease in
the balance sheet as at September 30, 2019.
The Company made use of the following practical expedients available on transition date: the definition of a lease, the use of
hindsight in determining the lease term, the exclusion of initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the
transition date, the usage of a single incremental borrowing rate for a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics
and adjusting the right-of-use assets for any onerous lease provisions as an alternative to an impairment review.

Impacts at adoption date

The following table shows the impacts of the adoption of IFRS 16 on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as of October
1, 2019:

                                                           Balance sheet as at                                           Balance sheet
                                                           September 30, 2019                  IFRS 16 adoption   as at October 1, 2019
                                                                             $                                $                       $
Assets
Accounts receivable                                                    1,357,090                         3,319               1,360,409
Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                172,182                        (6,365)                165,817
Property, plant and equipment                                            397,661                       (21,863)                375,798
Right-of-use assets                                                           —                        701,346                 701,346
Other long-term assets                                                   180,480                           607                 181,087
Deferred tax assets                                                      100,539                        14,778                 115,317
Other assets                                                          10,413,794                            —               10,413,794
                                                                      12,621,746                       691,822              13,313,568

Liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                1,108,895                       (8,037)              1,100,858
Current portion of provisions                                              73,509                       (3,723)                 69,786
Current portion of long-term debt                                         113,511                      (14,086)                 99,425
Current portion of lease liabilities                                           —                       172,402                 172,402
Long-term provisions                                                       24,946                       (2,264)                 22,682
Long-term debt                                                          2,217,696                      (16,253)              2,201,443
Long-term lease liabilities                                                    —                       739,123                 739,123
Other long-term liabilities                                               213,392                      (64,655)                148,737
Deferred tax liabilities                                                  178,265                      (16,812)                161,453
Other liabilities                                                       1,807,429                           —                1,807,429
                                                                        5,737,643                      785,695               6,523,338

Equity
Retained earnings                                                      4,557,855                       (93,873)              4,463,982
Other equity                                                           2,326,248                            —                2,326,248
                                                                       6,884,103                       (93,873)              6,790,230
                                                                      12,621,746                       691,822              13,313,568


CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                         22
88
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
ADOPTION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

IFRS 16 - Leases (continued)

Impacts at adoption date (continued)

Upon adoption of IFRS 16, all operating lease commitments that were presented in the Note 29 of the consolidated financial
statements as at September 30, 2019 were recognized as lease liabilities and are now presented in the balance sheet. The
Company used its incremental borrowing rates as at October 1, 2019 to measure lease liabilities. The weighted average incremental
borrowing rate was 3.69% at the initial application.

The following table reconciles operating lease commitments presented in the consolidated financial statements as at September
30, 2019 and the lease liabilities recognized on October 1, 2019:


Operating lease commitments as at September 30, 2019                                                                        847,502
Discounted using the weighted average incremental borrowing rate as at October 1, 2019                                      (96,638)
    Finance lease obligations presented as at September 30, 2019                                                             30,339
    Termination options reasonably certain to be exercised                                                                  (22,748)
    Extension options reasonably certain to be exercised                                                                    153,070
Lease liabilities recognized as at October 1, 2019                                                                          911,525
    Current portion of lease liabilities                                                                                    172,402
    Long-term lease liabilities                                                                                             739,123
Total lease liabilities recognized as at October 1, 2019                                                                    911,525


For the year ended September 30, 2020, the impacts of the application of IFRS 16 are a decrease in property costs of $195,848,000 ,
an increase in amortization and depreciation of $157,974,000, as well as an increase in finance costs of $31,957,000. In addition,
the cash provided by operating activities increased by $165,348,000, with the offset presented in the cash provided by (used in)
financing activities.

Accounting policies for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, under IAS 17, Leases

Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

Assets held under finance leases are initially recognized in PP&E at an amount equal to the fair value of the leased assets or, if
lower, the present value of minimum lease payments at the inception of the lease, and then depreciated over the economic useful
life of the asset or lease term, whichever is shorter. The capital element of future lease payments is included in the consolidated
balance sheets within long-term debt. Interest is charged to the consolidated statements of earnings so as to achieve a constant
rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.

Lease payments under operating leases are charged to the consolidated statements of earnings on a straight-line basis over the
lease term. Operating lease incentives, typically for premises, are recognized as a reduction in rental expense over the lease
term.

The Company accrues provisions for onerous leases which consist of estimated costs associated with vacated premises. The
provisions reflect the present value of lease payments in excess of the expected sublease proceeds on the remaining term of
the lease.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                      23
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 89
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
ADOPTION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 - Interest rate benchmark reform

In September 2019, the IASB has amended some of its requirements to address the uncertainty arising from the planned phasing
out of interest-rate benchmarks such as interbank offered rates (IBORs). The amendments provide temporary relief from applying
specific hedge accounting requirements affected by the interest rate benchmark reform. The amendments impact IFRS 9 Financial
instruments, IAS 39 Financial instruments: Recognition and measurement and IFRS 7 Financial instruments: Disclosures. The
amendments come into effect for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020 but early adoption is permitted. The
Company elected to early adopt the Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 - Interest rate benchmark reform as at October
1, 2019 and applied retrospectively the reform to hedging relationship that existed on the application date and to the amount
accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve at that date.
The Company has a debt expiring in December 2023 with a principal amount of U.S.$500,000,000 bearing interest based on the
1 month USD LIBOR rate. The debt has a carrying value of $666,250,000 as at September 30, 2020. The Company has entered
into cross-currency interest rate swaps with aggregate notional amounts of U.S.$500,000,000 maturing on the same date as the
debt (the hedging instruments) on which it receives interest based on the same 1 month USD LIBOR rate. The cross-currency
interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedge for the debt.
During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company entered into a two-year unsecured committed term loan credit facility
(the 2020 Term Loan) for a total principal amount of U.S.$1,250,000,000, refer to Note 32. The 2020 Term Loan expires in March
2022, bears interest based on the 1 month USD LIBOR rate and has a carrying value of $1,665,625,000 as at September 30,
2020.
For its hedges relationship, the Company assumes that the LIBOR interest rates used for the settlements on the debts and the
swaps will continue to be available beyond the planned phase out date at the end of December 2021.

FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES
The following standards have been issued but are not yet effective as of September 30, 2020.

LIBOR reform with amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 29, IFRS 7 and IFRS 16
In August 2020, the IASB issued Interest Rate Benchmark Reform-Phase 2, which amends IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, IAS
39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement, IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures and IFRS 16 Leases. The
amendments complement those issued in 2019 and focus on the effects on financial statements when a company replaces the
old interest rate benchmark with an alternative benchmark rate as a result of the reform. The standard will be effective on October
1, 2021 for the Company. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its financial statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                    24
90
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



4.        Accounts receivable

                                                                                                              As at                                     As at
                                                                                                 September 30, 2020                       September 30, 2019
                                                                                                                     $                                      $
    Trade (Note 32)                                                                                          904,887                                 979,728
    R&D and other tax credits1                                                                               180,953                                 259,289
    Other                                                                                                    133,462                                 118,073
                                                                                                           1,219,302                               1,357,090
1
     R&D and other tax credits were related to government programs in Canada, the United States, France, the United Kingdom and other countries.




5.        Funds held for clients

                                                                                                                   As at                                As at
                                                                                                      September 30, 2020                  September 30, 2019
                                                                                                                         $                                  $
    Cash                                                                                                         576,708                            187,823
    Long-term bonds (Note 32)                                                                                    148,470                            180,289
                                                                                                                 725,178                            368,112




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                               25
                                                                                                                          FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 91
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



6.      Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                             Furniture,
                                                                         Land and        Leasehold        fixtures and      Computer
                                                                         buildings    improvements          equipment      equipment        Total
                                                                                 $                   $                $            $             $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2019                                                  58,614              224,559       180,638         714,629    1,178,440
 Adoption of IFRS 16 (Note 3)                                                  —                    —        (14,578)        (40,357)     (54,935)
 As at October 1, 2019                                                     58,614              224,559       166,060         674,272    1,123,505
  Additions                                                                 5,759               28,188        12,225          79,057      125,229
  Additions - business acquisitions (Note 27a)                             12,730                1,013         2,683           2,474       18,900
  Disposals/retirements                                                        —               (17,160)      (19,405)       (118,490)    (155,055)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   2,178                4,942         3,656          24,578       35,354
As at September 30, 2020                                                   79,281              241,542       165,219         661,891    1,147,933
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2019                                                  16,961              139,726       118,672         505,420      780,779
 Adoption of IFRS 16 (Note 3)                                                  —                    —         (8,285)        (24,787)     (33,072)
 As at October 1, 2019                                                     16,961              139,726       110,387         480,633      747,707
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                            1,895               24,965        14,240         115,490      156,590
  Impairment (Note 24)                                                         —                    —             —            1,035        1,035
  Disposals/retirements                                                        —               (17,160)      (19,021)       (117,681)    (153,862)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   1,268                3,041         2,454          16,754       23,517
As at September 30, 2020                                                   20,124              150,572       108,060         496,231      774,987
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2020                               59,157               90,970        57,159         165,660      372,946


                                                                                                              Furniture,
                                                                         Land and         Leasehold        fixtures and     Computer
                                                                         buildings     improvements          equipment     equipment         Total
                                                                                 $                   $                $            $             $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2018                                                  58,455              204,888       164,634        686,499     1,114,476
  Additions                                                                   619               40,915        19,568        104,887       165,989
  Additions - business acquisitions (Note 27b)                                 —                 5,320           981          1,374         7,675
  Disposals/retirements                                                        —               (25,565)       (4,146)       (67,291)      (97,002)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                    (460)                (999)         (399)       (10,840)      (12,698)
As at September 30, 2019                                                   58,614              224,559       180,638        714,629     1,178,440
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2018                                                  14,652              144,275       106,223        461,233      726,383
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                            2,601               21,021        16,428        119,214      159,264
  Disposals/retirements                                                        —               (25,099)       (3,836)       (67,223)     (96,158)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                    (292)                (471)         (143)        (7,804)      (8,710)
As at September 30, 2019                                                   16,961              139,726       118,672        505,420      780,779
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2019                               41,653               84,833        61,966        209,209      397,661




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                    26
92
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



7.      Right-of-use assets

                                                                                       Motor vehicles and    Computer
                                                                        Properties                 others   equipment           Total
                                                                                  $                     $           $               $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2019                                                      —                     —             —               —
 Adoption of IFRS 16 (Note 3)                                           1,070,987               230,707        40,357       1,342,051
 As at October 1, 2019                                                  1,070,987               230,707        40,357       1,342,051
  Additions                                                                59,556                56,976         2,390         118,922
  Additions - business acquisitions (Note 27a)                             11,859                    —             —           11,859
  Change in estimates and lease modifications                              (6,460)                   —             —           (6,460)
  Disposals/retirements                                                   (56,986)              (61,941)       (3,110)       (122,037)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  45,302                 8,234         1,328          54,864
As at September 30, 2020                                                1,124,258               233,976        40,965       1,399,199
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2019                                                      —                     —             —               —
 Adoption of IFRS 16 (Note 3)                                             546,537                69,381        24,787         640,705
 As at October 1, 2019                                                    546,537                69,381        24,787         640,705
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                          127,931                33,140         7,168         168,239
  Impairment (Note 24)                                                      8,361                    —             —            8,361
  Disposals/retirements                                                   (56,986)              (52,467)       (3,110)       (112,563)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  24,028                 2,803           761          27,592
As at September 30, 2020                                                  649,871                52,857        29,606         732,334
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2020                              474,387               181,119        11,359         666,865




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                       27
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 93
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



8.      Contract costs

                                                                                    As at September 30, 2020                       As at September 30, 2019
                                                                                                               Net                                           Net
                                                                                    Accumulated           carrying                 Accumulated          carrying
                                                                           Cost     amortization           amount        Cost       amortization        amount
                                                                               $                   $             $          $                     $           $
 Transition costs                                                      477,174          246,468          230,706     476,075           258,283         217,792
 Incentives                                                             67,545            58,875            8,670      61,258            56,085           5,173
                                                                       544,719          305,343          239,376     537,333           314,368         222,965




9.      Intangible assets

                                                                    Internal-use                        Business
                                                    Internal-use        software    Business            solutions
                                                        software       internally   solutions           internally   Software         Client
                                                        acquired      developed     acquired           developed     licenses relationships               Total
                                                               $               $               $                $           $                $                $
 Cost
  As at September 30, 2019                               99,204        123,289         81,028           511,384      221,510      1,095,339           2,131,754
  Additions                                                 929          9,861            229            88,900       10,738             —              110,657
  Additions - business acquisitions (Note 27a)               —              —              —                 —           507         47,303              47,810
 Disposals/retirements                                   (4,652)        (2,826)        (7,506)          (34,810)     (47,888)        (2,376)           (100,058)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                  1,419            974          2,527             5,541        5,505         47,596              63,562
As at September 30, 2020                                 96,900        131,298         76,278           571,015      190,372      1,187,862           2,253,725
Accumulated amortization
 As at September 30, 2019                                80,467          69,095        79,907           317,846      159,591        906,866           1,613,772
 Amortization expense (Note 24)                           7,336          12,986           316            41,928       26,411         68,401             157,378
 Impairment (Note 24)                                        —               —             —             10,633           —              —               10,633
 Disposals/retirements                                   (4,652)         (2,826)       (7,506)          (34,810)     (47,146)          (453)            (97,393)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                  1,280             490         2,453             2,525        3,600         37,525              47,873
As at September 30, 2020                                 84,431          79,745        75,170           338,122      142,456      1,012,339           1,732,263
Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  2020                                                   12,469          51,553         1,108           232,893       47,916        175,523            521,462



                                                                    Internal-use                        Business
                                                     Internal-use       software     Business           solutions
                                                         software      internally    solutions          internally    Software           Client
                                                         acquired     developed      acquired          developed      licenses   relationships             Total
                                                               $               $               $                $           $                $                $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2018                                95,707        114,701         82,256           444,593      216,490      1,025,083           1,978,830
 Additions                                                4,321          9,433            911            61,693       20,196             —               96,554
 Additions - business acquisitions (Note 27b)                77             —              —                 —           201        113,786             114,064
 Disposals/retirements                                     (436)          (326)          (803)              (46)     (13,281)       (24,321)            (39,213)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                   (465)          (519)        (1,336)            5,144       (2,096)       (19,209)            (18,481)
As at September 30, 2019                                 99,204        123,289         81,028           511,384      221,510      1,095,339           2,131,754
Accumulated amortization
 As at September 30, 2018                                72,177          58,212        80,586           277,092      145,078        866,359           1,499,504
 Amortization expense (Note 24)                           8,872          11,513         1,319            37,318       29,356         76,182             164,560
 Disposals/retirements                                     (436)           (326)         (803)              (46)     (13,247)       (24,321)            (39,179)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                   (146)           (304)       (1,195)            3,482       (1,596)       (11,354)            (11,113)
As at September 30, 2019                                 80,467          69,095        79,907           317,846      159,591        906,866           1,613,772
Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  2019                                                   18,737          54,194         1,121           193,538        61,919       188,473            517,982


CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                  28
94
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



10. Other long-term assets

                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2020   September 30, 2019
                                                                                                                $                     $
 Prepaid long-term maintenance agreements                                                                 17,567                20,532
 Insurance contracts held to fund defined benefit pension and life assurance
   arrangements - reimbursement rights (Note 17)                                                          24,033                23,879
 Retirement benefits assets (Note 17)                                                                     86,127                96,620
 Deposits                                                                                                 13,312                13,999
 Deferred financing fees                                                                                   3,408                 3,798
 Other                                                                                                    19,292                21,652
                                                                                                         163,739               180,480




11. Long-term financial assets

                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2020   September 30, 2019
                                                                                                               $                     $
 Deferred compensation plan assets (Notes 17 and 32)                                                      73,156                62,627
 Long-term investments (Note 32)                                                                          22,612                24,596
 Long-term receivables                                                                                    20,623                18,034
 Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 32)                                                     40,178                71,642
                                                                                                         156,569              176,899




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                         29
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 95
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



12. Goodwill
Effective October 1, 2019, the Company realigned its management structure, resulting primarily in the creation of two new operating
segments, namely Scandinavia (Sweden, Denmark and Norway) and Finland, Poland and Baltics, collectively formerly known
as Northern Europe in the prior fiscal year. As a result, the Company is now managed through nine operating segments, namely:
Western and Southern Europe (primarily France, Portugal and Belgium); United States (U.S.) Commercial and State Government;
Canada; U.S. Federal; United Kingdom (U.K.) and Australia; Central and Eastern Europe (primarily Germany and Netherlands);
Scandinavia; Finland, Poland and Baltics; and Asia Pacific Global Delivery Centers of Excellence (mainly India and Philippines)
(Asia Pacific). This realignment of management structure also included, to a lesser extent, transfers of some lines of business
between our operating segments.
Due to the changes in operating segments and that CGUs correspond to the operating segments, the Company reallocated
goodwill to the revised CGUs using their relative fair value.
The operating segments reflect the fiscal year 2020 management structure and the way that the chief operating decision-maker,
who is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, evaluates the business.
The Company completed the annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2020 and did not identify any
impairment.
The variations in goodwill were as follows:


                                                     Western             U.S.                                                     Central            Finland,
                                                         and      Commercial                                                         and              Poland
                                                    Southern        and State                  U.S. U.K. and                      Eastern                and                     Asia
                                                      Europe      Government         Canada Federal Australia                     Europe Scandinavia Baltics                   Pacific           Total
                                                              $                 $          $            $                $               $                    $          $          $                $
As at September 30, 2019                               975,075           1,134,246 1,136,737    918,064             806,318        820,565        1,703,927             —      272,905        7,767,837
    Business acquisitions (Note 27)                     32,272                 —       5,411      86,882             53,021         95,285             (6,604)          —           —          266,267
    Goodwill reallocation                                    —              6,324         —         (6,324)              —              —            (613,472)    613,472           —                —
    Sale of business                                         —                 —          —             —                —              —              (3,411)          —           —            (3,411)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment             81,752              6,737         —           540            45,633         69,999             89,433      46,406        8,738         349,238
As at September 30, 2020                             1,089,099           1,147,307 1,142,148    999,162             904,972        985,849        1,169,873       659,878      281,643        8,379,931


Key assumptions in goodwill impairment testing
The key assumptions for the CGUs are disclosed in the following tables for the years ended September 30:

                                                                          Western           U.S.                                                 Central                        Finland,
                                                                              and    Commercial                                                     and                          Poland
                                                                         Southern      and State                         U.S.       U.K. and     Eastern                            and           Asia
2020                                                                       Europe    Government       Canada          Federal       Australia    Europe Scandinavia              Baltics        Pacific
                                                                               %                %             %               %              %          %                %               %           %
     Pre-tax WACC                                                            11.2              9.3            9.6         8.5             9.3          10.2             10.0        10.8           23.0

     Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1                       1.7              2.0            2.0         2.0             2.0           1.9              1.9            1.7         2.0



                                                                           Western           U.S.
                                                                               and    Commercial                                                        Central and
                                                                          Southern      and State                           U.S.         U.K. and          Eastern           Northern             Asia
2019                                                                        Europe    Government        Canada           Federal         Australia         Europe             Europe            Pacific
                                                                                %               %                 %               %              %                %                %                 %
     Pre-tax WACC                                                              9.1             10.0            8.9                9.9            8.9              9.1             9.4              21.4

     Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1                        1.8              2.0            2.0                2.0            1.9              1.5             1.8               2.0

1
    The long-term growth rate is based on published industry research.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                                                         30
96
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



13. Provisions

                                                                                      Decommissioning
                                                               Restructuring1               liabilities2                    Others3                       Total
                                                                             $                          $                          $                          $
As at September 30, 2019                                               39,212                     25,824                     33,419                    98,455
Adoption of IFRS 16 (Note 3)                                               —                          —                      (5,987)                   (5,987)
As at October 1, 2019                                                  39,212                     25,824                     27,432                    92,468
Additional provisions                                                193,592                       5,328                     34,842                   233,762
Business acquisitions                                                     —                          351                     24,823                    25,174
Utilized amounts                                                    (119,331)                     (3,667)                   (24,091)                 (147,089)
Reversals of unused amounts                                               —                       (3,006)                    (6,532)                   (9,538)
Discount rate adjustment and imputed                                        —                        158                          —                        158
interest
Foreign currency translation adjusment                                 1,799                       1,573                      1,213                     4,585
As at September 30, 2020                                             115,272                      26,561                     57,687                   199,520
Current portion                                                      112,731                       8,609                     54,292                   175,632
Non-current portion                                                    2,541                      17,952                      3,395                    23,888
1
    See Note 25, Restructuring costs and Note 27c), Investments in subsidiaries.
2
    As at September 30, 2020, the decommissioning liabilities were based on the expected cash flows of $27,390,000 and were discounted at a weighted average
    rate of 0.59%. The timing of settlements of these obligations ranges between one and thirteen years as at September 30, 2020. The reversals of unused amounts
    are mostly due to favourable settlements.
3
    As at September 30, 2020, others included onerous revenue-generating contracts, onerous supplier contracts and litigation and claims.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                  31
                                                                                                                           FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 97
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



14. Long-term debt
                                                                                                                            As at                               As at
                                                                                                               September 30, 2020                 September 30, 2019
                                                                                                                                    $                                $
    Senior U.S. unsecured note repayable of $333,125 (U.S.$250,000) in December 20211                                      339,682                           332,533
    Senior unsecured notes repayable in September by tranches of $73,288 (U.S.$55,000)
      in 2021, $399,750 (U.S.$300,000) in 2024, $266,500 (U.S.$200,000) in four yearly
      repayments of U.S.$50,000 from 2021 to 2024 and $132,787 (€85,000) in 20212                                          872,283                           924,021
    Unsecured committed revolving credit facility3                                                                                —                          334,370
    Unsecured committed term loan credit facilities4                                                                     2,330,288                           661,939
    Obligations under finance leases repayable in blended monthly installments (maturing
     at various dates until 2024, bearing a weighted average interest rate of 2.44% in
     2019) (Note 3)                                                                                                               —                           30,339
    Other long-term debt                                                                                                     44,842                           48,005
                                                                                                                         3,587,095                         2,331,207
    Current portion                                                                                                        310,764                           113,511
                                                                                                                         3,276,331                         2,217,696
1
     As at September 30, 2020, an amount of $333,125,000 was borrowed, plus fair value adjustments relating to interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges
     of $6,470,000 and less financing fees. The private placement financing with U.S. institutional investors is comprised of one tranche of Senior U.S. unsecured note,
     due in December 2021, with an interest rate of 4.99% (interest rate of 4.99% in 2019). The Senior U.S. unsecured note contains covenants that require the Company
     to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 33). As at September 30, 2020, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
2
     As at September 30, 2020, an amount of $872,325,000 was borrowed, less financing fees. The private placement is comprised of three tranches of Senior U.S.
     unsecured notes and one tranche of Senior euro unsecured note, with a weighted average maturity of 2.8 years and a weighted average interest rate of 3.64%
     (3.66% in 2019). In September 2020, the Company repaid the third of the seven yearly scheduled repayments of U.S.$50,000,000 on a tranche of the Senior U.S.
     unsecured notes for a total amount of $65,860,000 and settled the related cross-currency swaps (Note 32). The Senior unsecured notes contain covenants that
     require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 33). As at September 30, 2020, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
3
     The Company has an unsecured committed revolving credit facility available for an amount of $1,500,000,000 that expires in December 2024. This facility bears
     interest at bankers' acceptance, LIBOR or Canadian prime, plus a variable margin that is determined based on the Company's leverage ratio. As at September 30,
     2020, there was no amount drawn upon this facility. An amount of $9,699,000 has been committed against this facility to cover various letters of credit issued for
     clients and other parties. The unsecured committed revolving credit facility contains covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note
     33). As at September 30, 2020, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
4
      During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company entered into the 2020 Term Loan for a total principal amount of U.S.$1,250,000,000 (Note 32). The
     2020 Term Loan expires in March 2022, bears interest based on the 1 month USD LIBOR rate, plus a variable margin that is determined based on the Company's
     leverage ratio. As at September 30, 2020, an amount of $1,665,625,000 was borrowed less financing fees with a weighted average interest rate of 0.16% and a
     margin of 1.50%. In addition, the Company has an unsecured committed term loan credit facility for a notional amount of U.S.$500,000,000 expiring in December
     2023. This facility bears interest based on the 1 month USD LIBOR rate, plus a variable margin that is determined based on the Company's leverage ratio. As at
     September 30, 2020, an amount of $666,250,000 was borrowed less financing fees with a weighted average interest rate ratio of 0.16% and a margin of 1.00%.
     The unsecured committed term loan credit facilities contains covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 33). As at September 30,
     2020, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                         32
98
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



15. Other long-term liabilities

                                                                                                                                As at                       As at
                                                                                                                   September 30, 2020         September 30, 2019
                                                                                                                                      $                        $
    Deferred revenue                                                                                                            38,466                   70,522
    Deferred compensation plan liabilities (Note 17)                                                                            82,221                   63,838
    Deferred rent (Note 3)                                                                                                          —                    64,655
    Other1                                                                                                                      64,687                   14,377
                                                                                                                              185,374                   213,392
1
     As at September 30, 2020, other is mainly composed of $48,299,000 in relation with the deferral of the employer side social security payments under the U.S.
     Government Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act).




16. Income taxes
                                                                                                                                    Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                    2020              2019
                                                                                                                                          $                    $
Current income tax expense
 Current income tax expense in respect of the current year                                                                      416,563                 439,972
 Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the income tax expense of prior years                                (24,328)                (17,934)
Total current income tax expense                                                                                                392,235                 422,038
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)
  Deferred income tax recovery relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                                  (1,120)                  (959)
  Deferred income tax (recovery) expense relating to changes in tax rates                                                         (3,479)                   784
  Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the deferred income tax recovery of prior
    years                                                                                                                         10,769                      —
  Recognition of previously unrecognized temporary differences                                                                       —                   (8,122)
Total deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                      6,170                  (8,297)
Total income tax expense                                                                                                        398,405                 413,741


The Company’s effective income tax rate differs from the combined Federal and Provincial Canadian statutory tax rate as follows:

                                                                                                                                    Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                    2020              2019
                                                                                                                                          %                   %
Company's statutory tax rate                                                                                                         26.5                   26.6
Effect of foreign tax rate differences                                                                                               (0.9)                  (1.6)
Final determination from agreements with tax authorities and expirations of statutes of limitations                                  (0.9)                  (1.4)
Non-deductible and tax exempt items                                                                                                   0.2                    0.2
Effect of integration-related costs                                                                                                   0.7                    0.1
Minimum income tax charge                                                                                                             0.9                    0.8
Changes in tax laws and rates                                                                                                        (0.2)                    —
Effective income tax rate                                                                                                            26.3                   24.7




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                   33
                                                                                                                           FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 99
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



16. Income taxes (continued)
The continuity schedule of deferred tax balances is as follows:

                                                                                Additions                      Recognized                             Foreign currency
                                           As at Adoption               As at         from                        in other                                  translation           As at
                                      September of IFRS 16           October     business        Recognized comprehensive           Recognized         adjustment and        September
                                        30, 2019    (Note 3)          1, 2020 acquisitions       in earnings       income             in equity                   other        30, 2020
                                               $             $               $               $            $                   $               $                        $              $
 Accounts payable and accrued
  liabilities, provisions and other
  long-term liabilities                   67,926        (17,150)       50,776            47          12,819                   (7)             —                       573        64,208
 Tax benefits on losses carried
  forward                                 59,163             —         59,163           886          (17,492)                 —               —                     3,671        46,228
 Accrued compensation                     45,407             —         45,407            —            (2,464)                 —          (16,933)                   1,410        27,420
 Retirement benefits obligations          17,904             —         17,904            60           (4,959)             8,282               —                     1,879        23,166
 Lease liabilities                            —        231,562        231,562         3,751          (18,864)                 —               —                     6,548       222,997
 PP&E, contract costs, intangible
  assets and other long-term
  assets                                (123,147)            —       (123,147)       (5,933)          (6,710)                 —               —                      (670)     (136,460)
 Right-of-use assets                          —        (182,822)     (182,822)       (3,658)         21,133                   —               —                    (6,488)     (171,835)
 Work in progress                        (43,569)            —         (43,569)         170            9,532                  —               —                      (410)      (34,277)
 Goodwill                                (60,366)            —         (60,366)        (757)          (2,127)                 —               —                      (959)      (64,209)
 Refundable tax credits on
 salaries                                (25,819)            —         (25,819)          —            3,095                   —               —                        —        (22,724)
 Cash flow hedges                        (13,903)            —         (13,903)          —              (869)            13,773               —                      524           (475)
 Other                                    (1,322)            —          (1,322)       1,354             736               1,095               —                      (759)        1,104
 Deferred taxes, net                     (77,726)       31,590         (46,136)      (4,080)          (6,170)            23,143          (16,933)                   5,319       (44,857)



                                                                                                      Recognized                          Foreign currency
                                             As at      Additions from                                   in other                               translation                        As at
                                       September              business       Recognized in         comprehensive      Recognized in        adjustment and                    September
                                         30, 2018         acquisitions           earnings                 income             equity                   other                    30, 2019
                                                   $                   $                $                        $                  $                        $                        $
 Accounts payable and accrued
  liabilities, provisions and other
  long-term liabilities                    78,177                  (3,220)          (8,394)                      —                  —                    1,363                   67,926
 Tax benefits on losses carried
  forward                                  62,415                      —            (1,001)                      —                  —                   (2,251)                  59,163
 Accrued compensation                      34,887                     18             3,995                       —            6,132                        375                   45,407
 Retirement benefits obligations           25,418                      —            (2,683)                (4,324)                  —                     (507)                  17,904
 Allowance for doubtful accounts             (260)                     —              260                        —                  —                       —                         —
 PP&E, contract costs, intangible
  assets and other long-term
  assets                                 (106,207)            (24,514)               7,788                       —                  —                     (214)                (123,147)
 Work in progress                          (59,142)                    —           16,010                        —                  —                     (437)                 (43,569)
 Goodwill                                  (53,891)                    —            (5,407)                      —                  —                   (1,068)                 (60,366)
 Refundable tax credits on
  salaries                                 (26,502)                    —              683                        —                  —                       —                   (25,819)
 Cash flow hedges                          12,398                      —            (1,470)               (25,290)                  —                      459                  (13,903)
Other                                        (638)                    76            (1,484)                   2,374                 —                   (1,650)                  (1,322)
 Deferred taxes, net                       (33,345)           (27,640)               8,297                (27,240)            6,132                     (3,930)                 (77,726)



The deferred tax balances are presented as follows in the consolidated balance sheets:

                                                                                                                                       As at                                    As at
                                                                                                                          September 30, 2020                      September 30, 2019
                                                                                                                                                  $                                   $
 Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                     113,484                              100,539
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                               (158,341)                            (178,265)
                                                                                                                                         (44,857)                             (77,726)




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                                          34
100
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



16. Income taxes (continued)
As at September 30, 2020, the Company had $291,255,000 ($367,352,000 as at September 30, 2019) in operating tax losses
carried forward, of which $59,390,000 ($37,480,000 as at September 30, 2019) expire at various dates from 2029 to 2040 and
$231,865,000 ($329,872,000 as at September 30, 2019) have no expiry dates. As at September 30, 2020, a deferred income tax
asset of $41,380,000 ($54,814,000 as at September 30, 2019) has been recognized on $217,563,000 ($289,976,000 as at
September 30, 2019) of these losses. The deferred income tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that
taxable income will be available against which the unused tax losses can be utilized. As at September 30, 2020, the Company
had $31,639,000 ($29,287,000 as at September 30, 2019) of the unrecognized operating tax losses that will expire at various
dates from 2029 to 2032 and 42,053,000 ($48,089,000 as at September 30, 2019) that have no expiry date.

As at September 30, 2020, the Company had $485,546,000 ($471,772,000 as at September 30, 2019) in non-operating tax losses
carried forward that have no expiry dates. As at September 30, 2020, a deferred income tax asset of $4,848,000 ($4,349,000 as
at September 30, 2019) has been recognized on $19,436,000 ($18,151,000 as at September 30, 2019) of these losses. As at
September 30, 2020, the Company had $466,110,000 ($453,621,000 as at September 30, 2019) of unrecognized non-operating
tax losses.

As at September 30, 2020, the Company had $836,101,000 ($149,121,000 as at September 30, 2019) of cash and cash
equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries. The tax implications of the repatriation of cash and cash equivalents not considered
indefinitely reinvested have been accounted for and will not materially affect the Company’s liquidity. In addition, the Company
has not recorded deferred tax liabilities on undistributed earnings of $5,565,437,000 ($4,457,906,000 as at September 30, 2019)
coming from its foreign subsidiaries as they are considered indefinitely reinvested. Upon distribution of these earnings in the form
of dividends or otherwise, the Company may be subject to taxation.

On September 30, 2019, the Company recorded a deferred tax asset of $18,500,000 attributable to the recognition of additional
operating tax losses following a settlement with the German tax authority.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                     35
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 101
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



17. Employee benefits
The Company operates various post-employment plans, including defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans as
well as other benefit plans for its employees.

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
The Company operates defined benefit pension plans primarily for the benefit of employees in the U.K., Germany and France,
with smaller plans in other countries. The benefits are based on pensionable salary and years of service and are funded with
assets held in separate funds.
The defined benefit plans expose the Company to interest risk, inflation risk, longevity risk, currency risk and market investment
risk.
The following description focuses mainly on plans registered in the U.K., Germany and France:
U.K.
In the U.K., the Company has three defined benefit pension plans, the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme, the Logica U.K. Pension &
Life Assurance Scheme and the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan.
The CMG U.K. Pension Scheme is closed to new members and is closed to further accrual of rights for existing members. The
Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme is still open but only for employees who come from the civil service with protected
pensions. The Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan was created to mirror the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme and was created
for employees that worked for National Grid and Welsh Water with protected benefits.
Both the Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme and the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan are employer and employee
based contribution plans.
The trustees are the custodians of the defined benefit pension plans and are responsible for the plan administration, including
investment strategies. The trustees review periodically the investment and the asset allocation policies. As such, the CMG U.K.
Pension Scheme policy is to target an allocation up to a maximum of 70% to return-seeking assets such as equities; the Logica
U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme policy is to invest 15% of the scheme assets in equities and 85% in bonds; and the Logica
Defined Benefit Pension Plan policy is to invest 30% of the plan assets in equities and 70% in bonds.
The U.K. Pensions Act 2004 requires that full formal actuarial valuations are carried out at least every three years to determine
the contributions that the Company should pay in order for the plan to meet its statutory objective, taking into account the assets
already held. In the interim years, the trustees need to obtain estimated funding updates unless the scheme has less than 100
members in total.
The latest funding actuarial valuations of the three defined benefit pension plans described above were performed as at September
30, 2018 and the results were finalized during the year ended September 30, 2020 with the following recommendations:
      –    The actuarial valuation of the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme reported a deficit of $26,546,000. A new recovery plan was
           proposed, and during fiscal 2020, the Company contributed a total amount of $12,432,000 to ensure that the funding
           objectives of the scheme were met, and stopped the contributions on June 30, 2020 accordingly to the plan. The Company
           also contributed an amount of $1,279,000 to cover administration expenses; and
      –    The actuarial valuation of the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan specified that no supplementary contributions were
           required after November 30, 2019 in order to reach the plan funding objectives. During fiscal 2020, the Company
           contributed a total amount of $344,200 and then stopped the contributions.
Germany
In Germany, the Company has numerous defined benefit pension plans which are all closed to new members. In the majority of
the plans, upon retirement of employees, the benefits are in the form of a monthly pension and in a few plans, the employees
receive an indemnity in the form of a lump-sum payment. About one third of the plans are bound by the former Works Council
agreements. There are no mandatory funding requirements. The plans are funded by the contributions made by the Company.
In some plans, insurance policies are taken out to fund retirement benefit plans. These do not qualify as plan assets and are
presented as reimbursement rights, unless they are part of a reinsured support fund or are pledged to the employees.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                    36
102
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



17. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
France
In France, the retirement indemnities are provided in accordance with the Labour Code. Upon retirement, employees receive an
indemnity, depending on the salary and seniority in the Company, in the form of a lump-sum payment.
The following tables present amounts for post-employment benefits plans included in the consolidated balance sheets:


As at September 30, 2020                                                         U.K.          Germany      France      Other         Total
                                                                                    $                 $          $          $             $
 Defined benefit obligations                                               (891,628)           (104,090)   (84,442)   (83,584)   (1,163,744)
 Fair value of plan assets                                                  977,137              12,766        692     33,829    1,024,424
                                                                             85,509             (91,324)   (83,750)   (49,755)    (139,320)
 Fair value of reimbursement rights                                              —               22,505         —       1,528       24,033
 Net asset (liability) recognized in the balance
  sheet                                                                      85,509             (68,819)   (83,750)   (48,227)    (115,287)

 Presented as:
 Other long-term assets (Note 10)

   Insurance contracts held to fund defined
     benefit pension and life assurance
     arrangements - reimbursement rights                                          —             22,505          —       1,528       24,033
  Retirement benefits assets                                                 85,509                  —          —        618        86,127
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                  —             (91,324)   (83,750)   (50,373)    (225,447)
                                                                             85,509             (68,819)   (83,750)   (48,227)    (115,287)




As at September 30, 2019                                                         U.K.          Germany      France      Other          Total

                                                                                    $                 $          $          $             $
 Defined benefit obligations                                               (812,179)           (101,298)   (58,048)   (73,059)   (1,044,584)
 Fair value of plan assets                                                  908,406              12,803         —      26,786      947,995
                                                                             96,227             (88,495)   (58,048)   (46,273)     (96,589)
 Fair value of reimbursement rights                                              —               22,360         —       1,519       23,879
 Net asset (liability) recognized in the balance
  sheet                                                                      96,227             (66,135)   (58,048)   (44,754)     (72,710)

 Presented as:
 Other long-term assets (Note 10)

   Insurance contracts held to fund defined
     benefit pension and life assurance
     arrangements - reimbursement rights                                          —             22,360          —       1,519       23,879

   Retirement benefits assets                                                96,227                  —          —        393        96,620
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                  —             (88,495)   (58,048)   (46,666)    (193,209)

                                                                             96,227             (66,135)   (58,048)   (44,754)     (72,710)




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                              37
                                                                                                               FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 103
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



17. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)


    Defined benefit obligations                                              U.K.        Germany         France     Other        Total
                                                                                $                   $         $         $            $
As at September 30, 2019                                                812,179           101,298        58,048    73,059    1,044,584
    Current service cost                                                   1,060                 776      4,665     7,974      14,475
    Interest cost                                                        15,253                  576       347      2,878      19,054
    Business acquisitions (Note 27a)                                          —                    —      1,732        —        1,732
    Actuarial losses (gains) due to change in
     financial assumptions1                                              36,135                (1,258)    4,279     1,138      40,294
    Actuarial losses due to change in
     demographic assumptions1                                            17,671                    —      6,401        —       24,072
    Actuarial (gains) losses due to experience1                           (8,033)               (530)     4,054    (1,374)      (5,883)
    Plan participant contributions                                            91                   —         —         —            91
    Benefits paid from the plan                                          (28,793)              (1,645)       —     (2,426)     (32,864)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                                        —                (2,787)     (454)   (1,832)      (5,073)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment1                             46,065                7,660      5,370     4,167      63,262
As at September 30, 2020                                                891,628           104,090        84,442    83,584    1,163,744
    Defined benefit obligations of unfunded
     plans                                                                    —                    —     84,442    35,070     119,512
    Defined benefit obligations of funded plans                         891,628           104,090            —     48,514    1,044,232
As at September 30, 2020                                                891,628           104,090        84,442    83,584    1,163,744


    Defined benefit obligations                                              U.K.         Germany        France     Other         Total
                                                                                $                   $         $         $            $
As at September 30, 2018                                                760,244            89,959        55,276    58,594     964,073
    Current service cost                                                     889                 689      4,251     6,547      12,376
    Interest cost                                                        21,261                1,512       950      3,558      27,281
    Past service cost                                                      8,239                   —         —         —        8,239
    Business acquisitions (Note 27b)                                          —                1,444         —      6,550       7,994
    Actuarial losses due to change in financial
     assumptions1                                                        99,257            15,253         7,806     7,072     129,388
    Actuarial gains due to change in
     demographic assumptions1                                             (6,947)               (292)    (6,667)   (1,802)     (15,708)
    Actuarial (gains) losses due to experience1                          (16,773)              1,065        (11)   (1,389)     (17,108)
    Plan participant contributions                                           102                   —         —         —          102
    Benefits paid from the plan                                          (25,395)               (263)        —     (3,228)     (28,886)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                                        —                (4,020)   (1,248)   (1,831)      (7,099)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment1                             (28,698)              (4,049)   (2,309)   (1,012)     (36,068)
As at September 30, 2019                                                812,179           101,298        58,048    73,059    1,044,584
 Defined benefit obligations of unfunded
plans                                                                         —                    —     58,048    34,690      92,738
Defined benefit obligations of funded plans                             812,179           101,298            —     38,369     951,846
As at September 30, 2019                                                812,179           101,298        58,048    73,059    1,044,584
1
     Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                         38
104
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



17. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

    Plan assets and reimbursement rights                                     U.K.        Germany         France       Other        Total
                                                                                $                   $         $           $            $
As at September 30, 2019                                                908,406            35,163            —      28,305      971,874
    Interest income on plan assets                                       17,255                  204          3        964       18,426
    Business acquisitions (Note 27a)                                          —                    —       664           —          664
    Employer contributions                                               14,398                2,430       454       6,874       24,156
    Return on assets excluding interest income1                          15,976                   46         —        (396)      15,626
    Plan participants contributions                                           91                   —         —           —            91
    Benefits paid from the plan                                          (28,793)              (1,645)       —       (2,426)     (32,864)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                                        —                (2,787)     (454)     (1,831)      (5,072)
    Administration expenses paid from the plan                            (1,189)                  —         —          (58)      (1,247)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment1                             50,993                1,860        25       3,925       56,803
As at September 30, 2020                                                977,137            35,271          692      35,357     1,048,457
    Plan assets                                                         977,137            12,766          692      33,829     1,024,424
    Reimbursement rights                                                      —            22,505            —       1,528       24,033
As at September 30, 2020                                                977,137            35,271          692      35,357     1,048,457


    Plan assets and reimbursement rights                                     U.K.         Germany        France       Other         Total
                                                                                $                   $         $           $            $
As at September 30, 2018                                                787,550            36,420            —      22,903      846,873
    Interest income on plan assets                                       22,271                  620        —        2,425       25,316
    Employer contributions                                               24,430                2,765     1,248       7,025       35,468
    Return on assets excluding interest income1                         133,821                 (784)        —         669      133,706
    Plan participants contributions                                          102                   —         —           —          102
    Benefits paid from the plan                                          (25,395)               (263)        —       (3,228)     (28,886)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                                        —                (2,576)   (1,248)     (1,831)      (5,655)
    Administration expenses paid from the plan                            (1,696)                  —         —        (152)       (1,848)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment1                             (32,677)              (1,019)       —         494       (33,202)
As at September 30, 2019                                                908,406            35,163            —      28,305      971,874
    Plan assets                                                         908,406            12,803            —      26,786      947,995
    Reimbursement rights                                                      —            22,360            —       1,519       23,879
As at September 30, 2019                                                908,406            35,163            —      28,305      971,874
1
     Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                           39
                                                                                                              FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 105
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



17. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The plan assets at the end of the years consist of:

As at September 30, 2020                                                          U.K.         Germany              France              Other             Total
                                                                                     $                  $                 $                     $             $
    Quoted equities                                                          472,318                 —                  —                 —           472,318
    Quoted bonds                                                              93,003                 —                  —                 —            93,003
    Cash                                                                      52,230                 —                  —                 88           52,318
    Other1                                                                   359,586             12,766                692            33,741          406,785
                                                                             977,137             12,766                692            33,829        1,024,424


As at September 30, 2019                                                          U.K.          Germany              France             Other              Total
                                                                                     $                  $                 $                     $             $
    Quoted equities                                                          366,203                 —                   —                —           366,203
    Quoted bonds                                                             200,599                 —                   —                —           200,599
    Cash                                                                     111,454                 —                   —                91          111,545
    Other1                                                                   230,150             12,803                  —            26,695          269,648
                                                                             908,406             12,803                  —            26,786          947,995
1
     Other is mainly composed of various insurance policies and quoted investment funds to cover some of the defined benefit obligations.


Plan assets do not include any shares of the Company, property occupied by the Company or any other assets used by the
Company.
The following table summarizes the expense1 recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings:

                                                                                                                                      Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                                                                            $                 $
    Current service cost                                                                                                            14,475              12,376
    Past service cost                                                                                                                   —                8,239
    Net interest on net defined benefit obligations or assets                                                                          629               1,965
    Administration expenses                                                                                                          1,247               1,848
                                                                                                                                    16,351              24,428
1
     The expense was presented as costs of services, selling and administrative for an amount of $14,475,000 and as net finance costs for an amount of $1,876,000
     (Note 26) ($20,615,000 and $3,813,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2019).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                  40
106
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



17. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
Actuarial assumptions
The following are the principal actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages). The assumed discount rates, future
salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality all have a significant effect on the accounting valuation.

As at September 30, 2020                                                                       U.K    Germany     France                Other
                                                                                                 %         %             %                 %
 Discount rate                                                                                 1.53      0.65       0.65                 3.11
 Future salary increases                                                                       2.84      2.50       3.79                 1.51
 Future pension increases                                                                      2.82      1.50         —                  2.51
 Inflation rate                                                                                2.84      2.00       2.00                 0.08

As at September 30, 2019                                                                       U.K.   Germany      France               Other
                                                                                                 %         %             %                 %
 Discount rate                                                                                 1.82      0.56       0.56                 3.05
 Future salary increases                                                                       3.03      2.50       3.29                 1.07
 Future pension increases                                                                      3.00      1.50         —                  0.06
 Inflation rate                                                                                3.03      2.00       2.00                 2.40

The average longevity over 65 of a member presently at age 45 and 65 are as follows:

As at September 30, 2020                                                                                          U.K.                Germany
                                                                                                                         (in years)
 Longevity at age 65 for current members
    Males                                                                                                         21.8                   20.0
    Females                                                                                                       23.7                   23.0
 Longevity at age 45 for current members
    Males                                                                                                         23.2                   24.0
    Females                                                                                                       25.3                   26.0


As at September 30, 2019                                                                                          U.K.                Germany
                                                                                                                         (in years)
 Longevity at age 65 for current members
    Males                                                                                                         21.8                   20.0
    Females                                                                                                       23.1                   23.0
 Longevity at age 45 for current members
    Males                                                                                                         23.6                   24.0
    Females                                                                                                       25.2                   26.0




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                               41
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 107
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



17. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
Actuarial assumptions (continued)
Assumptions regarding future mortality are set based on actuarial advice in accordance with published statistics and experience
in each country. Mortality assumptions for the most significant countries are based on the following post-retirement mortality tables
for the year ended September 30, 2020: (1) U.K.: 100% S2PxA (year of birth) plus CMI_2018 projections with 1.25% p.a. minimum
long term improvement rate, (2) Germany: Heubeck RT2018G and (3) France: INSEE TVTD 2014-2016.
The following tables show the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to changes in the principal actuarial assumptions:

As at September 30, 2020                                                                          U.K.     Germany                   France
                                                                                                     $              $                     $
 Increase of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                        (36,622)       (3,445)                (2,936)
 Decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                         38,192         3,632                  3,079
 Salary increase of 0.25%                                                                          441            36                  3,091
 Salary decrease of 0.25%                                                                        (437)           (36)                (2,962)
 Pension increase of 0.25%                                                                      18,528         1,598                     —
 Pension decrease of 0.25%                                                                     (18,132)       (1,531)                    —
 Increase of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                            29,148         1,598                  3,091
 Decrease of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                           (28,207)       (1,531)                (2,962)
 Increase of one year in life expectancy                                                        27,126         3,615                    558
 Decrease of one year in life expectancy                                                       (26,843)       (3,040)                  (592)


As at September 30, 2019                                                                          U.K.      Germany                  France
                                                                                                     $              $                     $
 Increase of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                        (33,082)       (3,440)                (2,027)
 Decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                         34,484         3,632                  2,126
 Salary increase of 0.25%                                                                          408            56                  2,132
 Salary decrease of 0.25%                                                                         (404)          (55)                (2,044)
 Pension increase of 0.25%                                                                      16,758         1,601                     —
 Pension decrease of 0.25%                                                                     (16,398)       (1,531)                    —
 Increase of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                            26,342         1,601                  2,132
 Decrease of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                           (25,490)       (1,531)                (2,044)
 Increase of one year in life expectancy                                                        20,884         3,325                    384
 Decrease of one year in life expectancy                                                       (20,824)       (2,938)                  (406)

The sensitivity analysis above has been based on a method that extrapolates the impact on the defined benefit obligations as a
result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the year.
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                                             Year ended September 30
                                                                                                             2020              2019
                                                                                                                        (in years)
 U.K.                                                                                                          18                       18
 Germany                                                                                                       14                       14
 France                                                                                                        14                       14
 Other                                                                                                         12                       13




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                             42
108
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



17. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The Company expects to contribute $7,903,000 to defined benefit plans during the next year, of which $1,657,000 relates to the
U.K. plans, and $6,246,000 relates to the other plans. The contributions will include funding payments and new benefit accruals.

DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
The Company also operates defined contribution pension plans. In some countries, contributions are made into the state pension
plans. The pension cost for defined contribution plans amounted to $228,998,000 in 2020 ($221,063,000 in 2019).
In addition, in Sweden, the Company contributes to a multi-employer plan, Alecta SE (Alecta) pension plan, which is a defined
benefit pension plan. This pension plan is classified as a defined contribution plan as sufficient information is not available to use
defined benefit accounting. Alecta lacks the possibility of establishing an exact distribution of assets and provisions to the respective
employers. The Company’s proportion of the total contributions to the plan is 0.40% and the Company’s proportion of the total
number of active members in the plan is 0.50%.
Alecta uses a collective funding ratio to determine the surplus or deficit in the pension plan. Any surplus or deficit in the plan will
affect the amount of future contributions payable. The collective funding is the difference between Alecta’s assets and the
commitments to the policy holders and insured individuals. The collective solvency is normally allowed to vary between 125%
and 175%. As at September 30, 2020, Alecta collective funding ratio was 144% (142% in 2019). The plan expense was $30,269,000
in 2020 ($32,512,000 in 2019). The Company expects to contribute $25,709,000 to the plan during the next year.

OTHER BENEFIT PLANS
As at September 30, 2020, the deferred compensation liability totaled $82,221,000 ($63,838,000 as at September 30, 2019)
(Note 15) and the deferred compensation assets totaled $73,156,000 ($62,627,000 as at September 30, 2019) (Note 11). The
deferred compensation liability is mainly related to plans covering some of its U.S. and German management. Some of the plans
include assets that will be used to fund the liabilities.
For the deferred compensation plan in the U.S., a trust was established so that the plan assets could be segregated; however,
the assets are subject to the Company’s general creditors in the case of bankruptcy. The assets composed of investments vary
with employees’ contributions and changes in the value of the investments. The change in liabilities associated with the plan is
equal to the change of the assets. The assets in the trust and the associated liabilities totaled $72,743,000 as at September 30,
2020 ($62,247,000 as at September 30, 2019).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                          43
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 109
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



18. Accumulated other comprehensive income


                                                                                                                    As at                 As at
                                                                                                       September 30, 2020   September 30, 2019
                                                                                                                       $                     $
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
  Net unrealized gains on translating financial statements of foreign operations, net of accumulated
   income tax expense of $56,239 ($63,579 as at September 30, 2019)                                            1,002,804              596,358
  Net losses on cross-currency swaps and on translating long-term debt designated as hedges of
   net investments in foreign operations, net of accumulated income tax recovery of $63,692
   ($67,165 as at September 30, 2019)                                                                           (417,462)            (426,376)
   Deferred gains (costs) of hedging on cross-currency swaps, net of accumulated income tax
    expense of $4,049 (net of accumulated income tax recovery $1,113 as at September 30, 2019)                    14,053                (4,091)
  Net unrealized (losses) gains on cash flow hedges, net of accumulated income tax recovery of
    $2,554 (net of accumulated income tax expense of $13,003 as at September 30, 2019)                            (5,935)              24,157
  Net unrealized gains on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, net
    of accumulated income tax expense of $1,291 ($352 as at September 30, 2019)                                    4,340                 1,486
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
  Net remeasurement losses on defined benefit plans, net of accumulated income tax recovery
   of $18,920 ($8,698 as at September 30, 2019)                                                                  (52,090)             (14,840)
                                                                                                                 545,710              176,694

For the year ended September 30, 2020, $5,616,000 of the net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges, net of income tax expense
of $1,648,000, previously recognized in other comprehensive income were reclassified in the consolidated statements of earnings
($8,306,000, net of income tax expense of $4,311,000, for the year ended September 30, 2019).
For the year ended September 30, 2020, $10,268,000 of the deferred gains of hedging on cross-currency swaps, net of income
tax expense of $3,702,000, were also reclassified in the consolidated statements of earnings (deferred costs of $5,203,000, net
of income tax recovery of $1,113,000, for the year ended September 30, 2019).



19. Capital stock
The Company's authorized share capital is comprised of an unlimited number, all without par value, of:
      –    First preferred shares, issuable in series, carrying one vote per share, each series ranking equal with other series, but
           prior to second preferred shares, Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares with respect to
           the payment of dividends;
      –    Second preferred shares, issuable in series, non-voting, each series ranking equal with other series, but prior to Class
           A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares with respect to the payment of dividends;
      –    Class A subordinate voting shares, carrying one vote per share, participating equally with Class B multiple voting shares
           with respect to the payment of dividends and convertible into Class B multiple voting shares under certain conditions in
           the event of certain takeover bids on Class B multiple voting shares; and
      –    Class B multiple voting shares, carrying ten votes per share, participating equally with Class A subordinate voting shares
           with respect to the payment of dividends and convertible at any time at the option of the holder into Class A subordinate
           voting shares.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                 44
110
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



19. Capital stock (continued)
For the fiscal years 2020 and 2019, the number of issued and outstanding Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple
voting shares varied as follows:


                                                   Class A subordinate voting shares       Class B multiple voting shares                                  Total
                                                              Number Carrying value               Number Carrying value              Number Carrying value
                                                                                       $                                   $                                   $
As at September 30, 2018                                250,425,114          1,978,210       28,945,706             40,382       279,370,820        2,018,592
Issued upon exercise of stock options1                     1,942,580            77,773                  —                —         1,942,580            77,773
PSUs exercised2                                                   —              7,651                  —                —                —              7,651
Purchased and cancelled3                                 (12,510,232)         (169,299)                 —                —       (12,510,232)         (169,299)
Purchased and held in trusts4                                     —            (30,740)                 —                —                —            (30,740)
As at September 30, 2019                                239,857,462          1,863,595       28,945,706             40,382       268,803,168        1,903,977
                                             1
Issued upon exercise of stock options                      1,438,877            69,420                  —                 —        1,438,877            69,420
PSUs exercised2                                                     —             9,078                 —                —                 —             9,078
Purchased and cancelled3                                 (10,605,464)         (165,315)                 —                 —      (10,605,464)         (165,315)
Purchased and held in trusts4                                       —          (55,287)                 —                —                 —           (55,287)
As at September 30, 2020                                230,690,875          1,721,491       28,945,706             40,382       259,636,581        1,761,873
1
    The carrying value of Class A subordinate voting shares includes $12,269,000 ($14,070,000 for the year ended September 30, 2019), which corresponds to a
    reduction in contributed surplus representing the value of accumulated compensation costs associated with the stock options exercised during the year.
2
    During the year ended September 30, 2020, 157,788 PSUs were exercised (160,694 during the year ended September 30, 2019) with a recorded value of $9,078,000
    ($7,651,000 during the year ended September 30, 2019) that was removed from contributed surplus. As at September 30, 2020, 1,243,022 Class A subordinate
    voting shares were held in trusts under the PSU plans (875,480 as at September 30, 2019).
3
    On January 29, 2020, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized and subsequently received the regulatory approval from the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX),
    for the renewal of the Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) for the purchase for cancellation of up to 20,149,100 Class A subordinate voting shares on the open market
    through the TSX, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and/or alternative trading systems or otherwise pursuant to exemption orders issued by securities regulators.
    The Class A subordinate voting shares are available for purchase for cancellation commencing on February 6, 2020 until no later than February 5, 2021, or on
    such earlier date when the Company has either acquired the maximum number of Class A subordinate voting shares allowable under the NCIB or decided not to
    make any further purchases for cancellation under it.
    During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company purchased for cancellation 6,008,905 Class A subordinate voting shares from the Caisse de dépôt et
    placement du Québec for a cash consideration of $600,000,000 (5,158,362 and $500,000,000, respectively during the year ended September 30, 2019). The
    excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $471,455,000 was charged to retained earnings ($389,651,000 during the year ended
    September 30, 2019). The purchase was made pursuant to an exemption order issued by the Autorité des marchés financiers and is considered within the annual
    aggregate limit that the Company is entitled to purchase under its current NCIB.
    In addition, during the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company purchased for cancellation 4,596,559 Class A subordinate voting shares (7,301,870 during
    the year ended September 30, 2019) under its previous and current NCIB for a cash consideration of $443,517,000 ($626,075,000 during the year ended
    September 30, 2019) and the excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $406,747,000 ($567,125,000 during the year ended September 30,
    2019) was charged to retained earnings.
4
    During the year ended September 30, 2020, the trustees, in accordance with the terms of the PSU plans and Trust Agreements, purchased 525,331 Class A
    subordinate voting shares of the Company on the open market (374,995 during the year ended September 30, 2019) for a cash consideration of $55,287,000
    ($30,740,000 during the year ended September 30, 2019).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                       45
                                                                                                                               FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 111
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



20. Share-based payments
a)    Stock options
Under the Company’s stock option plan, the Board of Directors may grant, at its discretion, stock options to purchase Class A
subordinate voting shares to certain employees, officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price
is established by the Board of Directors and is equal to the closing price of the Class A subordinate voting shares on the TSX on
the day preceding the date of the grant. Stock options generally vest over four years from the date of grant conditionally upon
achievement of performance objectives and must be exercised within a ten-year period, except in the event of retirement,
termination of employment or death. As at September 30, 2020, 24,442,509 Class A subordinate voting shares were reserved
for issuance under the stock option plan.
The following table presents information concerning the outstanding stock options granted by the Company:

                                                                                                         2020                                            2019
                                                                                                   Weighted                                          Weighted
                                                                                           average exercise                                  average exercise
                                                                  Number of options          price per share       Number of options           price per share
                                                                                                            $                                               $
 Outstanding, beginning of year                                           9,891,592                     54.64            12,830,826                    52.01
 Granted                                                                    913,560                    110.65                52,735                    82.59
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                     (1,438,877)                    39.72            (1,942,580)                   32.81
 Forfeited                                                                 (431,223)                    84.50            (1,045,783)                   64.11
 Expired                                                                       (955)                    74.55                (3,606)                   34.79
 Outstanding, end of year                                                 8,934,097                     61.33             9,891,592                    54.64
 Exercisable, end of year                                                 5,748,402                     49.02             5,460,470                    41.32

The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for stock options exercised in 2020 was $99.79 ($93.68 in 2019).

The following table summarizes information about the outstanding stock options granted by the Company as at September 30,
2020:

                                                                                                Options outstanding                    Options exercisable

                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                           average          Weighted                         Weighted
                                                      Range of        Number of          remaining            average          Number of       average
                                                 exercise price         options     contractual life    exercise price           options exercise price
                                                              $                          (in years)                 $                                       $
                                               14.48 to 38.79         1,945,743                2.70              29.83         1,945,743               29.83
                                               39.47 to 50.94         1,356,156                4.68              45.21         1,356,156               45.21
                                               52.63 to 63.72         3,235,718                6.43              63.00         2,019,298               62.87
                                               67.04 to 87.65         1,523,387                7.92              84.05          426,416                82.94
                                            102.79 to 110.73            873,093                9.17             110.70                 789           102.79
                                                                      8,934,097                5.87              61.33        5,748,402                49.02




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                               46
112
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



20. Share-based payments (continued)
a)      Stock options (continued)
The weighted average fair value of stock options granted in the year and the weighted average assumptions used in the calculation
of their fair value on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model were as follows:

                                                                                                                                             Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                              2020             2019
    Grant date fair value ($)                                                                                                                17.71                 16.24
    Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                                        0.00                  0.00
    Expected volatility (%)1                                                                                                                 16.60                 19.79
    Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                                               1.55                  2.26
    Expected life (years)                                                                                                                     4.00                  4.00
    Exercise price ($)                                                                                                                      110.65                 82.59
    Share price ($)                                                                                                                         110.65                 82.59
1
     Expected volatility was determined using statistical formulas and based on the weekly historical average of closing daily share prices over the period of the expected
     life of stock options.


b)      Performance share units
The Company operates two PSU plans with similar terms and conditions. Under both plans, the Board of Directors may grant
PSUs to certain employees and officers which entitle them to receive one Class A subordinate voting share for each PSU. The
vesting performance conditions are determined by the Board of Directors at the time of each grant. PSUs expire on the business
day preceding December 31 of the third calendar year following the end of the fiscal year during which the PSU award was made,
except in the event of retirement, termination of employment or death. Conditionally upon achievement of performance objectives,
granted PSUs under the first plan vest annually over a period of four years from the date of the grant and granted PSUs under
the second plan vest at the end of the four-year period.
Class A subordinate voting shares purchased in connection with the PSU plans are held in trusts for the benefit of the participants.
The trusts, considered as structured entities, are consolidated in the Company’s consolidated financial statements with the cost
of the purchased shares recorded as a reduction of capital stock (Note 19).
The following table presents information concerning the number of outstanding PSUs granted by the Company:

    Outstanding as at September 30, 2018                                                                                                                       658,732
    Granted1                                                                                                                                                   472,187
    Exercised (Note 19)                                                                                                                                       (160,694)
    Forfeited                                                                                                                                                 (108,740)
    Outstanding as at September 30, 2019                                                                                                                       861,485
    Granted1                                                                                                                                                   607,342
    Exercised (Note 19)                                                                                                                                       (157,788)
    Forfeited                                                                                                                                                  (79,569)
    Outstanding as at September 30, 2020                                                                                                                     1,231,470
1
     The PSUs granted in 2020 had a grant date fair value of $107.39 per unit ($83.24 in 2019).


c)      Share purchase plan
Under the share purchase plan, the Company contributes an amount equal to a percentage of the employee's basic contribution,
up to a maximum of 3.50%. An employee may make additional contributions in excess of the basic contribution. However, the
Company does not match contributions in the case of such additional contributions. The employee and Company's contributions
are remitted to an independent plan administrator who purchases Class A subordinate voting shares on the open market on behalf
of the employee through either the TSX or NYSE.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                            47
                                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 113
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



20. Share-based payments (continued)
d)      Deferred share unit plan
External members of the Board of Directors (participants) are entitled to receive part or their entire retainer fee in DSUs. DSUs
are granted with immediate vesting and must be exercised no later than December 15 of the calendar year immediately following
the calendar year during which the participant ceases to act as a director. Each DSU entitles the holder to receive a cash payment
equal to the closing price of Class A subordinate voting shares on the TSX on the payment date. As at September 30, 2020, the
number of outstanding DSUs was 152,743 (137,571 DSUs as at September 30, 2019).

e)      Share-based payment costs
The share-based payment expense recorded in costs of services, selling and administrative is as follows:

                                                                                                                                         Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                                                                                             $                      $
    Stock options                                                                                                                      16,378                21,674
    PSUs                                                                                                                               20,979                17,766
    Share purchase plan                                                                                                               127,983               115,287
    DSUs                                                                                                                                 (607)                3,334
                                                                                                                                      164,733               158,061




21. Earnings per share
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                               2020                                                             2019
                                                             Weighted average                                                  Weighted average
                                                             number of shares          Earnings per                            number of shares         Earnings per
                                     Net earnings                outstanding1                 share Net earnings                    outstanding1              share
                                                  $                                                $              $                                                 $
    Basic                              1,117,862                  262,005,521                   4.27    1,263,207                  272,719,309                  4.63
    Net effect of dilutive stock
     options and PSUs2                                               4,098,541                                                        5,066,415
                                       1,117,862                  266,104,062                   4.20    1,263,207                  277,785,724                  4.55
1
     During the year ended September 30, 2020, 10,605,464 Class A subordinate voting shares purchased for cancellation and 1,243,022 Class A subordinate voting
     shares held in trust were excluded from the calculation of weighted average number of shares outstanding as of the date of transaction (12,460,232 and 875,480,
     respectively during the year ended September 30, 2019).
2
     The calculation of the diluted earnings per share excluded 876,213 stock options for the year ended September 30, 2020 (1,716,774 for the year ended September 30,
     2019), as they were anti-dilutive.


22. Remaining performance obligations
Remaining performance obligations relates to Company’s performance obligations that are partially or fully unsatisfied under
fixed-fee arrangements.

The amount of the selling price allocated to remaining performance obligations as at September 30, 2020 is $824,854,000
($964,052,000 as at September 30, 2019) and is expected to be recognized as revenue within a weighted average of 1.4 years
(1.6 years as at September 30, 2019).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                        48
114
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



23. Costs of services, selling and administrative
                                                                                                           Year ended September 30
                                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                                               $                 $
    Salaries and other member costs1                                                                  7,264,839         7,158,588
    Professional fees and other contracted labour                                                     1,355,065         1,439,915
    Hardware, software and data center related costs                                                    800,496           873,158
    Property costs                                                                                      259,306           363,812
    Amortization, depreciation and impairment (Note 24)                                                 556,061            388,087
    Other operating expenses                                                                             66,301             60,447
                                                                                                      10,302,068        10,284,007
1
     Net of R&D and other tax credits of $160,335,000 in 2020 ($171,389,000 in 2019).




24. Amortization, depreciation and impairment
                                                                                                           Year ended September 30
                                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                                               $                 $
    Depreciation of PP&E (Note 6)                                                                       156,590           159,264
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                                        168,239                —
    Impairment of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                                            3,269                —
    Amortization of contract costs related to transition costs                                           55,905            64,263
    Impairment of contract costs related to transition costs                                              4,047                —
    Amortization of intangible assets (Note 9)                                                          157,378           164,560
    Impairment of intangible assets (Note 9)                                                             10,633                —
    Included in costs of services, selling and administrative (Note 23)                                 556,061           388,087

    Amortization of contract costs related to incentives (presented as a reduction of revenue)             2,535            2,919
    Amortization of deferred financing fees (presented in finance costs)                                    890             1,012
    Amortization of premiums and discounts on investments related to funds held for clients
     (presented net as a reduction of revenue)                                                               79               283
    Impairment of PP&E (presented in restructuring costs) (Note 6 and 25)                                 1,035                —
    Impairment of right-of-use assets (presented in restructuring costs) (Note 7 and 25)                  5,092                —
                                                                                                        565,692           392,301




25.          Restructuring costs

During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company incurred restructuring costs related to terminations of employment
primarily in France, Canada and Germany, in relation with the COVID-19 impacts.

During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company also announced a restructuring plan mainly for the closure of the Brazil
operations, the refocusing of the Portugal infrastructure business towards nearshore delivery and the optimization of the Sweden
infrastructure business.

The Company recorded $155,411,000 of restructuring costs during the year ended September 30, 2020 (nil during the year ended
September 30, 2019).

This amount includes restructuring costs for terminations of employment of $144,202,000, accounted for in restructuring provisions,
impairment of PP&E of $1,035,000 (Notes 6 and 24), impairment of right-of-use assets of $5,092,000 (Note 24), as well as other
restructuring costs of $5,082,000.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                    49
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 115
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



26. Net finance costs
                                                                                                                                     Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                     2020              2019
                                                                                                                                        $                    $
    Interest on long-term debt                                                                                                     75,667              63,312
    Interest on lease liabilities (Note 3)                                                                                         33,017                  —
    Net interest costs on net defined benefit obligations or assets (Note 17)                                                       1,876               3,813
    Other finance costs                                                                                                             9,029              15,071
    Finance costs                                                                                                                 119,589              82,196
    Finance income                                                                                                                 (5,115)            (11,566)
                                                                                                                                  114,474              70,630


27. Investments in subsidiaries
a)     Business acquisitions realized in current fiscal year
The Company made the following significant acquisitions during the year ended September 30, 2020:
       –     On December 18, 2019, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of SCISYS Group Plc (SCISYS), for a
             purchase price of $130,260,000. Predominantly based in United Kingdom and Germany, SCISYS operates in several
             sectors, with deep expertise and industry leading solutions in the space and defense sectors, as well as in the media
             and broadcast news industries, headquartered in Dublin, Ireland.
       –     On January 20, 2020, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Meti Logiciels et Services SAS (Meti), for
             a purchase price of $43,404,000. Based in France, Meti is specialized in the development of software solutions for the
             retail sector across Europe and works with some of Europe's largest retailers.
       –     On March 31, 2020, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of TeraThink Corporation (TeraThink), for a
             purchase price of $99,388,000. Based in the United States, TeraThink is an information technology and management
             consulting firm providing digitization, enterprise finance, risk management, and data analytics services to the U.S. federal
             government and is headquartered in Reston, Virginia.
The following table presents the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for all acquisitions based on the
acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed:

                                                         SCISYS                       TeraThink                          Other                           Total
                                                                $                              $                              $                              $
Current assets                                           28,461                          14,227                         12,995                        55,683
PP&E (Note 6)                                            16,893                           1,369                            638                        18,900
Right-of-use assets (Note 7)                              3,362                           4,228                          4,269                        11,859
Intangible assets (Note 9)                               16,837                          19,025                         10,661                        46,523
Goodwill1 (Note 12)                                     144,712                          86,642                         37,683                       269,037
Current liabilities                                     (68,254)                        (13,910)                       (14,414)                      (96,578)
Deferred tax liabilities                                 (3,030)                             —                          (1,507)                       (4,537)
Retirement benefits
obligations (Note 17)                                          —                              —                         (1,068)                        (1,068)
Long-term debt                                          (10,880)                         (9,732)                         (122)                       (20,734)
Lease liabilities                                        (4,336)                         (4,935)                       (4,321)                       (13,592)
                                                        123,765                          96,914                        44,814                        265,493
Cash acquired                                             6,495                           2,474                         7,035                         16,004
Net assets acquired                                     130,260                          99,388                        51,849                        281,497


Consideration paid                                      130,260                          99,388                        51,849                        281,497
1
    The goodwill arising from the acquisitions mainly represents the future economic value associated to acquired work force and synergies with the Company’s
    operations. As at September 30, 2020, $32,272,000 of the goodwill is included in the Western and Southern Europe operating segment, $5,411,000 in the Canada
    operating segment, $86,642,000 in the U.S. Federal operating segment, $53,170,000 in the U.K and Australia operating segment and $91,542,000 in the Central
    and Eastern Europe operating segment. The goodwill is only deductible for tax purposes for TeraThink.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                 50
116
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



27. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)
a)   Business acquisitions realized in current fiscal year (continued)
The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for SCISYS, TeraThink and Meti are preliminary and are expected to be
completed as soon as management will have gathered all the information available and considered necessary in order to finalize
this allocation.
For the year ended September 30, 2020, the above significant acquisitions would have contributed approximately $250,000,000
of revenues and individually between 6.0% and 10.5% of earnings before acquisition-related and integration costs, and income
taxes to the financial results of the Company had the acquisition dates been October 1, 2019. These figures are indicative of the
actual contribution when considering the specific dates of acquisition.
With significant strategic consulting, system integration and customer-centric digital innovation capabilities, these acquisitions
were made to complement CGI's proximity model and expertise across key sectors, including communications, retail, space and
defense and government.

b)   Business acquisitions realized in the prior fiscal year
The Company made the following acquisitions during the year ended September 30, 2019:
     –     On October 11, 2018, the Company acquired all outstanding shares of ckc AG (ckc), a specialized provider of agile
           software development and management services, with a focus on the automotive sector, headquartered in Brunswick,
           Germany.
     –     During the year, the Company acquired the control of Acando AB (Acando), a consulting services firm headquartered
           in Stockholm, Sweden, through a step acquisition. In March 2019, the Company acquired 22.6% of the outstanding
           shares of Acando which was accounted for as an investment in an associate using the equity method. On April 16, 2019,
           the Company acquired control of Acando through the acquisition of an additional 71.1% of the outstanding shares under
           a tender offer and by May 14, 2019, an additional 2.4% was acquired. The remaining 3.9% of the outstanding shares,
           which are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet, were acquired on
           October 11, 2019.
     –     On August 30, 2019, the Company acquired all outstanding shares of Annams Systems Corporation d/b/a Sunflower
           Systems (Sunflower), a specialized provider of asset management software, solutions and services, headquartered in
           San Ramon, California.
With strategic consulting, system integration and customer-centric digital innovation capabilities, these acquisitions were made
to complement CGI's proximity model and expertise across key sectors, including manufacturing, retail and government.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                   51
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 117
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



27. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)
b)     Business acquisitions realized in the prior fiscal year (continued)
The following table presents the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for all the above acquisitions based on the
acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. During the year
ended September 30, 2019, the Company finalized the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for ckc. The fair value
of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for Acando and Sunflower were preliminary.

                                                                                                                 Acando                Other                Total
                                                                                                                        $                  $                   $
Current assets                                                                                                  105,298              14,674            119,972
PP&E (Note 6)                                                                                                      6,404              1,271               7,675
Intangible assets (Note 9)                                                                                      102,889               9,855            112,744
Goodwill1                                                                                                       555,921              31,916            587,837
Current liabilities                                                                                            (120,746)            (12,735)          (133,481)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                        (25,966)              (1,324)           (27,290)
Retirement benefits obligations (Note 17)                                                                         (6,550)             (1,444)            (7,994)
Long-term debt                                                                                                    (9,828)                 —              (9,828)
                                                                                                                607,422              42,213            649,635
Cash acquired                                                                                                    16,348               (2,481)            13,867
Net assets acquired                                                                                             623,770              39,732            663,502


Consideration paid                                                                                              599,744              37,738            637,482
Consideration payable                                                                                            24,026               1,994              26,020
1
    The goodwill arising from the acquisitions mainly represents the future economic value associated to acquired work force and synergies with the Company’s
    operations. As at September 30, 2019, $465,209,000 of the goodwill is included in the Scandinavia operating segment, $90,943,000 in the Central and Eastern
    Europe operating segment, $17,730,000 in the Finland, Poland and Baltics operating segment and $13,955,000 in the U.S. Federal operating segment. The goodwill
    is only deductible for tax purposes for Sunflower.

During fiscal year 2019, the Company acquired 96.1% of the outstanding shares of Acando and the remaining 3.9% on October
11, 2019 for $23,123,000. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company finalized the fair value of assets acquired
and liabilities assumed for Acando and Sunflower with no significant adjustments.

c)     Acquisition-related and integration costs
During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company expensed $76,794,000, for acquisition-related and integration costs.
This amount includes acquisition-related costs of $6,545,000, and integration costs of $70,249,000. The acquisition-related costs
consist mainly of professional fees incurred for the acquisitions. The integration costs mainly include terminations of employment
of $49,390,000, accounted for in restructuring provisions, as well as other integration costs of $20,859,000.
During the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company expensed $77,417,000, for acquisition-related and integration costs.
This amount included acquisition-related costs of $1,992,000, and integration costs of $75,425,000. The acquisition-related costs
consist mainly of professional fees incurred for the acquisitions. The integration costs mainly include terminations of employment
of $56,268,000, accounted for in restructuring provisions, as well as other integration costs of $19,157,000.

d) Disposal
There was no significant disposal during the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                   52
118
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



28. Supplementary cash flow information
a) Net change in non-cash working capital items is as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                         2020               2019
                                                                                                            $                  $
 Accounts receivable                                                                                 225,441            205,549
 Work in progress                                                                                     79,809            (161,031)
 Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                                    21,342             (22,238)
 Long-term financial assets                                                                           (12,081)            (3,547)
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                            (106,828)           (54,822)
 Accrued compensation                                                                                 (17,472)           13,112
 Deferred revenue                                                                                     (48,264)           (22,659)
 Provisions                                                                                           76,671                737
 Long-term liabilities                                                                                59,822             19,353
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                                       (4,022)            (2,814)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                        373                (271)
 Income taxes                                                                                         (56,627)           (27,620)
                                                                                                     218,164             (56,251)


b) Non-cash operating and investing activities related to operations are as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                         2020               2019
                                                                                                            $                  $
 Operating activities
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                             4,788            14,573
   Provisions                                                                                             690             2,512
                                                                                                        5,478            17,085
 Investing activities
   Purchase of PP&E                                                                                    (4,698)          (14,913)
   Additions, disposals/retirements and change in estimates and lease modifications of
    right-of-use assets                                                                              (102,584)                —
   Additions to intangible assets                                                                        (780)           (14,267)
                                                                                                     (108,062)           (29,180)




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                  53
                                                                                               FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 119
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



28. Supplementary cash flow information (continued)
c) Changes arising from financing activities are as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                               2020                             2019
                                                                                           Derivative                                       Derivative
                                                                                            financial                                        financial
                                                                                      instruments to                                   instruments to
                                                                      Long-term     hedge long-term           Lease     Long-term    hedge long-term
                                                                           debt                 debt      liabilities        debt                debt
                                                                                $                   $              $            $                    $
Balance, beginning of year                                            2,331,207                (29,894)        —        1,800,893            43,217
Adoption of IFRS 16 (Note 3)                                            (30,339)                    —     911,525              —                 —
Balance as at October 1, 2019                                         2,300,868                (29,894)   911,525       1,800,893            43,217
Cash used in financing activities excluding equity
 Net change in unsecured committed revolving credit
 facility                                                              (334,370)                    —             —      139,575                   —
 Increase of long-term debt                                           1,807,167                     —             —      686,810                   —
  Repayment of long-term debt and lease liabilities                    (106,496)                    —     (175,320)      (355,406)                 —
  Repayment of debt assumed in business acquisitions                     (28,281)                   —             —        (2,141)                 —
  Settlement of derivative financial instruments (Note 32)                    —                 (3,903)           —            —                (554)
Non-cash financing activities
 Additions, disposals/retirements and change in estimates
 and lease modifications of right-of-use assets (New
 obligations under finance leases for 2019)                                   —                     —     102,584         12,095                   —
 Additions through business acquisitions (Note 27)                       19,333                    —       13,592           9,828                 —
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates                             (77,126)               66,031      31,766          25,304            (72,557)
Other                                                                     6,000                    —       (7,777)         14,249                 —
Balance, end of year                                                  3,587,095                32,234     876,370       2,331,207            (29,894)


d) Interest paid and received and income taxes paid are classified within operating activities and are as follows for the years
ended September 30:

                                                                                                                            2020                2019
                                                                                                                               $                    $
 Interest paid                                                                                                           180,453            102,108
 Interest received                                                                                                         5,116              3,080
 Income taxes paid                                                                                                       390,867            386,953


e) Cash and cash equivalents consisted of unrestricted cash as at September 30, 2020 and 2019.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                        54
120
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



29. Segmented information
The following tables present information on the Company's operations based on its revised management structure. Segment
results are based on the location from which the services are delivered - the geographic delivery model. The Company has
retrospectively revised the segmented information for the comparative period to conform to the new segmented information
structure (Note 12).

                                                                                                                                            Year ended September 30, 2020
                                          Western           U.S.                                     Central            Finland,
                                              and    Commercial                                         and              Poland
                                         Southern      and State                 U.S. U.K. and       Eastern                 and            Asia
                                           Europe    Government    Canada     Federal Australia      Europe Scandinavia Baltics           Pacific Eliminations         Total
                                                $             $          $           $          $           $              $         $         $              $            $
    Segment revenue                      1,911,477      1,863,467 1,686,269 1,712,244 1,358,469 1,212,196          1,104,121   777,152 674,946         (136,226) 12,164,115
    Segment earnings before
      acquisition-related and
      integration costs, restructuring
      costs, net finance costs and
      income tax expense1                 264,009        295,795   364,424    221,793     215,924     122,548         57,231   120,959 200,263                —    1,862,946
    Acquisition-related and
      integration costs (Note 27)                                                                                                                                    (76,794)
    Restructuring costs (Note 25)                                                                                                                                   (155,411)
    Net finance costs (Note 26)                                                                                                                                     (114,474)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                                   1,516,267
1
      Total amortization and depreciation of $558,675,000 included in the Western and Southern Europe, U.S. Commercial and State Government, Canada, U.S. Federal, U.K. and
      Australia, Central and Eastern Europe, Scandinavia, Finland, Poland and Baltics and Asia Pacific segments is $64,084,000, $89,150,000, $69,921,000, $47,443,000,
      $68,346,000, $84,592,000, $71,590,000, $39,055,000 and $24,494,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2020. Amortization includes impairments of $14,680,000
      from business solutions and contract costs which are mainly included in U.S. Commercial and State Government for $3,396,000 of business solutions, Canada for $3,589,000
      of business solutions and Finland, Poland and Baltics for $4,065,000 of contract costs and a business solution. These assets were no longer expected to generate future
      economic benefits.



                                                                                                                                             Year ended September 30, 2019
                                          Western           U.S.                                     Central                   Finland,
                                              and    Commercial                                         and                     Poland
                                         Southern      and State                 U.S.    U.K. and    Eastern                        and     Asia
                                           Europe    Government    Canada     Federal    Australia   Europe     Scandinavia     Baltics   Pacific   Eliminations        Total
                                                $             $          $           $          $           $              $         $         $              $            $
    Segment revenue                      2,022,677      1,834,917 1,768,924 1,597,922 1,356,858 1,166,486          1,095,330   787,640 606,252         (125,770) 12,111,236
    Segment earnings before
      acquisition-related and
      integration costs, net finance
      costs and income tax
      expense1                            275,535        333,210   359,089    230,054     185,290     100,244         76,648   118,771 146,154                —    1,824,995
    Acquisition-related and
      integration costs (Note 27)                                                                                                                                    (77,417)
    Net finance costs (Note 26)                                                                                                                                      (70,630)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                                   1,676,948
1
      Total amortization and depreciation of $391,289,000 included in the Western and Southern Europe, U.S. Commercial and State Government, Canada, U.S. Federal, U.K. and
      Australia, Central and Eastern Europe, Scandinavia, Finland, Poland and Baltics and Asia Pacific segments is $42,558,000, $73,647,000, $62,486,000, $27,433,000,
      $67,110,000, $37,314,000, $26,534,000, $38,968,000 and $15,239,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2019.


The accounting policies of each operating segment are the same as those described in Note 3, Summary of significant accounting
policies. Intersegment revenue is priced as if the revenue was from third parties.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                               55
                                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 121
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



29. Segmented information (continued)
GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

The following table provides external revenue information based on the client’s location which is different from the revenue
presented under operating segments, due to the intersegment revenue, for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                                      2020                   2019
                                                                                                                          $                     $
Western and Southern Europe
 France                                                                                                         1,672,355              1,761,861
 Others                                                                                                           239,053                264,252
                                                                                                                1,911,408              2,026,113


U.S.1                                                                                                           3,637,070              3,474,418


Canada                                                                                                          1,820,265              1,881,364


U.K. and Australia
  U.K.                                                                                                          1,508,719              1,480,627
  Australia                                                                                                        63,708                 75,268
                                                                                                                1,572,427              1,555,895


Central and Eastern Europe
  Germany                                                                                                         718,166                655,713
  Netherlands                                                                                                     465,340                463,633
  Others                                                                                                           68,537                 74,271
                                                                                                                1,252,043              1,193,617


Scandinavia
  Sweden                                                                                                          835,682                854,565
  Others                                                                                                          322,711                297,101
                                                                                                                1,158,393              1,151,666


Finland, Poland and Baltics
  Finland                                                                                                         766,732                785,285
  Others                                                                                                           37,269                 37,179
                                                                                                                  804,001                822,464


Asia Pacific
  Others                                                                                                            8,508                  5,699
                                                                                                                    8,508                  5,699
                                                                                                               12,164,115             12,111,236
1
    External revenue included in the U.S Commercial and State Government and U.S. Federal operating segments was $1,902,661,000 and $1,734,409,000,
    respectively in 2020 ($1,853,154,000 and $1,621,264,000, respectively in 2019).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                    56
122
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



29. Segmented information (continued)
GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

The following table provides information for PP&E, right-of-use assets (only as at September 30, 2020), contract costs and
intangible assets based on their location:

                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2020   September 30, 2019
                                                                                                               $                     $

   U.S.                                                                                                  487,698              367,415
   Canada                                                                                                412,469              292,291
   U.K.                                                                                                  138,391              103,803
   France                                                                                                137,307               45,501
   Sweden                                                                                                162,506              125,987
   Finland                                                                                                93,948               46,828
   Germany                                                                                               107,809               47,800
   Netherlands                                                                                            64,551               22,187
   Rest of the world                                                                                     195,970               86,796
                                                                                                       1,800,649            1,138,608


INFORMATION ABOUT SERVICES
The following table provides revenue information based on services provided by the Company for the year ended
September 30:

                                                                                                            2020                  2019
                                                                                                               $                     $
Systems integration and consulting                                                                     5,554,622            5,998,486
Management of IT and business functions                                                                6,609,493            6,112,750
                                                                                                      12,164,115           12,111,236


MAJOR CLIENT INFORMATION
Contracts with the U.S. federal government and its various agencies, included within the U.S. Federal operating segment,
accounted for $1,675,326,000 and 13.8% of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2020 ($1,554,933,000 and 12.8% for
the year ended September 30, 2019).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                         57
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 123
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



30. Related party transactions
a)    Transactions with subsidiaries and other related parties
Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation. The Company
owns 100% of the equity interests of its principal subsidiaries.
The Company’s principal subsidiaries whose revenues, based on the geographic delivery model, represent more than 3% of the
consolidated revenues are as follows:

 Name of subsidiary                                                                                  Country of incorporation
CGI Technologies and Solutions Inc.                                                                           United States
CGI France SAS                                                                                                       France
CGI Federal Inc.                                                                                              United States
CGI IT UK Limited                                                                                           United Kingdom
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc.                                                             Canada
Conseillers en gestion et informatique CGI Inc.                                                                     Canada
CGI Sverige AB                                                                                                     Sweden
CGI Deutschland B.V. & Co KG                                                                                      Germany
CGI Suomi Oy                                                                                                        Finland
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Private Limited                                                     India
CGI Nederland BV                                                                                                Netherlands


b)    Compensation of key management personnel
Compensation of key management personnel, currently defined as the executive officers and the Board of Directors of the
Company, was as follows for the year ended September 30:

                                                                                                  2020                  2019
                                                                                                     $                      $

 Short-term employee benefits                                                                   14,462               22,185
 Share-based payments                                                                           22,122               23,991




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                               58
124
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



31. Commitments, contingencies and guarantees
a)   Commitments
As at September 30, 2020, the Company entered into long-term service agreements representing a total commitment of
$235,781,000. Minimum payments under these agreements are due as follows:

                                                                                                                                    $
 Less than one year                                                                                                          124,776
 Between one and three years                                                                                                 110,790
 Between three and five years                                                                                                    215


b)   Contingencies
From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, litigation and claims which primarily relate to tax exposure,
contractual disputes and employee claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Certain of these matters seek damages
in significant amounts and will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Although the outcome
of such matters is not predictable with assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the disposition of any such current
matter could reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations
or the ability to carry on any of its business activities. Claims for which there is a probable unfavourable outcome are recorded
in provisions.
In addition, the Company is engaged to provide services under contracts with various government agencies. Some of these
contracts are subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements and, from time to time, government agencies investigate
whether the Company’s operations are being conducted in accordance with these requirements. Generally, the governments
agencies have the right to change the scope of, or terminate, these projects at its convenience. The termination or reduction in
the scope of a major government contract or project could have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations and the
financial condition of the Company.

c)   Guarantees
Sale of assets and business divestitures
In connection with the sale of assets and business divestitures, the Company may be required to pay counterparties for costs
and losses incurred as the result of breaches in contractual obligations, representations and warranties, intellectual property right
infringement and litigation against counterparties, among others. While some of the agreements specify a maximum potential
exposure, others do not specify a maximum amount or limited period. It is not possible to reasonably estimate the maximum
amount that may have to be paid under such guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon the outcome of future contingent
events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. No amount has been accrued in the consolidated
balance sheets relating to this type of indemnification as at September 30, 2020. The Company does not expect to incur any
potential payment in connection with these guarantees that could have a materially adverse effect on its consolidated financial
statements.
Other transactions
In the normal course of business, the Company may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and
performance bonds. In general, the Company would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if the Company refuses to
perform the project once the bid is awarded. The Company would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of default
in the performance of its obligations. As at September 30, 2020, the Company had committed a total of $32,130,000 of these
bonds. To the best of its knowledge, the Company is in compliance with its performance obligations under all service contracts
for which there is a bid or performance bond, and the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these guarantees, would
not have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
Moreover, the Company has letters of credit for a total of $76,795,000 in addition to the letters of credit covered by the unsecured
committed revolving credit facility (Note 14). These guarantees are required in some of the Company’s contracts with customers.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                       59
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 125
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



32. Financial instruments
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date.
Valuation techniques used to value financial instruments are as follows:

      -    The fair value of Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes, the unsecured committed revolving credit facility, the unsecured
           committed term loan credit facilities and the other long-term debt is estimated by discounting expected cash flows at
           rates currently offered to the Company for debts of the same remaining maturities and conditions;

      -    The fair value of long-term bonds included in funds held for clients and in long-term investments is determined by
           discounting the future cash flows using observable inputs, such as interest rate yield curves or credit spreads, or according
           to similar transactions on an arm's-length basis;

      -    The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the end of the reporting
           period;

      -    The fair value of cross-currency swaps and interest rate swaps is determined based on market data (primarily yield
           curves, exchange rates and interest rates) to calculate the present value of all estimated cash flows;

      -    The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is determined using observable quotes; and

      -    The fair value of deferred compensation plan assets within long-term financial assets is based on observable price
           quotations and net assets values at the reporting date.
As at September 30, 2020, there were no changes in valuation techniques.
The following table presents the financial liabilities included in the long-term debt (Note 14) measured at amortized cost categorized
using the fair value hierarchy.


                                                                                       As at September 30, 2020             As at September 30, 2019
                                                               Level        Carrying amount          Fair value   Carrying amount         Fair value
                                                                                               $             $                 $                  $
      Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes                     Level 2            1,211,965         1,297,632         1,256,554          1,330,809
      Obligations under finance leases                         Level 2                   —                 —             30,339             29,792
      Other long-term debt                                     Level 2               44,842            43,536            48,005             46,743
                                                                                  1,256,807         1,341,168         1,334,898          1,407,344

For the remaining financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost, the carrying values approximate the fair values of
the financial instruments given their short term maturity.
During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company entered into the 2020 Term Loan for a total principal amount of U.S.
$1,250,000,000. The 2020 Term Loan was designated as a hedge of a portion of the Company’s net investment in its U.S.
operations.  




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                      60
126
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



32. Financial instruments (continued)
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)
The following table presents financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value categorized using the fair value hierarchy:


                                                                                Level          As at September 30, 2020   As at September 30, 2019
                                                                                                                     $                          $
 Financial assets
  FVTE
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                  Level 2                     1,707,985                    213,831
     Deferred compensation plan assets (Note 11)                                Level 1                        73,156                     62,627
                                                                                                            1,781,141                    276,458
  Derivative financial instruments designated as
    hedging instruments
     Current derivative financial instruments included in current
     financial assets                                                           Level 2
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                       —                       4,243
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                     17,027                    25,799
      Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 11)                      Level 2
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                   25,362                    45,193
          Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                     8,636                    25,069
          Interest rate swaps                                                                                    6,180                     1,380
                                                                                                                57,205                   101,684
  FVOCI
    Short-term investments included in current financial assets                 Level 2                         1,473                      9,889
    Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients (Note 5)                 Level 2                       148,470                    180,289
    Long-term investments (Note 11)                                             Level 2                        22,612                     24,596
                                                                                                              172,555                    214,774
 Financial liabilities
   Derivative financial instruments designated as
     hedging instruments
     Current derivative financial instruments                                   Level 2
          Cross-currency swaps                                                                                   5,320                      2,982
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                      3,008                      1,920
      Long-term derivative financial instruments                                Level 2
          Cross-currency swaps                                                                                  52,275                    16,560
          Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                     4,347                      1,762
                                                                                                                64,950                    23,224

There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                    61
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 127
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



32. Financial instruments (continued)
MARKET RISK
Market risk incorporates a range of risks. Movements in risk factors, such as interest rate risk and currency risk, affect the fair
values of financial assets and liabilities.
Interest rate risk
The Company has interest rate swaps whereby the Company receives a fixed rate of interest and pays interest at a variable rate
of its Senior U.S. unsecured note. These swaps are being used to hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of the debt.
The following table summarizes the fair value of theses swaps:

                                                                                                                        As at                  As at
                                                                                                           September 30, 2020    September 30, 2019
Interest rate swaps              Notional amount      Receive Rate            Pay Rate          Maturity            Fair value            Fair value
                                                                                                                            $                     $

                                                             4.99% LIBOR +
Fair value hedges of Senior                                              1 month
                                   U.S.$250,000                                           December 2021                6,180                  1,380
 U.S. unsecured note                                                       3.26%


Senior U.S. unsecured note with a carrying value of $339,682,000, includes an accumulated amount of fair value hedge
adjustments of $6,470,000 as at September 30, 2020.
In addition, the Company designates cross-currency interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges for changes in both interest rates
and foreign exchange rates of foreign currency denominated long-term debt as described below.
The Company is also exposed to interest rate risk on its unsecured committed revolving credit facility and on its 2020 Term Loan.
The Company analyzes its interest rate risk exposure on an ongoing basis using various scenarios to simulate refinancing or the
renewal of existing positions. Based on these scenarios, a change in the interest rate of 1% would not have had a significant
impact on net earnings.
Currency risk
The Company operates internationally and is exposed to risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company
mitigates this risk principally through foreign currency denominated debt and derivative financial instruments, which includes
foreign currency forward contracts and cross-currency swaps.
The Company hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its U.S. and European operations into
Canadian dollar, with Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes and the 2020 Term Loan. As of September 30, 2020, the Senior U.S.
and euro unsecured notes and the 2020 Term Loan of a carrying value of $2,316,639,000 and a nominal amount of $2,311,425,000
have been designated as hedging instruments to hedge portions of the Company’s net investments in its U.S. and European
operations.
The Company also hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its European operations with cross-
currency swaps.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                      62
128
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



32. Financial instruments (continued)
MARKET RISK (CONTINUED)
Currency risk (continued)
The following tables summarize the cross-currency swap agreements that the Company had entered into in order to manage its
currency:


                                                                                                                            As at               As at
                                                                                                               September 30, 2020 September 30, 2019


Receive Notional              Receive Rate Pay Notional                        Pay rate             Maturity          Fair value              Fair value
                                                                                                                                  $                    $
    Hedges of net investments in European operations
                                                                                           From September
            $374,200 From 3.40% to 3.81%            €240,800 From 2.10% to 2.51%              2021 to 2024                   189                 19,305

            $136,274 From 3.57% to 3.63%              £75,842 From 2.67% to 2.80%          September 2024                  8,977                 12,511

             $58,419 From 3.57% to 3.68%          Skr371,900 From 2.12% to 2.18%           September 2024                  5,359                  7,995
    Hedges of net investments in European operations and cash flow hedges on unsecured committed term loan credit facility
                           LIBOR 1 month +
     U.S.$500,000                   1.00%           €443,381 From 1.13% to 1.17%               December 2023             (45,599)                 (3,627)
    Cash flow hedges of Senior U.S. unsecured notes
                                                                                           From September
     U.S.$420,000 From 3.74% to 4.06%               $568,893 From 3.40% to 3.81%              2021 to 2024                 (1,159)                (6,290)

     Total                                                                                                               (32,233)                29,894

During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company settled cross-currency swaps with a notional amount of $69,300,000
for a net amount of $3,903,000. The related amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income will be transferred
to earnings when the net investment is disposed of.
The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in various foreign currency exchange rates
on future revenues. Hedging relationships are designated and documented at inception and quarterly effectiveness assessments
are performed during the year.
As at September 30, 2020, the Company held foreign currency forward contracts to hedge exposures to changes in foreign
currency, which have the following notional, average contract rates and maturities:

                                                                                                                        As at                       As at
                                                                       Average contract rates              September 30, 2020         September 30, 2019
Foreign currency forward contracts                 Notional    Less than one year    More than one year              Fair value                Fair value
                                                                                                                             $                        $
    USD/INR                                  U.S.$146,778                   75.30                  80.89                 2,473                    1,498
    CAD/INR                                      $288,942                   57.94                  61.59                 6,196                   11,687
    EUR/INR                                      €107,190                   91.92                  95.77                 4,731                   14,985
    GBP/INR                                       £86,833                  100.26                 105.18                 4,522                   11,929
    SEK/INR                                    Skr248,637                    8.61                   8.79                   477                    3,945
    EUR/GBP                                       €39,291                    0.90                   0.90                (1,210)                    (311)
    EUR/MAD                                       €47,010                   11.60                  11.46                 2,534                    4,416
    EUR/CZK                                       €27,456                   26.09                  26.69                (1,039)                     243
    EUR/SEK                                       €30,773                   10.45                  10.70                   120                   (1,828)
    Others                                        $74,054                                                                 (496)                     622
    Total                                                                                                               18,308                   47,186




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                           63
                                                                                                                   FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 129
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



32. Financial instruments (continued)
MARKET RISK (CONTINUED)
Currency risk (continued)
The following table details the Company's sensitivity to a 10% strengthening of the Swedish krona, the U.S. dollar, the euro and
the British pound foreign currency rates on net earnings and comprehensive income. The sensitivity analysis on net earnings
presents the impact of foreign currency denominated financial instruments and adjusts their translation at period end for a 10%
strengthening in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis on other comprehensive income presents the impact of a 10%
strengthening in foreign currency rates on the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges
and on net investment hedges.

                                                                                       2020                                                2019

                                                                                     British                                              British
                                      Swedish        U.S. dollar         euro         pound        Swedish    U.S. dollar       euro      pound
                                  krona impact          impact         impact        impact    krona impact      impact       impact     impact
                                              $               $             $              $             $             $           $           $
Increase in net
  earnings                                 317            1,215          190            931            875        2,333         167      2,166
 Decrease in other
  comprehensive income
   (loss)                              (11,047)       (233,182)     (116,136)       (29,080)        (7,724)    (65,034)     (109,838)   (24,736)


LIQUIDITY RISK
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company is not able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or can do so only at excessive
cost. The Company’s activities are financed through a combination of the cash flows from operations, borrowing under existing
unsecured committed revolving credit facility, the issuance of debt and the issuance of equity. One of management’s primary
goals is to maintain an optimal level of liquidity through the active management of the assets and liabilities as well as the cash
flows. The Company regularly monitors its cash forecasts to ensure it has sufficient flexibility under its available liquidity to meet
its obligations.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                  64
130
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



32. Financial instruments (continued)
LIQUIDITY RISK (CONTINUED)
The following tables summarize the carrying amount and the contractual maturities of both the interest and principal portion of
financial liabilities. All amounts contractually denominated in foreign currency are presented in Canadian dollar equivalent amounts
using the period-end spot rate or floating rate.

                                                                                                           Between one         Between
                                                            Carrying     Contractual       Less than                and   three and five      Beyond
As at September 30, 2020                                     amount       cash flows        one year        three years           years    five years
                                                                   $               $               $                 $                 $            $
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                1,025,963        1,025,963       1,025,963                —                —            —
   Accrued compensation                                     672,775          672,775           672,775              —                —            —
   Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes                   1,211,965        1,325,791           321,089         519,605         485,097            —
   Unsecured committed term loan credit
    facilities                                            2,330,288        2,400,927            35,869       1,696,940         668,118            —
   Lease liabilities                                        876,370        1,002,493           207,617         325,964         229,871      239,041
   Other long-term debt                                      44,842           45,221            38,240           5,387           1,587            7
   Clients’ funds obligations                               720,322          720,322           720,322              —                —            —
 Derivative financial liabilities
  Cash flow hedges of future revenue                           6,694
      Outflow                                                                290,661            108,478        163,183           19,000           —
      (Inflow)                                                              (299,279)          (107,621)      (169,846)         (21,812)          —
  Cross-currency swaps                                       57,595
      Outflow                                                              1,272,197           315,839         168,458         787,900            —
      (Inflow)                                                            (1,232,774)          (311,715)      (163,025)       (758,034)           —
   Non deliverable forwards                                      661
      Outflow                                                                    661               661              —                —            —
                                                          6,947,475        7,224,958       3,027,517         2,546,666       1,411,727      239,048


                                                                                                           Between one         Between
                                                            Carrying      Contractual Less than one                and    three and five      Beyond
As at September 30, 2019                                     amount        cash flows          year         three years           years    five years
                                                                   $                $             $                  $                 $            $
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities               1,108,895        1,108,895       1,108,895                —                —            —
  Accrued compensation                                      642,897          642,897           642,897              —               —            —
  Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes                    1,256,554        1,425,138           116,613         738,987         569,538           —
  Unsecured committed revolving credit facility             334,370          378,298            10,493          20,986         346,819           —
  Unsecured committed term loan credit facility             661,939          747,921            19,677          40,804         687,440           —
  Obligations other than finance leases                      14,295           14,609            10,938           3,558             113           —
  Obligations under finance leases                           30,339           31,245            14,534          16,172             539           —
  Other long-term debt                                       33,710           34,181            22,719           8,885           1,986          591
  Clients’ funds obligations                                366,796          366,796           366,796              —               —            —
 Derivative financial liabilities
  Cash flow hedges of future revenue                           3,682
      Outflow                                                                224,440             97,993        126,447               —            —
      (Inflow)                                                              (228,672)           (97,250)      (131,422)              —            —
  Cross-currency swaps                                       19,542
      Outflow                                                              1,160,635          91,857           250,763         818,015           —
      (Inflow)                                                            (1,218,430)       (101,823)         (267,794)       (848,813)          —
                                                          4,473,019        4,687,953       2,304,339           807,386       1,575,637          591




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                       65
                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 131
Consolidated financial statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



32. Financial instruments (continued)
LIQUIDITY RISK (CONTINUED)
As at September 30, 2020, the Company held cash and cash equivalents, funds held for clients, short-term investments and
long-term investments of $2,457,248,000 ($616,428,000 as at September 30, 2019). The Company also had available
$1,490,301,000 in unsecured committed revolving credit facility ($1,155,369,000 as at September 30, 2019). As at September 30,
2020, trade accounts receivable amounted to $904,887,000 (Note 4) ($979,728,000 as at September 30, 2019). Given the
Company’s available liquid resources as compared to the timing of the payments of liabilities, management assesses the
Company’s liquidity risk to be low.

CREDIT RISK
The Company takes on exposure to credit risk, which is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to pay amounts in full when
due. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash
equivalents, accounts receivable, work in progress, long-term investments and derivative financial instruments with a positive
fair value. The maximum exposure of credit risk is generally represented by the carrying amount of these items reported on the
consolidated balance sheets.
The Company is exposed to credit risk in connection with long-term investments through the possible inability of borrowers to
meet the terms of their obligations. The Company mitigates this risk by investing primarily in high credit quality corporate and
government bonds with a credit rating of A- or higher. The application of the low credit exemption had no material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial statements.
The Company has accounts receivable derived from clients engaged in various industries including government; manufacturing,
retail & distribution; financial services; communications & utilities; and health that are not concentrated in any specific geographic
area. These specific industries may be affected by economic factors that may impact trade accounts receivable. However,
management does not believe that the Company is subject to any significant credit risk in view of the Company’s large and
diversified client base and that any single industry or geographic region represents a significant credit risk to the Company.
Historically, the Company has not made any significant write-offs and had low bad debt ratios. The application of the simplified
approach to measure expected credit losses for trade accounts receivable and work in progress had no material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial statements.

The following table sets forth details of the age of trade accounts receivable that are past due:

                                                                                                     2020                       2019
                                                                                                        $                           $
Not past due                                                                                      775,975                    793,387
Past due 1-30 days                                                                                  44,278                    96,106
Past due 31-60 days                                                                                 29,948                    23,125
Past due 61-90 days                                                                                  6,407                    17,392
Past due more than 90 days                                                                          53,546                    54,192
                                                                                                  910,154                    984,202
Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                     (5,267)                    (4,474)
                                                                                                  904,887                    979,728

In addition, the exposure to credit risk of cash and cash equivalents and derivatives financial instruments is limited given that the
Company deals mainly with a diverse group of high-grade financial institutions and that derivatives agreements are generally
subject to master netting agreements, such as the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, which provide for net
settlement of all outstanding contracts with the counterparty in case of an event of default.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                       66
132
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)



33. Capital risk management
The Company is exposed to risks of varying degrees of significance which could affect its ability to achieve its strategic objectives
for growth. The main objectives of the Company’s risk management process are to ensure that risks are properly identified and
that the capital base is adequate in relation to these risks.
The Company manages its capital to ensure that there are adequate capital resources while maximizing the return to shareholders
through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. As at September 30, 2020, total managed capital was $13,459,695,000
($9,463,626,000 as at September 30, 2019). Managed capital consists of long-term debt, including the current portion (Note 14),
lease liabilities, cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, long-term investments (Note 11) and shareholders’ equity.
The basis for the Company’s capital structure is dependent on the Company’s expected business growth and changes in the
business environment. When capital needs have been specified, the Company’s management proposes capital transactions for
the approval of the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee and Board of Directors. The capital risk policy remains
unchanged from prior periods.
The Company monitors its capital by reviewing various financial metrics, including the following:

       -     Net Debt/Capitalization

       -     Debt/EBITDA
Net debt, capitalization and EBITDA are additional measures. Net debt represents debt (including the current portion and the fair
value of foreign currency derivative financial instruments related to debt) less cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments
and long-term investments. Capitalization is shareholders’ equity plus debt. EBITDA is calculated as earnings from continuing
operations before finance costs, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, restructuring costs and acquisition-related and
integration costs. The Company believes that the results of the current internal ratios are consistent with its capital management
credit facility and unsecured committed revolving credit facilities. The ratios are as follows:

       -     Leverage ratios, which are the ratio of total debt to EBITDA for its Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes and the ratio
             of total debt net of cash and cash equivalent investments to EBITDA for its unsecured committed revolving credit facility
             and unsecured committed term loan credit facilities for the four most recent quarters1.

       -     An interest and rent coverage ratio, which is the ratio of the EBITDAR for the four most recent quarters to the total finance
             costs and the operating rentals in the same periods. EBITDAR is calculated as EBITDA before rent expense1.

       -     In the case of the Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes, a minimum net worth is required, whereby shareholders’ equity,
             excluding foreign exchange translation adjustments included in accumulated other comprehensive income, cannot be
             less than a specified threshold.
These ratios are calculated on a consolidated basis.
The Company is in compliance with these covenants and monitors them on an ongoing basis. The ratios are also reviewed
quarterly by the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee. The Company is not subject to any other externally imposed
capital requirements.


1
    In the event of an acquisition, the available historical financial information of the acquired company will be used in the computation of the ratios.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019                                                                67
                                                                                                                                FISCAL 2020 RESULTS — 133
Shareholder Information


Shareholder information listing                                          Transfer agent
IPO: 1986                                                                Computershare Trust Company of Canada
Toronto Stock Exchange, April 1992: GIB.A                                100 University Avenue, 8th floor
New York Stock Exchange, October 1998: GIB                               Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1
Number of shares outstanding as of September 30, 2020:                   Telephone: 1 800 564-6253
230,690,875 Class A subordinate voting shares                            www.investorcentre.com/service
28,945,706 Class B shares
                                                                         Investor relations
High/Low of share price from October 1, 2019
                                                                         For further information about the Company, additional copies of this
to September 30, 2020:
                                                                         report, or other financial information, please contact:
                                 TSX (CDN$)               NYSE (U.S.$)
                                                                         CGI Inc.
High:                             114.49                      87.13      Investor Relations
Low:                               67.23                      46.32      Email: ir@cgi.com
                                                                         Web: cgi.com/investors
                                                                         1350 René-Lévesque Blvd West,
                                                                         15th floor
The certifications required by National Instrument 52-109
                                                                         Montréal, Quebec H3G 1T4
Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings
                                                                         Canada
whereby CGI’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                         Tel.: 514-841-3200
certify the accuracy of the information contained in CGI’s Annual
Information Form, Annual Audited Consolidated Financial                  Annual general meeting of shareholders
Statements, and Annual Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                                                                         The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders will be conducted online
are available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’ website
                                                                         on January 27, 2021, at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Standard Time) via live
at www.sedar.com. Similar certifications required by Rule 13a-14(a)
                                                                         audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CGI2020.
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 302 of the
                                                                         This year, shareholders will not be able to attend the Meeting in
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are attached as exhibits to our
                                                                         person, but will have the opportunity to participate in real time
Form 40-F, which is available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.
                                                                         and vote at the Meeting online in the manner set forth in CGI’s
The certification required by Section 303A.12(c) of the NYSE
                                                                         Management Proxy Circular, through a web-based platform,
Listed Company Manual is also filed annually with the New York
                                                                         regardless of their geographic location.
Stock Exchange. CGI’s corporate governance practices conform
to those followed by U.S. domestic companies under New York
Stock Exchange listing standards. A summary of these
practices is provided in the report of the Corporate Governance
Committee contained in CGI’s Management Proxy Circular,
which is available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’
website at www.sedar.com, on EDGAR at www.edgar.com
and on CGI’s website at www.cgi.com.

Auditors
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP




134
About us
At CGI, we are insights-driven and outcomes-based to help
clients accelerate returns on investments.
We provide comprehensive, scalable, and sustainable IT
and business consulting services that are informed globally
and delivered locally.



17               industry sectors


400+             locations worldwide


76K              consultants and professionals




© CGI Inc.
