Fiscal 2023
results
Contents   1		 Management’s Discussion
               and Analysis

           68		 Management’s and
                Auditors’ Reports

           73		 Consolidated
                Financial Statements

           134 Shareholder Information
Management’s Discussion and Analysis       | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
November 8, 2023
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the Financial Position and Results of Operations (MD&A) is a responsibility of
management and has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. This MD&A has been prepared in accordance
with the rules and regulations of the Canadian Securities Administrators. The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for
reviewing and approving the MD&A. The Board of Directors carries out this responsibility mainly through its Audit and Risk
Management Committee, which is appointed by the Board of Directors and is comprised entirely of independent and financially
literate directors.

Throughout this document, CGI Inc. is referred to as “CGI”, “we”, “us”, “our” or “Company”. This MD&A provides information
management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated results of operations and financial
condition of the Company. This document should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. CGI’s accounting policies are in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). All
dollar amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted.

MATERIALITY OF DISCLOSURES
This MD&A includes information we believe is material to investors. We consider something to be material if it results in, or
would reasonably be expected to result in, a significant change in the market price or value of our shares, or if it is likely that a
reasonable investor would consider the information to be important in making an investment decision.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This MD&A contains “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities laws and “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other applicable
United States safe harbours. All such forward-looking information and statements are made and disclosed in reliance upon the
safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian and United States securities laws. Forward-looking information and statements
include all information and statements regarding CGI’s intentions, plans, expectations, beliefs, objectives, future performance,
and strategy, as well as any other information or statements that relate to future events or circumstances and which do not
directly and exclusively relate to historical facts. Forward-looking information and statements often but not always use words
such as “believe”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “anticipate”, “foresee”, “plan”, “predict”, “project”, “aim”, “seek”, “strive”,
“potential”, “continue”, “target”, “may”, “might”, “could”, “should”, and similar expressions and variations thereof. These
information and statements are based on our perception of historic trends, current conditions and expected future
developments, as well as other assumptions, both general and specific, that we believe are appropriate in the circumstances.
Such information and statements are, however, by their very nature, subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, of which many
are beyond the control of the Company, and which give rise to the possibility that actual results could differ materially from our
expectations expressed in, or implied by, such forward-looking information or forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include but are not restricted to: risks related to the market such as the level of business activity of our clients,
which is affected by economic and political conditions, additional external risks (such as pandemics, armed conflict, climate-
related issues and inflation) and our ability to negotiate new contracts; risks related to our industry such as competition and our
ability to develop and expand our services, to penetrate new markets, and to protect our intellectual property rights; risks
related to our business such as risks associated with our growth strategy, including the integration of new operations, financial
and operational risks inherent in worldwide operations, foreign exchange risks, income tax laws and other tax programs, the
termination, modification, delay or suspension of our contractual agreements, our expectations regarding future revenue
resulting from bookings and backlog, our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, to negotiate favourable contractual
terms, to deliver our services and to collect receivables, to disclose, manage and implement environmental, social and
governance (ESG) initiatives and standards, and to achieve ESG commitments and targets, including without limitation, our
commitment to net-zero carbon emissions by 2030, as well as the reputational and financial risks attendant to cybersecurity
breaches and other incidents, and financial risks such as liquidity needs and requirements, maintenance of financial ratios,
interest rate fluctuations and the discontinuation of major interest rate benchmarks and changes in creditworthiness and credit



© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page      1
2 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




ratings; as well as other risks identified or incorporated by reference in this MD&A and in other documents that we make
public, including our filings with the Canadian Securities Administrators (on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca) and the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (on EDGAR at www.sec.gov). Unless otherwise stated, the forward-looking information
and statements contained in this MD&A are made as of the date hereof and CGI disclaims any intention or obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking information or forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. While we believe that our assumptions on which
these forward-looking information and forward-looking statements are based were reasonable as at the date of this MD&A,
readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking information or statements. Furthermore, readers
are reminded that forward-looking information and statements are presented for the sole purpose of assisting investors and
others in understanding our objectives, strategic priorities and business outlook as well as our anticipated operating
environment. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes. Further information on
the risks that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from our current expectations may be found in section 10 -
Risk Environment, which is incorporated by reference in this cautionary statement. We also caution readers that the risks
described in the previously mentioned section and in other sections of this MD&A are not the only ones that could affect us.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a
material adverse effect on our financial position, financial performance, cash flows, business or reputation.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page      2
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 3
Management’s Discussion and Analysis   | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



KEY PERFORMANCE MEASURES
The reader should note that the Company reports its financial results in accordance with IFRS. However, we use a
combination of GAAP, non-GAAP and supplementary financial measures and ratios to assess the Company’s performance.
The non-GAAP measures used in this MD&A do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and are therefore
unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. These measures should be considered as
supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS.

The table below summarizes our most relevant key performance measures :

 Growth            Revenue prior to foreign currency impact (non-GAAP) – is a measure of revenue before foreign
                   currency translation impacts. This is calculated by translating current period results in local currency
                   using the conversion rates in the equivalent period from the prior year. Given that we have a strong
                   presence globally and are affected by most major international currencies, management believes that it is
                   helpful to adjust revenue to exclude the impact of currency fluctuations to facilitate period-to-period
                   comparisons of business performance and that this measure is useful for investors for the same reason.
                   A reconciliation of the revenue prior to foreign currency impact to its closest IFRS measure can be found
                   in sections 3.4. and 5.4. of the present document.
                   Constant currency revenue growth (non-GAAP) – is a measure of revenue growth before foreign
                   currency translation impacts. This is calculated by translating current period results in local currency
                   using the conversion rates in the equivalent period from the prior year. Management believes its use of
                   this measure is helpful for investors to facilitate period-to-period comparisons of our business growth.
                   Bookings – are new binding contractual agreements including wins, extensions and renewals. In
                   addition, our bookings are comprised of committed spend and estimates from management that are
                   subject to change, including demand-driven usage, such as volume based and time and material
                   contracts, as well as price indexation and options years and services. Management evaluates factors
                   such as prices and past history to support its estimates. Management believes that it is a key indicator of
                   the volume of our business over time and potential future revenue and that it is useful trend information
                   to investors for the same reason. Information regarding our bookings is not comparable to, nor should it
                   be substituted for, an analysis of our revenue. Additional information on bookings can be found in
                   sections 3.1. and 5.1. of the present document.
                   Backlog – includes bookings, backlog acquired through business acquisitions, backlog consumed during
                   the period as a result of client work performed as well as the impact of foreign currencies to our existing
                   contracts. Backlog incorporates estimates from management that are subject to change and are mainly
                   driven from bookings. Backlog is reduced when a client decision which decreases contractual
                   commitment such as through contract cancellation. Management tracks this measure as it is a key
                   indicator of our best estimate of contracted revenue to be realized in the future and believes that this
                   measure is useful trend information to investors for the same reason.
                   Book-to-bill ratio – is a measure of the proportion of the value of our bookings to our revenue in the
                   quarter. This metric allows management to monitor the Company’s business development efforts during
                   the quarter to ensure we grow our backlog and our business over time and management believes that
                   this measure is useful for investors for the same reason.
                   Book-to-bill ratio trailing twelve months – is a measure of the proportion of the value of our bookings
                   to our revenue over the last trailing twelve-month period as management believes that monitoring the
                   Company's bookings over a longer period is a more representative measure as the services and contract
                   type, size and timing of bookings could cause this measurement to fluctuate significantly if taken for only
                   a three-month period and as such is useful for investors for the same reason. Management's objective is
                   to maintain a target ratio greater than 100% over a trailing twelve-month period.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                        Page      3
4 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




 Profitability    Specific items – includes cost optimization program and acquisition-related and integration costs. Cost
                  optimization program mainly includes cost related to vacated leased premises and termination of
                  employment. Acquisition-related costs mainly include third-party professional fees incurred to close
                  acquisitions. Integration costs are mainly comprised of expenses due to redundancy of employment and
                  contractual agreements, cancellation of acquired leased premises and costs related to the integration
                  towards the CGI operating model such as training activities.
                  Earnings before income taxes – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders before income
                  taxes.
                  Earnings before income taxes margin – is obtained by dividing our earnings before income taxes by
                  our revenues. Management believes a percentage of revenue measure is meaningful for better
                  comparability from period-to-period.
                  Adjusted EBIT (non-GAAP) – is a measure of earnings excluding specific items, net finance costs and
                  income tax expense. Management believes its use of this measure which excludes items that are non-
                  related to day-to-day operations, such as the impact of specific items, capital structure and income taxes,
                  is helpful to investors to better evaluate the Company's core operating performance. This measure also
                  allows for better comparability from period-to-period and trend analysis. A reconciliation of the adjusted
                  EBIT to its closest IFRS measure can be found in sections 3.7. and 5.6. of the present document.
                  Adjusted EBIT margin (non-GAAP) – is obtained by dividing our adjusted EBIT by our revenues.
                  Management believes its use of this measure which evaluates our core operating performance before
                  specific items, capital structure and income taxes when compared to the growth of our revenues is
                  relevant to investors for better comparability from period-to-period. This measure demonstrates the
                  Company's ability to grow in a cost-effective manner, executing on our Build and Buy strategy. A
                  reconciliation of the adjusted EBIT to its closest IFRS measure can be found in sections 3.7. and 5.6. of
                  the present document.
                  Net earnings – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders.
                  Net earnings margin – is obtained by dividing our net earnings by our revenues. Management believes
                  a percentage of revenue measure is meaningful for better comparability from period-to-period.
                  Diluted earnings per share (diluted EPS) – is a measure of net earnings generated for shareholders on
                  a per share basis, assuming all dilutive elements are exercised. Please refer to note 21 of our audited
                  consolidated financial statements for additional information on earnings per share.
                  Net earnings excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is a measure of net earnings excluding the cost
                  optimization program and acquisition-related and integration costs. Management believes its use of this
                  measure best demonstrates to investors the net earnings generated from our day-to-day operations by
                  excluding specific items, for better comparability from period-to-period. A reconciliation of the net
                  earnings excluding specific items to its closest IFRS measure can be found in sections 3.8.3. and 5.6.1.
                  of the present document.
                  Net earnings margin excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is obtained by dividing our net earnings
                  excluding specific items by our revenues. Management believes its use of this measure which evaluates
                  our core operating performance when compared to the growth of our revenues is relevant to investors to
                  assess their returns and for better comparability from period-to-period. This measure demonstrates the
                  Company's ability to grow in a cost-effective manner, executing on our Build and Buy strategy. A
                  reconciliation of the net earnings excluding specific items to its closest IFRS measure can be found in
                  sections 3.8.3. and 5.6.1. of the present document.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                       Page      4
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 5
Management’s Discussion and Analysis      | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



                     Diluted earnings per share excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is defined as the net earnings
                     excluding specific items on a per share basis. Management believes its use of this measure is useful for
                     investors as excluding specific items best reflects the Company's ongoing operating performance on a
                     per share basis and allows for better comparability from period-to-period. The diluted earnings per share
                     reported in accordance with IFRS can be found in sections 3.8. and 5.6. of the present document while
                     the basic and diluted earnings per share excluding specific items can be found in sections 3.8.3. and
                     5.6.1. of the present document.
                     Effective tax rate excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is obtained by dividing our income tax
                     expense by earnings before income taxes, before specific items. Management uses this measure to
                     analyze the impact of changes in income tax rate and profitability mix from day-to-day operations on its
                     effective tax rate and is useful for investors for the same reason. A reconciliation of the effective tax rate
                     excluding specific items to its closest IFRS measure can be found in sections 3.8.3. and 5.6.1. of the
                     present document.
 Liquidity           Cash provided by operating activities – is a measure of cash generated from managing our day-to-
                     day business operations. Management believes strong operating cash flow is indicative of financial
                     flexibility, allowing us to execute the Company's strategy.
                     Cash provided by operating activities as a percentage of revenue – is obtained by dividing our cash
                     provided by operating activities by our revenues. Management believes strong operating cash flow
                     compared to our revenues is a key indicator of our financial flexibility to execute the Company's growth
                     strategy.
                     Days sales outstanding (DSO) – is the average number of days needed to convert our trade
                     receivables and work in progress into cash. DSO is obtained by subtracting deferred revenue from trade
                     accounts receivable and work in progress; the result is divided by our most recent quarter’s revenue over
                     90 days. Management tracks this metric closely to ensure timely collection and healthy liquidity.
                     Management believes that this measure is useful for investors as it demonstrates the Company's ability
                     to timely convert its trade receivables and work in progress into cash.
 Capital Structure Net debt (non-GAAP) – is obtained by subtracting from our debt and lease liabilities, our cash and cash
                   equivalents, short-term investments, long-term investments and adjusting for fair value of foreign
                   currency derivative financial instruments related to debt. Management believes its use of the net debt
                   metric to monitor the Company's financial leverage is useful for investors as it provides insight into its
                   financial strength. A reconciliation of net debt to its closest IFRS measure can be found in section 4.5. of
                   the present document.
                     Net debt to capitalization ratio (non-GAAP) – is a measure of our level of financial leverage and is
                     obtained by dividing the net debt by the sum of shareholders' equity and net debt. Management believes
                     its use of the net debt to capitalization ratio is useful for investors as it monitors the proportion of debt
                     versus capital used to finance the Company's operations.
                     Return on invested capital (ROIC) (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the Company’s efficiency at
                     allocating the capital under its control to profitable investments and is calculated as the proportion of the
                     net earnings excluding net finance costs after-tax for the last twelve months, over the last four quarters'
                     average invested capital, which is defined as the sum of shareholders' equity and net debt. Management
                     believes its use of this ratio is useful for investors as it assesses how well it is using its capital to
                     generate returns.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page     5
6 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




REPORTING SEGMENTS
The Company is managed through the following nine operating segments: Western and Southern Europe (primarily France,
Spain and Portugal); United States (U.S.) Commercial and State Government; Canada; U.S. Federal; Scandinavia and Central
Europe (Germany, Sweden and Norway); United Kingdom (U.K.) and Australia; Finland, Poland and Baltics; Northwest and
Central-East Europe (primarily Netherlands, Denmark and Czech Republic); and Asia Pacific Global Delivery Centers of
Excellence (mainly India and Philippines) (Asia Pacific). Please refer to sections 3.4., 3.6., 5.4. and 5.5. of the present
document and to note 29 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on our segments.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                     Page   6
                                                                                                          FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 7
Management’s
 Management’sDiscussion
              Discussionand  Analysis | | For
                         andAnalysis       Forthe
                                               theyears
                                                   yearsended
                                                         endedSeptember
                                                               September30,
                                                                         30,2023
                                                                             2023and
                                                                                  and2022
                                                                                      2022




 MD&A
  MD&AOBJECTIVES
       OBJECTIVESAND
                  ANDCONTENTS
                      CONTENTS
 InInthis
      thisdocument,
           document,we:
                     we:
     ••    Provide
            Provideaanarrative
                      narrativeexplanation
                                explanationofofthe
                                                theaudited
                                                    auditedconsolidated
                                                            consolidatedfinancial
                                                                          financialstatements
                                                                                    statementsthrough
                                                                                               throughthe
                                                                                                       theeyes
                                                                                                           eyesofofmanagement;
                                                                                                                    management;
     ••    Provide
            Providethe
                    thecontext
                        contextwithin
                                 withinwhich
                                        whichthe
                                              theaudited
                                                  auditedconsolidated
                                                          consolidatedfinancial
                                                                          financialstatements
                                                                                    statementsshould
                                                                                               shouldbe
                                                                                                      beanalyzed,
                                                                                                         analyzed,by
                                                                                                                   bygiving
                                                                                                                      giving
           enhanced
            enhanceddisclosure
                       disclosureabout
                                  abouthethedynamics
                                             dynamicsand
                                                       andtrends
                                                            trendsofofthe
                                                                       theCompany’s
                                                                            Company’sbusiness;
                                                                                        business;and
                                                                                                  and
     ••    Provide
            Provideinformation
                     informationtotoassist
                                     assisthe
                                           thereader
                                               readerininascertaining
                                                          ascertainingthe
                                                                       thelikelihood
                                                                            likelihoodthat
                                                                                       thatpast
                                                                                            pastperformance
                                                                                                 performancemay
                                                                                                             maybe
                                                                                                                 beindicative
                                                                                                                     indicativeofof
           future
            futureperformance.
                   performance.

 InInorder
      ordertotoachieve
                achievethese
                        theseobjectives,
                              objectives,this
                                          thisMD&A
                                               MD&Aisispresented
                                                        presentedininthe
                                                                      thefollowing
                                                                          followingmain
                                                                                    mainsections:
                                                                                         sections:

 Section
  Section                       Contents
                                 Contents                                                                                  Pages
                                                                                                                            Pages

 1.1. Corporate
       Corporate                1.1.
                                 1.1. About
                                       AboutCGI
                                             CGI                                                                              99

       Overview
        Overview                1.2.
                                 1.2. Vision
                                       Visionand
                                              andStrategy
                                                  Strategy                                                                   10
                                                                                                                              10

                                1.3.
                                 1.3. Competitive
                                       CompetitiveEnvironment
                                                   Environment                                                               12
                                                                                                                              12

 2.2. Highlights
       Highlightsand
                  and           2.1.
                                 2.1. Selected
                                       SelectedYearly
                                                YearlyInformation
                                                       Informationand
                                                                   andKey
                                                                       KeyPerformance
                                                                           PerformanceMeasures
                                                                                       Measures                              13
                                                                                                                              13

       Key
        KeyPerformance
            Performance         2.2.
                                 2.2. Stock
                                       StockPerformance
                                             Performance                                                                     14
                                                                                                                              14

       Measures
        Measures                2.3.
                                 2.3. Subsequent
                                       SubsequentEvent
                                                  Event                                                                      15
                                                                                                                              15

 3.3. Financial
       FinancialReview
                 Review         3.1.
                                 3.1. Bookings
                                       Bookingsand
                                                andBook-to-Bill
                                                    Book-to-BillRatio
                                                                 Ratio                                                       16
                                                                                                                              16

                                3.2.
                                 3.2. Foreign
                                       ForeignExchange
                                               Exchange                                                                      17
                                                                                                                              17

                                3.3.
                                 3.3. Revenue
                                       RevenueDistribution
                                               Distribution                                                                  18
                                                                                                                              18

                                3.4.
                                 3.4. Revenue
                                       Revenueby
                                               bySegment
                                                  Segment                                                                    19
                                                                                                                              19

                                3.5.
                                 3.5. Operating
                                       OperatingExpenses
                                                 Expenses                                                                    22
                                                                                                                              22

                                3.6.
                                 3.6. Adjusted
                                       AdjustedEBIT
                                                EBITby
                                                     bySegment
                                                        Segment                                                              23
                                                                                                                              23

                                3.7.
                                 3.7. Earnings
                                       EarningsBefore
                                                BeforeIncome
                                                       IncomeTaxes
                                                              Taxes                                                          25
                                                                                                                              25

                                3.8.
                                 3.8. Net
                                       NetEarnings
                                           Earningsand
                                                    andEarnings
                                                        EarningsPer
                                                                 PerShare
                                                                     Share                                                   26
                                                                                                                              26

 4.4. Liquidity
       Liquidity                4.1.
                                 4.1. Consolidated
                                       ConsolidatedStatements
                                                    StatementsofofCash
                                                                   CashFlows
                                                                        Flows                                                28
                                                                                                                              28

                                4.2.
                                 4.2. Capital
                                       CapitalResources
                                               Resources                                                                     30
                                                                                                                              30

                                4.3.
                                 4.3. Contractual
                                       ContractualObligations
                                                   Obligations                                                               31
                                                                                                                              31

                                4.4.
                                 4.4. Financial
                                       FinancialInstruments
                                                 Instrumentsand
                                                             andHedging
                                                                 HedgingTransactions
                                                                         Transactions                                        31
                                                                                                                              31

                                4.5.
                                 4.5. Selected
                                       SelectedMeasures
                                                MeasuresofofCapital
                                                             CapitalResources
                                                                     Resourcesand
                                                                               andLiquidity
                                                                                   Liquidity                                 32
                                                                                                                              32

                                4.6.
                                 4.6. Guarantees
                                       Guarantees                                                                            33
                                                                                                                              33

                                4.7.
                                 4.7. Capability
                                       CapabilitytotoDeliver
                                                      DeliverResults
                                                              Results                                                        33
                                                                                                                              33




©©2023
   2023CGI
        CGIInc.
             Inc.                                                                                                               Page
                                                                                                                                 Page 7 7
8 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s
 Management’sDiscussion
              Discussionand  Analysis | | For
                         andAnalysis       Forthe
                                                theyears
                                                    yearsended
                                                          endedSeptember
                                                                September30,
                                                                          30,2023
                                                                              2023and
                                                                                   and2022
                                                                                       2022




 Section
  Section                 Contents
                           Contents                                                                                    Pages
                                                                                                                        Pages
 5.5. Fourth
       FourthQuarter
              Quarter     5.1.
                           5.1. Bookings
                                 Bookingsand
                                          andBook-to-Bill
                                              Book-to-BillRatio
                                                           Ratio                                                        3434

        Results
         Results          5.2.
                           5.2. Foreign
                                 ForeignExchange
                                         Exchange                                                                       3535

                          5.3.
                           5.3. Revenue
                                 RevenueDistribution
                                         Distribution                                                                   3636

                          5.4.
                           5.4. Revenue
                                 RevenuebybySegment
                                             Segment                                                                    3737

                          5.5.
                           5.5. Adjusted
                                 AdjustedEBIT
                                          EBITbybySegment
                                                   Segment                                                              4040

                          5.6.
                           5.6. Net
                                 NetEarnings
                                     Earningsand
                                              andEarnings
                                                  EarningsPer
                                                           PerShare
                                                               Share                                                    4242

                          5.7.
                           5.7. Consolidated
                                 ConsolidatedStatements
                                              StatementsofofCash
                                                             CashFlows
                                                                  Flows                                                 4444

 6.6.   Eight
         EightQuarter
               Quarter    AAsummary
                              summaryofofthethepast
                                                 pasteight
                                                      eightquarters'
                                                              quarters'key
                                                                        keyperformance
                                                                            performancemeasures
                                                                                           measuresand
                                                                                                     anda a
                                                                                                                        4646
        Summary
         Summary          discussion
                           discussionofofthe
                                           thefactors
                                                factorsthat
                                                         thatcould
                                                              couldimpact
                                                                     impactour
                                                                             ourquarterly
                                                                                 quarterlyresults.
                                                                                            results.

 7.7.   Changes
         Changesinin
                          AAsummary
                             summaryofofaccounting
                                         accountingstandards
                                                     standardsadopted
                                                               adoptedand
                                                                       andfuture
                                                                            futureaccounting
                                                                                   accountingstandard
                                                                                               standard
        Accounting
         Accounting                                                                                                     4848
                          changes.
                           changes.
        Policies
         Policies
 8.8.   Critical
         Critical
                          AAdiscussion
                             discussionofofthe
                                             thecritical
                                                  criticalaccounting
                                                           accountingestimates
                                                                       estimatesmade
                                                                                 madeininthe
                                                                                           thepreparation
                                                                                               preparationofofthe
                                                                                                                the
        Accounting
         Accounting                                                                                                     5050
                          audited
                           auditedconsolidated
                                   consolidatedfinancial
                                                     financialstatements.
                                                                statements.
        Estimates
         Estimates
                          AAdiscussion
                               discussionofofthe
                                               theexistence
                                                    existenceofofappropriate
                                                                   appropriateinformation
                                                                                informationsystems,
                                                                                              systems,procedures
                                                                                                       procedures
 9.9.   Integrity
          Integrityofof
                          and
                            andcontrols
                                  controlstotoensure
                                               ensurethat
                                                        thatinformation
                                                              informationused
                                                                          usedinternally
                                                                                 internallyand
                                                                                            anddisclosed
                                                                                                disclosedexternally
                                                                                                          externally    5353
        Disclosure
          Disclosure
                          isiscomplete
                               completeand andreliable.
                                                reliable.
 10.
  10. Risk
       RiskEnvironment
            Environment 10.1.
                         10.1. Risks
                                Risksand
                                      andUncertainties
                                          Uncertainties                                                                 5454

                          10.2.
                           10.2. Legal
                                  LegalProceedings
                                        Proceedings                                                                     6767




©©2023
    2023
       CGI
         CGI
           Inc.
             Inc.                                                                                                          Page
                                                                                                                            Page 8 8
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 9
Management’s Discussion and Analysis       | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



1.          Corporate Overview
1.1. ABOUT CGI
Founded in 1976 and headquartered in Montréal, Canada, CGI is a leading IT and business consulting services firm with
approximately 91,500 consultants and professionals worldwide. We use the power of technology to help clients accelerate
their holistic digital transformation.

CGI has a people-centered culture, operating where our clients live and work to build trusted relationships and to advance our
shared communities. Our consultants and professionals are committed to providing actionable insights that help clients
achieve business outcomes. They leverage global delivery centers that deliver scale, innovation and delivery excellence for
every engagement.

End-to-end services and solutions

CGI delivers end-to-end services that help clients achieve the highest returns on their digital investments. We call this ROI-led
digitization. Our insights-driven end-to-end services and solutions work together to help clients design, implement, run and
operate the technology critical to achieving their business strategies. Our portfolio encompasses:

      i.    Business and strategic IT consulting, and systems integration services: CGI helps clients drive sustainable
            value in critical consulting areas, including strategy, organization and change management, core operations and
            technology. Within each of these areas, our consultants also deliver a broad range of business offerings to address
            client executives' priorities, including designing and advancing strategies for the responsible use of artificial
            intelligence (AI), sustainable supply chain management, environmental, social and governance (ESG), mergers and
            acquisitions, and more. In the area of systems integration, we help clients accelerate the enterprise modernization
            of their legacy systems and adopt new technologies to drive innovation and deliver real-time and insight-driven
            customer and citizen services.

     ii.    Managed IT and business process services: Working as an extension of our clients’ organizations, we take on
            full or partial responsibility for managing their IT functions, freeing them up to focus on their strategic business
            direction. Our services enable clients to reinvest, alongside CGI, in the successful execution of their digital
            transformation roadmaps. We help them increase agility, scalability and resilience; deliver operational efficiencies,
            innovations and reduced costs; and embed security and data privacy controls. Typical services include: application
            development, modernization and maintenance; holistic enterprise digitization, automation, hybrid and cloud
            management; and business process services.

     iii.   Intellectual property (IP): CGI's portfolio of IP solutions are highly configurable “business platforms as a service”
            that are embedded within our end-to-end service offerings and utilize integrated security, data privacy practices,
            provider-neutral cloud approaches, and advanced AI capabilities to provide immediate benefits to clients. We invest
            in, and deliver, market-leading IP to drive business outcomes within each of our target industries. We also
            collaborate with clients to build and evolve IP-based solutions while enabling a higher degree of flexibility and
            customization for their unique modernization and digitization needs.

Deep industry and technology expertise

CGI has long-standing and focused practices in all of its core industries, providing clients with a partner that is not only an
expert in IT, but also an expert in their respective industries. This combination of business knowledge and digital technology
expertise allows us to help our clients navigate complex challenges and focus on value creation. In the process, we evolve the
services and solutions we deliver within our targeted industries and provide thought leadership, blueprints, frameworks and
technical accelerators that help client evolve their ecosystems.

Our targeted industries include financial services (including banking and insurance), government (including space),
manufacturing, retail and distribution (including consumer services, transportation and logistics), communications and utilities
(including energy and media), and health (including life sciences). To help orchestrate our global posture across these



© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page     9
10 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




industries, our leaders regularly participate in cabinet meetings and councils to advance the strategies, services and solutions
we deliver to our clients.

Helping clients leverage technology to its fullest

Macro trends such as supply chain reconfiguration, climate change and energy transition, and demographic shifts including
aging populations and talent shortages require new business models and ways of working. At the same time, technology is
reshaping our future and creating new opportunities.

Accelerating digitization provides the inclusive, economically vibrant, and sustainable future our clients’ customers and citizens
demand. Leveraging technology to its fullest helps clients to lead within their industries. Our end-to-end digital services,
industry and technology expertise, and operational excellence combine to help clients advance their holistic digital
transformation.

Through our proprietary Voice of Our Clients research, we analyzed the characteristics of leading digital organizations and
found three common attributes:

       •    They have highly agile business models to address digitization and integrate new technology, are better at

            operating as aligned teams between business and IT, and extend their digital strategy to their external ecosystem.

       •    They have been faster in modernizing the entire IT environment - including through automation - while assuring

            security and data privacy.

       •    They are addressing business transformation holistically, including culture change, ecosystem touchpoints, and the

            integration of sustainability objectives.

Digital leaders across industries seek new ways to evolve their strategy and operational models and use technology and
information to improve how they operate, deliver products and services, and create value.

CGI helps clients adopt leading digital attributes and design, manage, protect and evolve their digital value chains to
accelerate business outcomes.

Quality processes

Our clients expect consistent service wherever and whenever they engage us. We have an outstanding track record of on-
time, within-budget delivery as a result of our commitment to excellence and our robust governance model - CGI's
Management Foundation.

Our Management Foundation provides a common business language, frameworks and practices for managing operations
consistently across the globe, driving continuous improvement. We also invest in rigorous quality and service delivery
standards including the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI)
certification programs, as well as a comprehensive Client Satisfaction Assessment Program, with signed client assessments,
to ensure high satisfaction on an ongoing basis.


1.2. VISION AND STRATEGY
CGI is unique compared to most companies, as our vision is based on a dream: “To create an environment in which we enjoy
working together and, as owners, contribute to building a company we can be proud of.” This dream has motivated us since
our founding in 1976 and drives our vision: “To be a global, world-class end-to-end IT and business consulting services leader
helping our clients succeed.”

In pursuing our dream and vision, CGI has been highly disciplined throughout its history in executing a Build and Buy profitable
growth strategy comprised of four pillars that combine profitable organic growth (Build) and accretive acquisitions (Buy):

    Pillar 1: Win, renew and extend contracts

    Pillar 2: New large managed IT and business process services contracts


© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page   10
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 11
Management’s Discussion and Analysis       | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



These first two pillars relate to driving profitable organic growth through the pursuit of contracts with new and existing clients in
our targeted industries. As such, CGI engages with new and existing clients on four levers in our portfolio of end-to-end
services and solutions: Business and Strategic IT Consulting, Systems Integration, Managed Services and IP-based services.
Successes in these pillars reflect the strength of our end-to-end portfolio of capabilities, the depth of expertise of our
consultants in business and IT, client satisfaction in our delivery excellence, and the appreciation of the proximity model by our
clients, both existing and potential.

    Pillar 3: Metro market acquisitions

    Pillar 4: Large, transformational acquisitions

The third and fourth pillars focus on growth through accretive acquisitions. The third pillar for metro market acquisitions
complements the proximity model and helps to provide a fuller range of end-to-end services. The fourth pillar for large
transformational acquisitions helps to further expand our geographic footprint and reach the critical mass required to compete
for large managed IT and business process services contracts and broaden our client relationships. Both the third and fourth
pillars are supported by three levers. First, is our range of end-to-end services that allow us to consider a broad range of
acquisitions. A second lever is CGI's industry sector mix that helps us mirror the IT spend of each metro market over time. A
final lever across pillars three and four focuses on IP-based services firms that offer consulting services and managed services
that leverage their solutions.

CGI will continue to be a consolidator in the IT and business consulting services industry by being active across these four
pillars.

Executing our strategy

CGI’s strategy is executed through a business model that combines client proximity with an extensive global delivery network
to deliver the following benefits:

          • Local relationships and accountability: We live and work near our clients to provide a high level of
          responsiveness, partnership, and innovation. Our local consultants and professionals speak our clients' language,
          understand their business and industries, and collaborate to meet their goals and advance their business.

          • Global reach: Our local presence is complemented by an expansive global delivery network that ensures our
          clients have 24/7 access to best-fit digital capabilities and resources to meet their end-to-end needs. In addition,
          clients benefit from our unique combination of industry domain and technology expertise within our global delivery
          model.

          • Committed experts: One of our key strategic goals is to be our clients’ partner and expert of choice. To achieve
          this, we invest in developing and recruiting professionals with extensive industry, business and in-demand technology
          expertise. Individually and collectively, each of our experts embody partnership behaviors in all they do by being
          consultative and building trusted relationships with each other, our clients, shareholders, and within our communities.
          In addition, a majority of consultants and professionals are also owners through our Share Purchase Plan, which,
          combined with the Profit Participation Plan, provide an added level of commitment to the success of our clients.

          • Everyday innovation: Our approach to client engagements is to continuously bring forward actionable insights that
          support clients’ ROI-led digitization priorities. Through our client satisfaction program, we regularly assess the degree
          to which clients find that CGI introduced applicable innovation to the engagements we deliver for them, including
          through our ideas, processes, tools and offerings. We also scale innovative solutions co-created with clients through a
          global governance model.

          • Comprehensive quality processes: CGI’s investment in quality frameworks and rigorous client satisfaction
          assessments has resulted in a consistent track record of on-time and within-budget project delivery. With regular
          reviews of engagements and transparency at all levels, the Company ensures that client objectives and its own




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page   11
12 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




          quality objectives are consistently followed at all times. This thorough process enables CGI to generate continuous
          improvements for all stakeholders by applying corrective measures as soon as they are required.

          • ESG strategy: At CGI, our ESG strategy is key to contributing to our strategic goal to be recognized by our
          stakeholders as an engaged, ethical and responsible corporate citizen within our communities. Our commitments
          align with the United Nations (UN) Global Compact’s 10 principles and we are recognized by leading international
          indices, including EcoVadis, Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) and Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI). We
          prioritize partnerships with clients, while also collaborating with educational institutions and local organizations, on
          three global priorities: people, communities and climate. We demonstrate our commitment to a sustainable world
          through projects delivered in collaboration with clients and through operating practices, supply chain management,
          and community service activities.


1.3. COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT
As the market dynamics and industry trends continue to increase client demand for ROI-led digitization, CGI is well-positioned
to serve as a digital partner and expert of choice. We work with clients across the globe to implement digital strategies,
roadmaps and solutions that help clients transform the customer/citizen experience, drive the launch of new products and
services, and deliver efficiencies and cost savings.

CGI’s competition is comprised of a variety of firms, from local companies providing specialized services and software,
government pure-plays to global business consulting and IT services providers. All of these players are competing to deliver
some or all of the services we provide.

 Many factors distinguish the industry leaders, including the following:

      • Depth and breadth of industry and technology expertise;

      • Local presence and strength of client relationships;

      • Extensive and flexible global delivery network, including onshore, nearshore and offshore options;

      • Breadth of digital IP solutions;

      • Total cost of services and value delivered;

      • Ability to deliver practical innovation for measurable results; and

      • Consistent, on-time, within-budget delivery everywhere the client operates.

CGI is one of the leaders in the industry with respect to the combination of these factors. CGI is one of few firms with the scale,
reach, and capabilities to meet clients’ enterprise business and technology needs.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page   12
                                                                                                                                      FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 13
Management’s Discussion and Analysis                      | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



2. Highlights and Key Performance Measures
2.1. SELECTED YEARLY INFORMATION & KEY PERFORMANCE MEASURES
                                                                                                                                         Change               Change
    As at and for the years ended September 30,                                2023                2022                 2021            2023 / 2022          2022 / 2021
    In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
    Growth
    Revenue                                                                  14,296.4             12,867.2            12,126.8             1,429.2               740.4
    Year-over-year revenue growth                                             11.1%                 6.1%               (0.3%)
    Constant currency revenue growth                                           8.0%                10.5%                1.1%
    Backlog  1
                                                                              26,059               24,055              23,059                2,004                996
    Bookings                                                                  16,259               13,966              13,843                2,293                123
    Book-to-bill ratio                                                        113.7%              108.5%               114.2%                5.2%               (5.7%)
    Profitability
    Earnings before income taxes                                              2,197.9             1,967.0              1,838.0               230.9               129.0
      Earnings before income taxes margin                                     15.4%                15.3%                15.2%                0.1%                0.1%
    Adjusted EBIT   2
                                                                              2,312.7             2,086.6              1,952.2               226.1               134.4
      Adjusted EBIT margin                                                    16.2%                16.2%                16.1%                —%                  0.1%
    Net earnings                                                              1,631.2             1,466.1              1,369.1               165.1                97.0
      Net earnings margin                                                     11.4%                11.4%                11.3%                —%                  0.1%
    Diluted EPS (in dollars)                                                    6.86                6.04                 5.41                0.82                 0.63
    Net earnings excluding specific items2                                    1,680.0             1,487.9              1,374.9               192.1               113.0
      Net earnings margin excluding specific items                            11.8%                11.6%                11.3%                0.2%                0.3%
    Diluted EPS excluding specific items (in dollars)       2
                                                                                7.07                6.13                 5.43                0.94                 0.70

    Liquidity
    Cash provided by operating activities                                     2,112.2             1,865.0              2,115.9               247.2              (250.9)
      As a percentage of revenue                                              14.8%                14.5%                17.4%                0.3%               (2.9%)
    Days sales outstanding                                                       44                  49                   45                  (5)                   4
    Capital structure
    Long-term debt and lease liabilities3                                     3,742.3             3,976.2              4,178.6              (233.9)             (202.4)
    Net debt  2
                                                                              2,134.6             2,946.9              2,535.9              (812.3)              411.0
    Net debt to capitalization ratio                                          20.4%                28.8%                26.6%               (8.4%)               2.2%
    Return on invested capital                                                16.0%                15.7%                14.9%                0.3%                0.8%
    Balance sheet
    Cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments                     1,575.6              972.6               1,700.2               603.0              (727.6)
    Total assets                                                             15,799.5             15,175.4            15,021.0               624.1               154.4
    Long-term financial liabilities4                                          2,386.2             3,731.3              3,659.8            (1,345.1)               71.5
1
          Approximately $10.0 billion of our backlog as at September 30, 2023 is expected to be converted into revenue within the next twelve months, $8.6 billion
          within one to three years, $3.1 billion within three to five years and $4.4 billion in more than five years.
2
          Please refer to sections 3.7., 3.8.3. and 4.5. of the respective Fiscal years' MD&A for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.
3
          Long-term debt and lease liabilities include both the current and long-term portions of the long-term debt and lease liabilities.
4
          Long-term financial liabilities include the long-term portion of the debt, long-term portion of lease liabilities and the long-term derivative financial instruments.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                                     Page     13
   14 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




     2.2. STOCK PERFORMANCE

                                                               CGI Stock Price (TSX) for the Last Twelve Months
                       5                                                                                                                             150.00




                                                                                                                                                     140.00


                       4

                                                                                                                                                     130.00




                                                                                                                                                     120.00
                       3




Volume (in millions)                                                                                                                                          Stock Price (CAD)
                                                                                                                                                     110.00



                       2
                                                                                                                                                     100.00




                                                                                                                                                     90.00

                       1


                                                                                                                                                     80.00




                       0                                                                                                                             70.00
                                         Q1 2023                             Q2 2023                             Q3 2023                 Q4 2023


                                                                                 Daily Trade Volume 1     Closing Price




     2.2.1. Fiscal 2023 Trading Summary
     CGI’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) (stock quote – GIB.A) and the New York Stock Exchange
     (NYSE) (stock quote – GIB) and are included in key indices such as the S&P/TSX 60 Index.

            TSX                                                                        (CAD)              NYSE                                      (USD)
            Open:                                                                      103.94             Open:                                      75.77
            High:                                                                      142.31             High:                                     107.66
            Low:                                                                       100.74             Low:                                       72.23
            Close:                                                                     133.88             Close:                                     98.49
                                                                 1
            CDN average daily trading volumes :                                    559,171                NYSE average daily trading volumes:      139,834
     1
                           Includes the average daily volumes of both the TSX and alternative trading systems.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                     Page        14
                                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 15
Management’s
 Management’sDiscussion
               Discussion
                        and
                          and Analysis| |ForFor
                            Analysis         thethe
                                                  years
                                                    years
                                                        ended
                                                          ended
                                                              September
                                                                September
                                                                        30,30,
                                                                            2023
                                                                               2023
                                                                                  and
                                                                                    and
                                                                                      2022
                                                                                        2022




2.2.2.
  2.2.2.Normal
         NormalCourse
                CourseIssuer
                        IssuerBid
                               Bid(NCIB)
                                    (NCIB)
OnOnJanuary
       January 31,31,
                    2023,
                      2023,thethe
                                Company’s
                                   Company’s   Board
                                                 Board of of
                                                          Directors
                                                              Directorsauthorized
                                                                          authorizedandand
                                                                                         subsequently
                                                                                           subsequently   received
                                                                                                             receivedregulatory
                                                                                                                        regulatory approval
                                                                                                                                      approvalfrom
                                                                                                                                                 from
                                                                                                                                                    thethe
TSXTSXforfor
          thethe
               renewal
                  renewalof of
                            CGI's
                               CGI'sNCIB
                                      NCIB which
                                              whichallows
                                                      allows     thethe
                                                             forfor   purchase
                                                                         purchase
                                                                                forfor
                                                                                     cancellation
                                                                                        cancellationof of
                                                                                                       upupto to
                                                                                                              18,769,394
                                                                                                                 18,769,394 Class
                                                                                                                               ClassAA subordinate
                                                                                                                                          subordinate
voting
   voting
        shares
           shares (Class
                    (Class
                         AA Shares)
                               Shares)representing
                                         representing  10%10% of of
                                                                  thethe Company’s
                                                                       Company’s    public
                                                                                       public
                                                                                           float
                                                                                              float
                                                                                                 asasof of
                                                                                                        thethe
                                                                                                             close
                                                                                                                close
                                                                                                                    of of
                                                                                                                       business
                                                                                                                          business ononJanuary
                                                                                                                                           January24,24,
2023.
   2023.Class
           ClassAA Shares
                     Sharesmaymaybebepurchased
                                        purchased  forfor
                                                       cancellation
                                                          cancellation  under thethe
                                                                          under    NCIB
                                                                                      NCIBcommencing
                                                                                             commencing    ononFebruary
                                                                                                                 February 6, 6,
                                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                                                                2023 until
                                                                                                                                       until
                                                                                                                                           nono
                                                                                                                                              later
                                                                                                                                                 later
                                                                                                                                                    than
                                                                                                                                                       than
February
   February 5, 5,
               2024,
                  2024,
                      or or
                          onon
                             such
                                suchearlier
                                       earlier
                                            datedate
                                                   when
                                                      when thethe   Company
                                                                 Company    has
                                                                              haseither
                                                                                    either
                                                                                         acquired
                                                                                           acquired thethe
                                                                                                         maximum
                                                                                                            maximum  number
                                                                                                                        number  of of
                                                                                                                                   Class
                                                                                                                                      ClassAAShares
                                                                                                                                                Shares
allowable
   allowable under
               underthethe
                         NCIB
                           NCIB or or
                                   elects
                                      elects
                                           to to
                                              terminate
                                                 terminate  thethe
                                                                 bid.
                                                                    bid.

During
   Duringthethe
              year
                 year ended
                         ended  September
                                   September  30,30,
                                                  2023,
                                                     2023,thethe
                                                               Company
                                                                  Company   purchased
                                                                                purchased   forfor
                                                                                                cancellation
                                                                                                    cancellation  6,202,546
                                                                                                                     6,202,546  Class
                                                                                                                                  ClassAAShares
                                                                                                                                            Shares under
                                                                                                                                                      under itsits
current
   currentNCIB
             NCIB forfor
                       a atotal
                             total
                                 consideration
                                    consideration of of
                                                     $786.9
                                                        $786.9million,
                                                                 million,  at a
                                                                        at a  weighted
                                                                                  weighted  average
                                                                                              average  price
                                                                                                           price
                                                                                                               of of
                                                                                                                   $126.87.
                                                                                                                      $126.87.  The
                                                                                                                                  The
                                                                                                                                    purchased
                                                                                                                                       purchased shares
                                                                                                                                                     shares
included
   included3,344,996
              3,344,996     Class
                              Class AAShares
                                         Sharespurchased
                                                  purchased  forfor
                                                                 cancellation
                                                                    cancellation  from
                                                                                     from Caisse
                                                                                             Caisse dededépôt
                                                                                                           dépôt et et
                                                                                                                    dede placement
                                                                                                                            placement dudu
                                                                                                                                         Québec,
                                                                                                                                            Québec,  forfor
                                                                                                                                                         a atotal
                                                                                                                                                               total
consideration
   consideration   of of
                       $400.0
                          $400.0 million.
                                    million.
                                          TheThe
                                               purchase
                                                   purchase waswasmade
                                                                     made    pursuant
                                                                          pursuant      to to
                                                                                           ananexemption
                                                                                                 exemption    order
                                                                                                                  orderissued
                                                                                                                          issuedbyby
                                                                                                                                   thethe
                                                                                                                                        Autorité
                                                                                                                                          Autorité
                                                                                                                                                 desdesmarchés
                                                                                                                                                          marchés
financiers
   financiersandand is is
                       considered
                           considered  within
                                         within
                                              thethe
                                                   annual
                                                      annualaggregate
                                                               aggregate limit
                                                                             limit  that
                                                                                 that  thethe
                                                                                            Company
                                                                                               Company    is is
                                                                                                             entitled
                                                                                                                entitled to to
                                                                                                                            purchase
                                                                                                                               purchaseunder
                                                                                                                                          under
                                                                                                                                              itsits
                                                                                                                                                  current
                                                                                                                                                      current NCIB.
                                                                                                                                                                 NCIB.
In In
    addition,
      addition,during
                  during  thethe
                               year
                                  year
                                     ended
                                        endedSeptember
                                                September   30,30,
                                                                 2023,
                                                                    2023,
                                                                        thethe    Company
                                                                              Company       paid
                                                                                               paidforfor
                                                                                                       and and
                                                                                                             cancelled
                                                                                                                 cancelled  100,100
                                                                                                                               100,100Class
                                                                                                                                         Class
                                                                                                                                             AAShares
                                                                                                                                                  Shares  under
                                                                                                                                                              underitsits
previous
   previousNCIBNCIB  forfor
                         a atotal
                               total
                                   consideration
                                     consideration  of of
                                                       $10.3
                                                          $10.3
                                                              million,
                                                                  million, at a
                                                                        at a   weighted
                                                                                  weighted  average
                                                                                               average  price
                                                                                                           priceof of
                                                                                                                   $102.81,
                                                                                                                      $102.81,  which
                                                                                                                                  whichwere
                                                                                                                                          were
                                                                                                                                             purchased,
                                                                                                                                                purchased,    or or
committed
   committed  to to
                 bebe  purchased,
                           purchased, butbut
                                           notnot
                                               cancelled
                                                  cancelled asasat at
                                                                   September
                                                                       September   30,30,2022.
                                                                                            2022.

AsAsat at
       September
          September 30,30,
                        2023,
                           2023,
                              of of
                                 thethe
                                      6,202,546
                                        6,202,546
                                                Class
                                                  Class
                                                      AAShares purchased
                                                          Shares purchased
                                                                         forfor
                                                                             cancellation,
                                                                                cancellation,
                                                                                           68,550
                                                                                              68,550
                                                                                                   Class
                                                                                                     Class
                                                                                                         AAShares
                                                                                                             Shares
                                                                                                                  remain
                                                                                                                    remain
                                                                                                                         unpaid
                                                                                                                           unpaid
forfor
    $9.2
       $9.2
          million.
            million.

AsAs
   at at
      September
         September
                30,30,
                    2023,
                       2023,
                          thethe
                               Company
                                 Company
                                       could
                                         could
                                             purchase
                                               purchase  to to
                                                      upup  12,566,848
                                                               12,566,848
                                                                        Class
                                                                          Class
                                                                              AAShares
                                                                                  Shares
                                                                                       forfor
                                                                                           cancellation
                                                                                              cancellation
                                                                                                         under
                                                                                                           under
                                                                                                               thethe
                                                                                                                    current
                                                                                                                      current
NCIB.
  NCIB.

2.2.3.
  2.2.3.Capital
         CapitalStock
                 Stockand
                       andOptions
                           OptionsOutstanding
                                   Outstanding
The
  The
    following
       following
               table
                 table
                     provides
                       provides
                              a a
                                summary
                                  summary
                                        of of
                                           thethe
                                                Capital Stock
                                                  Capital Stock
                                                              and
                                                                and
                                                                  Options
                                                                    Options
                                                                          Outstanding
                                                                            Outstanding
                                                                                      asas
                                                                                         at at
                                                                                            November
                                                                                               November
                                                                                                     3, 3,
                                                                                                        2023:
                                                                                                           2023:

 Capital
   Capital
         Stock
           Stock
               and
                 and
                   Options
                     Options
                           Outstanding
                             Outstanding                                                                                                  AsAs
                                                                                                                                             at at
                                                                                                                                                November
                                                                                                                                                   November
                                                                                                                                                         3, 3,
                                                                                                                                                            2023
                                                                                                                                                               2023
 Class A A
   Classsubordinate voting
           subordinate     shares
                       voting shares                                                                                                                     205,872,778
                                                                                                                                                           205,872,778
 Class B B
   Class multiple voting
           multiple      shares
                    voting shares                                                                                                                          26,445,706
                                                                                                                                                             26,445,706
 Options to to
   Options  purchase Class
               purchase    A A
                        Classsubordinate voting
                               subordinate      shares
                                           voting shares                                                                                                    5,140,727
                                                                                                                                                               5,140,727


2.3.
  2.3.SUBSEQUENT
       SUBSEQUENTEVENT
                  EVENT
OnOn October
        October10,10,
                   2023,
                      2023,
                          thethe
                               Company
                                 Company   acquired
                                             acquired
                                                    Momentum
                                                      Momentum   Consulting Corp.,
                                                                   Consulting Corp.,anan
                                                                                       IT IT
                                                                                           and
                                                                                             and
                                                                                               business
                                                                                                  businessconsulting
                                                                                                             consulting
                                                                                                                      firm
                                                                                                                         firm
                                                                                                                            specializing
                                                                                                                              specializingin in
digital
   digital
        transformation,
           transformation,data
                             data
                                and
                                  and
                                    analytics
                                        analytics
                                                and
                                                  and
                                                    managed
                                                      managed  services, based
                                                                 services, based
                                                                               in in
                                                                                  thethe
                                                                                       U.S.
                                                                                         U.S.
                                                                                            andand
                                                                                                 headquartered
                                                                                                   headquartered in in
                                                                                                                     Miami,
                                                                                                                        Miami,Florida
                                                                                                                                Florida
                                                                                                                                      forfor
                                                                                                                                          a a
total
   total
      purchase
         purchase price
                    price
                        of of
                           $50.5
                              $50.5
                                  million.
                                    million.
                                           The
                                             Theacquisition
                                                  acquisition
                                                            added
                                                              addedapproximately
                                                                     approximately175175
                                                                                       professionals
                                                                                         professionalsto to
                                                                                                         thethe
                                                                                                              Company.
                                                                                                                Company.




©©
 2023
   2023
      CGICGI
          Inc.Inc.                                                                                                                                          Page
                                                                                                                                                              Page15 15
16 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




3. Financial Review
3.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO
Bookings for the year were $16.3 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 113.7%. The breakdown of the new bookings
signed during the year is as follows:



                                                                                           G H                                          E
                                                                                                         A                         D
          B                                                                            F
                                                                                                                                                     A
                                               B
              Contract Type                         Service Type                   E           Segment       B                C    Vertical Market
                                                                   A

                              A
                                                                                           D         C                                   B



  A   Extensions,                 71%    A    Managed IT               54%    A   U.S. Federal                   18%   A     Government                  40%
      renewals                                and business
      and add-ons                             process services                B   Western and                    17%   B     Financial services          23%
                                                                                  Southern Europe
  B   New business                29%    B    Business and            46%                                              C     MRD                         21%
                                              strategic IT consulting         C   U.S. Commercial and 17%
                                                                                  State Government                     D     Communications              11%
                                              and systems                                                                    and utilities
                                              integration services            D   Canada                         16%
                                                                                                                       E     Health                       5%
                                                                              E   Scandinavia and                11%
                                                                                  Central Europe
                                                                              F   U.K. and Australia             11%
                                                                              G   Finland, Poland                5%
                                                                                  and Baltics
                                                                              H   Northwest and                  5%
                                                                                  Central-East Europe


Information regarding our bookings is a key indicator of the volume of our business over time. Additional information on
bookings can be found in the Key Performance Measures section of the present document. The following table provides a
summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:


 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
                                                                             Bookings for the year ended                   Book-to-bill ratio for the year
                                                                                    September 30, 2023                       ended September 30, 2023

 Total CGI                                                                                         16,259,144                                        113.7%
 U.S. Federal                                                                                        2,878,094                                       148.1%
 Western and Southern Europe                                                                         2,829,306                                       110.3%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government                                                                2,734,687                                       110.9%
 Canada                                                                                              2,518,745                                       112.7%
 Scandinavia and Central Europe                                                                      1,831,999                                       105.3%
 U.K. and Australia                                                                                  1,763,767                                       105.2%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics                                                                             883,321                                     101.7%
 Northwest and Central-East Europe                                                                       819,224                                     102.4%




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                          Page   16
                                                                                                 FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 17
Management’s Discussion and Analysis     | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



3.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE
The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS, we
value assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various exchange rates. We report all
dollar amounts in Canadian dollars.


Closing foreign exchange rates

 As at September 30,                                                                2023            2022           Change
 U.S. dollar                                                                          1.3538           1.3756           (1.6%)
 Euro                                                                                 1.4327           1.3454            6.5%
 Indian rupee                                                                         0.0162           0.0169           (4.1%)
 British pound                                                                        1.6530           1.5310            8.0%
 Swedish krona                                                                        0.1243           0.1236            0.6%


Average foreign exchange rates

 For the years ended September 30,                                                  2023            2022           Change
 U.S. dollar                                                                          1.3485           1.2777            5.5%
 Euro                                                                                 1.4399           1.3833            4.1%
 Indian rupee                                                                         0.0164           0.0166           (1.2%)
 British pound                                                                        1.6544           1.6333            1.3%
 Swedish krona                                                                        0.1270           0.1328           (4.4%)




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                         Page     17
18 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




3.3. REVENUE DISTRIBUTION
The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the year:



                                                                   H                                          E
                                                              G                                           D
                                                                                  A
                                                          F                                                                 A
               B                                          E         Client
                   Service Type                                                                           Vertical Market
                                   A                              Geography
                                                          D                                           C

                                                                              B
                                                                   C                                               B




     A   Managed IT and                54%    A    U.S.                               31%   A   Government                      36%
         business process
         services                             B    France                             16%   B   Financial services              23%

     B   Business and                  46%    C    Canada                             16%   C   MRD                             22%
         strategic IT consulting              D    U.K.                               11%   D   Communications                  13%
         and systems                                                                            and utilities
         integration services                 E    Germany                            6%
                                                                                            E   Health                          6%
                                               F   Finland                            6%
                                              G    Sweden                             5%
                                              H    Rest of the world                  9%




3.3.1. Client Concentration
IFRS guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known to the reporting entity
to be under common control. As a consequence, our work for the U.S. federal government including its various agencies
represented 13.5% of our revenue for Fiscal 2023 as compared to 13.3% for Fiscal 2022.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                  Page   18
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 19
Management’s Discussion and Analysis          | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



3.4. REVENUE BY SEGMENT
Our segments are reported based on where the client's work is delivered from within our geographic delivery model.

The table below provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment before
eliminations, separately showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal
2022. The Fiscal 2022 revenue by segment was recorded reflecting the actual foreign exchange rates for that period. The
foreign exchange impact is the difference between the current period’s actual results and the same period’s results converted
with the prior year’s foreign exchange rates.

                                                                                                          Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                     2023           2022             $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Total CGI revenue                                                  14,296,360     12,867,201       1,429,159          11.1%
 Constant currency revenue growth                                        8.0%
 Foreign currency impact                                                 3.1%
 Variation over previous period                                         11.1%
 Western and Southern Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                            2,511,388      2,152,113        359,275           16.7%
 Foreign currency impact                                               94,538
 Western and Southern Europe revenue                                 2,605,926      2,152,113        453,813           21.1%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                            2,158,461      2,075,321         83,140             4.0%
 Foreign currency impact                                              119,535
 U.S. Commercial and State Government revenue                        2,277,996      2,075,321        202,675             9.8%
 Canada
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                            2,062,794      1,981,380         81,414             4.1%
 Foreign currency impact                                                1,865
 Canada revenue                                                      2,064,659      1,981,380         83,279             4.2%
 U.S. Federal
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                            1,831,839      1,750,902         80,937             4.6%
 Foreign currency impact                                              103,399
 U.S. Federal revenue                                                1,935,238      1,750,902        184,336           10.5%
 Scandinavia and Central Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                            1,652,995      1,571,118         81,877             5.2%
 Foreign currency impact                                               (4,639)
 Scandinavia and Central Europe revenue                              1,648,356      1,571,118         77,238             4.9%
 U.K. and Australia revenue
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                            1,436,525      1,291,125        145,400           11.3%
 Foreign currency impact                                               19,004
 U.K. and Australia revenue                                          1,455,529      1,291,125        164,404           12.7%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                             797,491        729,024          68,467             9.4%
 Foreign currency impact                                               31,460
 Finland, Poland and Baltics revenue                                  828,951        729,024          99,927           13.7%




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                        Page     19
20 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




                                                                                                               Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                      2023             2022               $                %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Northwest and Central-East Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                              723,064          692,859            30,205              4.4%
 Foreign currency impact                                                32,837
 Northwest and Central-East Europe revenue                             755,901          692,859            63,042              9.1%
 Asia Pacific
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                              930,559          799,661           130,898           16.4%
 Foreign currency impact                                               (12,503)
 Asia Pacific revenue                                                  918,056          799,661           118,395           14.8%

 Eliminations                                                         (194,252)        (176,302)         (17,950)           10.2%

For the year ended September 30, 2023, revenue was $14,296.4 million, an increase of $1,429.2 million or 11.1% over last
year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $1,025.5 million or 8.0%. The increase was mainly due to organic
growth across all vertical markets, including an increase in IP-based revenues, as well as to prior year's business acquisitions.
This was partly offset by less available days to bill, including the calendar impact of one less available day to bill in Q4 2023.

3.4.1. Western and Southern Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2023, revenue in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $2,605.9 million, an
increase of $453.8 million or 21.1% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $359.3 million or
16.7%. The increase in revenue was mainly due to prior year's business acquisitions, as well as organic growth within all
vertical markets. This was partly offset by less available days to bill, including the calendar impact of one less available day to
bill in Q4 2023.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Western and Southern Europe vertical markets were MRD and financial services,
generating combined revenues of approximately $1,609 million for the year ended September 30, 2023.

3.4.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
For the year ended September 30, 2023, revenue in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $2,278.0
million, an increase of $202.7 million or 9.8% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $83.1 million
or 4.0%. The increase was mainly due to organic growth across most vertical markets, partially offset by increased use of our
Asia Pacific offshore delivery centers for client work.
On a client geographic basis, the top two U.S. Commercial and State Government vertical markets were financial services and
government, generating combined revenues of approximately $1,456 million for the year ended September 30, 2023.

3.4.3. Canada
For the year ended September 30, 2023, revenue in the Canada segment was $2,064.7 million, an increase of $83.3 million or
4.2% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $81.4 million or 4.1%. The increase was mainly due
to organic growth across most vertical markets, primarily an increase in IP-based revenues in the financial services vertical
market.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Canada vertical markets were financial services, and communications and utilities,
generating combined revenues of approximately $1,437 million for the year ended September 30, 2023.

3.4.4. U.S. Federal
For the year ended September 30, 2023, revenue in the U.S. Federal segment was $1,935.2 million, an increase of $184.3
million or 10.5% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $80.9 million or 4.6%. The increase in
revenue was mainly due to organic growth in managed services engagements, including higher transaction volumes related to
our IP business process services.
For the year ended September 30, 2023, 90% of revenues within the U.S. Federal segment were federal civilian based.


© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page      20
                                                                                                 FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 21
Management’s Discussion and Analysis     | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



3.4.5. Scandinavia and Central Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2023, revenue in the Scandinavia and Central Europe segment was $1,648.4 million, an
increase of $77.2 million or 4.9% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $81.9 million or 5.2%.
The increase was mainly driven by organic growth primarily within the government vertical market. This was partially offset by
adjustments of cost to complete on certain projects and less available days to bill, including the calendar impact of one less
available day to bill in Q4 2023.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Scandinavia and Central Europe vertical markets were MRD and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $1,215 million for the year ended September 30, 2023.

3.4.6. U.K. and Australia
For the year ended September 30, 2023, revenue in the U.K. and Australia segment was $1,455.5 million, an increase of
$164.4 million or 12.7% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $145.4 million or 11.3%. The
increase was mainly due to organic growth within the government vertical market as well as a prior year's business acquisition.

On a client geographic basis, the top two U.K. and Australia vertical markets were government and communications and
utilities, generating combined revenues of $1,217 million for the year ended September 30, 2023.

3.4.7. Finland, Poland and Baltics
For the year ended September 30, 2023, revenue in the Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $829.0 million, an increase
of $99.9 million or 13.7% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $68.5 million or 9.4%. The
increase was mainly due to organic growth across most vertical markets, including an increase in IP-based revenues. This was
partially offset by less available days to bill, including the calendar impact of one less available day to bill in Q4 2023.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Finland, Poland and Baltics vertical markets were government and financial services,
generating combined revenues of approximately $520 million for the year ended September 30, 2023.

3.4.8. Northwest and Central-East Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2023, revenue in the Northwest and Central-East Europe segment was $755.9 million, an
increase of $63.0 million or 9.1% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $30.2 million or 4.4%.
The increase was mainly due to organic growth within most vertical markets, partially offset by less available days to bill,
including the calendar impact of one less available day to bill in Q4 2023.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Northwest and Central-East Europe vertical markets were MRD and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $503 million for the year ended September 30, 2023.

3.4.9. Asia Pacific
For the year ended September 30, 2023, revenue in the Asia Pacific segment was $918.1 million, an increase of $118.4
million or 14.8% over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $130.9 million or 16.4%. The increase
was mainly driven by the continued demand for our offshore delivery centers across all commercial vertical markets.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                         Page     21
22 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




3.5. OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                                                                                Change
 For the years ended September 30,                                 % of                      % of
                                                     2023        Revenue        2022       Revenue          $            %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Costs of services, selling and administrative     11,982,421        83.8%    10,776,564       83.8%     1,205,857           —%
 Foreign exchange loss                                  1,198          —%          4,001         —%          (2,803)         —%


3.5.1. Costs of Services, Selling and Administrative
Costs of services include the costs of serving our clients, which mainly consist of salaries, performance based compensation
and other direct costs, including travel expenses, net of tax credits. These also mainly include professional fees and other
contracted labour costs, as well as hardware, software and delivery center related costs.

Costs of selling and administrative mainly include salaries, performance based compensation, office space, internal solutions,
business development related costs such as travel expenses, and other administrative and management costs.

For the year ended September 30, 2023, costs of services, selling and administrative expenses amounted to $11,982.4 million,
an increase of $1,205.9 million when compared to last year. As a percentage of revenue, costs of services, selling and
administrative expenses remained stable at 83.8%.

As a percentage of revenue, costs of services increased compared to last year, mainly due to the impact of less available days
to bill, including the calendar impact of one less available day to bill in Q4 2023, the expected increase in travel to support
client delivery growth, adjustments due to reevaluation of costs to complete on certain projects, as well as a favourable
supplier contract adjustment that did not repeat this year. This was partially offset by profitable growth within most vertical
markets and lower performance based compensation accruals.

As a percentage of revenue, costs of selling and administrative decreased compared to last year, mainly due to lower
performance based compensation accruals, which was partially offset by the increase in business development efforts,
including the expected increase in travel to support growing our business.

During the year ended September 30, 2023, the translation of the results of our foreign operations from their local currencies to
the Canadian dollar unfavourably impacted costs by $312.5 million, which was offset by the favourable translation impact of
$403.6 million on our revenue.

3.5.2. Foreign Exchange Loss
During the year ended September 30, 2023, CGI incurred $1.2 million of foreign exchange losses, mainly driven by the timing
of payments combined with the volatility of foreign exchange rates. The Company, in addition to its natural hedges, uses
derivatives as a strategy to manage its exposure, to the extent possible.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page   22
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 23
Management’s Discussion and Analysis          | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



3.6. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT
                                                                                                             Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                     2023           2022              $                %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Western and Southern Europe                                          355,578         289,730          65,848           22.7%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   13.6%          13.5%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government                                 339,410         304,767          34,643           11.4%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   14.9%          14.7%
 Canada                                                               477,502         463,289          14,213              3.1%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   23.1%          23.4%
 U.S. Federal                                                         306,362         276,395          29,967           10.8%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   15.8%          15.8%
 Scandinavia and Central Europe                                       127,320         125,728             1,592            1.3%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                    7.7%           8.0%
 U.K. and Australia                                                   216,517         200,117          16,400              8.2%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   14.9%          15.5%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics                                          110,583          96,651          13,932           14.4%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   13.3%          13.3%
 Northwest and Central East-Europe                                    101,871          88,287          13,584           15.4%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   13.5%          12.7%
 Asia Pacific                                                         277,598         241,672          35,926           14.9%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                   30.2%          30.2%
 Adjusted EBIT                                                       2,312,741      2,086,636         226,105           10.8%
   Adjusted EBIT margin                                                 16.2%          16.2%

Adjusted EBIT for the year was $2,312.7 million, an increase of $226.1 million from 2022. The adjusted EBIT margin remained
stable at 16.2% when compared to last year, mainly due to profitable growth in all vertical markets and lower performance
based compensation accruals. This was offset by less available days to bill, including the calendar impact of one less available
day to bill in Q4 2023, the increase in business development efforts and the expected increase in travel, adjustments due to
reevaluation of cost to complete on certain projects, as well as a favourable supplier contract adjustment that did not repeat
this year.

3.6.1. Western and Southern Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2023, adjusted EBIT in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $355.6 million, an
increase of $65.8 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 13.6% from 13.5%. The increase in
adjusted EBIT margin is mainly due to profitable organic growth within all vertical markets and lower performance based
compensation accruals. This was partially offset by less available days to bill, including the calendar impact of one less
available day to bill in Q4 2023, the planned temporary dilutive impact of the prior year's business acquisitions and the
expected increase in travel to support growing our business.

3.6.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
For the year ended September 30, 2023, adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $339.4
million, an increase of $34.6 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 14.9% from 14.7%. The
increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to the impact of a favorable supplier contract settlement and lower
performance based compensation accruals. This was partially offset by the impact of temporarily lower utilization due to
successful completion of projects and lower proportion of IP revenue from license sales as our clients increasingly shift to a
subscription fee-based model with a software-as-a-service delivery.


© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                         Page      23
24 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




3.6.3. Canada
For the year ended September 30, 2023, adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $477.5 million, an increase of $14.2
million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 23.1% from 23.4%. The change in adjusted EBIT
margin was mainly due to a prior year's favorable supplier contract adjustment that did not repeat this year and the impact of
temporarily lower utilization primarily within the financial services vertical market. This was partially offset by lower
performance based compensation accruals.

3.6.4. U.S. Federal
For the year ended September 30, 2023, adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Federal segment was $306.4 million, an increase of $30.0
million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin remained stable at 15.8% due to increased margin from transaction
volumes related to our IP business process services, offset by increased costs related to business development efforts,
including the expected increase in travel.

3.6.5. Scandinavia and Central Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2023, adjusted EBIT in the Scandinavia and Central Europe segment was $127.3 million,
an increase of $1.6 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 7.7% from 8.0%. The change in
adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to adjustments of cost to complete on certain projects and less available days to bill,
including the calendar impact of one less available day to bill in Q4 2023. This was partially offset by profitable organic growth
primarily within the government vertical market and lower performance based compensation accruals.

3.6.6. U.K. and Australia
For the year ended September 30, 2023, adjusted EBIT in the U.K. and Australia segment was $216.5 million, an increase of
$16.4 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 14.9% from 15.5%. The change in adjusted
EBIT margin was mainly due to the expected increase in travel to support growing our business.

3.6.7. Finland, Poland and Baltics
For the year ended September 30, 2023, adjusted EBIT in the Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $110.6 million, an
increase of $13.9 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin remained stable at 13.3% due to profitable
organic growth across most vertical markets, including an increase in IP-based revenues. This was offset by the costs
associated with the ramp up of managed IT services contracts within the government vertical market, higher performance
based compensation accruals as well as less available days to bill, including the calendar impact of one less available day to
bill in Q4 2023.

3.6.8. Northwest and Central-East Europe
For the year ended September 30, 2023, adjusted EBIT in the Northwest and Central-East Europe segment was $101.9
million, an increase of $13.6 million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 13.5% from 12.7%. The
increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to profitable organic growth within the communications and utilities and MRD
vertical markets and lower performance based compensation accruals. This was partially offset by less available days to bill,
including the calendar impact of one less available day to bill in Q4 2023.

3.6.9. Asia Pacific
For the year ended September 30, 2023, adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $277.6 million, an increase of $35.9
million when compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin held strong at 30.2% while gaining efficiencies.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page   24
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 25
Management’s Discussion and Analysis            | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



3.7. EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES
The following table provides a reconciliation between our adjusted EBIT and earnings before income taxes, which is reported
in accordance with IFRS:

                                                                                                                 Change
 For the years ended September 30,                                   % of                     % of
                                                        2023       Revenue       2022       Revenue          $             %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentage
 Adjusted EBIT                                         2,312,741      16.2%    2,086,636       16.2%        226,105            —%
 Minus the following items:
    Acquisition-related and integration costs            53,401        0.4%      27,654          0.2%        25,747           0.2%
    Cost optimization program                             8,964        0.1%             —        —%           8,964           0.1%
    Net finance costs                                    52,463        0.4%       92,023         0.7%      (39,560)        (0.3%)

 Earnings before income taxes                          2,197,913      15.4%    1,966,959       15.3%        230,954           0.1%


3.7.1. Acquisition-Related and Integration Costs
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred $53.4 million and $27.7 million, respectively, of
acquisition-related and integration costs for the integration towards the CGI operating model.

For the year ended September 30, 2023, these costs mainly included $23.2 million of costs of rationalizing the redundancy of
employment ($10.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2022), costs related to vacating leased premises for $10.8 million
($3.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2022) and acquisition-related costs of nil ($3.1 million for the year ended
September 30, 2022).

3.7.2. Cost Optimization Program
In Q4, the Company initiated a cost optimization program to accelerate actions to rightsize its real estate portfolio globally and
improve operational efficiencies, including the increased use of automation and global delivery, focused on administrative
activities. In the quarter, $9.0 million was expensed and the Company plans to incur approximately $65 million of additional
expenses over the first half of Fiscal 2024 related to this program.

3.7.3. Net Finance Costs
Net finance costs mainly include interest on our long-term debt, lease liabilities and financial assets. For the year ended
September 30, 2023, the net finance costs decreased by $39.6 million, mainly due to additional interest income from our
financial assets and lower interest charges related to our unsecured notes repaid in December 2021 as scheduled.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page      25
26 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




3.8. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:
                                                                                                                Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                       2023             2022               $                %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
 Earnings before income taxes                                         2,197,913         1,966,959          230,954            11.7%
 Income tax expense                                                     566,664           500,817           65,847            13.1%
    Effective tax rate                                                    25.8%            25.5%
 Net earnings                                                         1,631,249         1,466,142          165,107            11.3%
    Net earnings margin                                                   11.4%            11.4%
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting    234,041,041      239,262,004        (5,220,963)           (2.2%)
   shares (basic)
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting    237,702,081      242,867,445        (5,165,364)           (2.1%)
   shares (diluted)
 Earnings per share (in dollars)
   Basic                                                                      6.97             6.13            0.84           13.7%
   Diluted                                                                    6.86             6.04            0.82           13.6%


3.8.1. Income Tax Expense
For the year ended September 30, 2023, income tax expense was $566.7 million compared to $500.8 million over last year,
while our effective tax rate increased from 25.5% to 25.8% for the year ended September 30, 2023 compared to the year
ended September 30, 2022.

When excluding tax effects from acquisition-related and integration costs, the effective tax rate increased from 25.4% to
25.7% for the year ended September 30, 2023 compared to the year ended September 30, 2022. The increase is mainly
attributable to the increase in the U.K. statutory tax rate and a change in profitability mix in certain geographies, partly offset by
the decrease in the France statutory tax rate.

The table in section 3.8.3. shows the year-over-year comparison of the tax rate with the impact of specific items removed.

Based on the enacted rates at the end of Fiscal 2023 and our current profitability mix, we expect our effective tax rate before
specific items to be in the range of 25.0% to 26.5% in subsequent periods.

3.8.2. Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding
For Fiscal 2023, CGI’s basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding decreased compared to Fiscal 2022
due to the impact of the purchase for cancellation of Class A Shares, partly offset by the grant and the exercise of stock
options. The table in section 3.8.3. shows the year-over-year comparison of the weighted average number of shares
outstanding. Please refer to notes 19, 20 and 21 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page     26
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 27
Management’s Discussion and Analysis              | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



3.8.3. Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Excluding Specific Items
Below is a table showing the year-over-year comparison excluding specific items, namely cost optimization program and
acquisition-related and integration costs.

                                                                                                                 Change
 For the years ended September 30,
                                                                         2023            2022             $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages and shares data
 Earnings before income taxes                                            2,197,913       1,966,959        230,954         11.7%
 Add back:
    Acquisition-related and integration costs                              53,401          27,654          25,747         93.1%
    Cost optimization program                                                8,964               —            8,964           —%

 Earnings before income taxes excluding specific items                   2,260,278       1,994,613        265,665         13.3%

 Income tax expense                                                       566,664         500,817          65,847         13.1%
    Effective tax rate                                                      25.8%           25.5%
 Add back:
    Tax deduction on acquisition-related and integration costs             11,336            5,942            5,394       90.8%
    Impact on effective tax rate                                            (0.1%)          (0.1%)
    Tax deduction on cost optimization program                               2,240               —            2,240           —%
    Impact on effective tax rate                                                —%              —%

 Income tax expense excluding specific items                              580,240         506,759          73,481         14.5%

    Effective tax rate excluding specific items                             25.7%           25.4%

 Net earnings excluding specific items                                   1,680,038       1,487,854        192,184         12.9%

    Net earnings margin excluding specific items                            11.8%           11.6%

 Weighted average number of shares outstanding
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting       234,041,041     239,262,004                        (2.2%)
   shares (basic)
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting       237,702,081     242,867,445                        (2.1%)
   shares (diluted)

 Earnings per share excluding specific items (in dollars)

   Basic                                                                        7.18            6.22           0.96       15.4%

   Diluted                                                                      7.07            6.13           0.94       15.3%




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page     27
28 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




    4. Liquidity
4.1. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
CGI’s growth is financed through a combination of cash flow from operations, drawing on our unsecured committed revolving
credit facility, the issuance of long-term debt, and the issuance of equity. One of our financial priorities is to maintain an optimal
level of liquidity through the active management of our assets and liabilities as well as our cash flows.

As at September 30, 2023, cash and cash equivalents were $1,568.3 million. Cash included in funds held for clients was
$269.8 million. The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash and cash equivalents for the years
ended September 30, 2023 and 2022.

 For the years ended September 30,                                                                     2023                  2022                 Change
 In thousands of CAD

 Cash provided by operating activities                                                                 2,112,249              1,864,998               247,251

 Cash used in investing activities                                                                      (561,858)             (911,947)               350,089

 Cash used in financing activities                                                                    (1,192,376)           (1,591,098)               398,722
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and cash                                 8,884               (46,500)                55,384
 included in funds held for clients
 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and cash included in                                   366,899             (684,547)             1,051,446
 funds held for clients


4.1.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
For the year ended September 30, 2023, cash provided by operating activities was $2,112.2 million or 14.8% of revenue
compared to $1,865.0 million or 14.5% of revenue for the same period last year.

The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities:

 For the years ended September 30,                                                                     2023                  2022                 Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Net earnings                                                                                          1,631,249              1,466,142               165,107
 Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                                519,648               474,622                 45,026
                       1
 Other adjustments                                                                                       (55,113)                35,127               (90,240)
 Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash working                             2,095,784              1,975,891               119,893
 capital items and others
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others:
     Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                            91,115             (106,307)               197,422
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation and                                 (179,052)                (4,876)             (174,176)
     employee-related liabilities, provisions and long-term liabilities
     Others2                                                                                              104,402                    290              104,112
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others                                                   16,465             (110,893)               127,358
 Cash provided by operating activities                                                                 2,112,249              1,864,998               247,251
1
     Comprised of deferred income tax recovery, foreign exchange gain, share-based payment costs and gain on lease terminations.
2
     Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets (excluding long-term receivables), income taxes, derivative financial instruments
     and retirement benefits obligations.

The increase of $247.3 million from our cash provided by operating activities was mostly due to improved collections and
higher net earnings, partially offset by the timing of accounts payable and accrued liabilities and the payment of integration
costs.

The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                         Page     28
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 29
Management’s Discussion and Analysis              | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



4.1.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities
For the year ended September 30, 2023, $561.9 million was used in investing activities, while $911.9 million was used over
last year.

The following table provides a summary of the use of cash from investing activities:

 For the years ended September 30,                                                   2023              2022           Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Business acquisitions (considering bank overdraft assumed and                         (13,039)        (571,911)         558,872
 cash acquired)
 Loan receivable                                                                       (15,846)               —          (15,846)
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                            (159,769)        (156,136)          (3,633)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                         —             3,790          (3,790)
 Additions to contract costs                                                          (102,082)         (84,283)         (17,799)
 Additions to intangible assets                                                       (147,200)        (137,621)          (9,579)
 Net change in short-term investments and purchase of long-term investments           (123,922)           34,214        (158,136)
 Cash used in investing activities                                                    (561,858)        (911,947)         350,089

The decrease of $350.1 million in cash used in investing activities during the year ended September 30, 2023 was mainly due
to the cash used in the prior year for the business acquisitions. This was partially offset by the purchase of investments for the
funds held for clients.

4.1.3. Cash Used in Financing Activities
For the year ended September 30, 2023, $1,192.4 million was used in financing activities while $1,591.1 million was used over
last year.

The following table provides a summary of the use of cash from financing activities:

 For the years ended September 30,                                                   2023              2022           Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Increase of long-term debt                                                                 948               —                948
 Repayment of long-term debt                                                           (79,150)        (401,654)         322,504
 Payment of lease liabilities                                                         (161,211)        (153,996)          (7,215)
 Repayment of debt assumed from business acquisitions                                  (56,994)        (113,036)           56,042
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                          2,921             6,258          (3,337)
 Withholding taxes remitted on the net settlement of performance share units           (13,879)               —          (13,879)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts                          (74,455)         (70,303)          (4,152)
 Purchase and cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares                       (788,020)        (913,388)         125,368
 Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                          88,316            41,691           46,625
 Net change in clients' funds obligations                                             (110,852)           13,330        (124,182)
 Cash used in financing activities                                                  (1,192,376)       (1,591,098)        398,722

The decrease of $398.7 million was mainly driven by the scheduled repayment of senior unsecured notes in Q1 2022, the
purchase for cancellation of 6,234,096 Class A Shares compared to 8,809,839 Class A Shares over last year and repayment of
debt assumed from business acquisitions in the prior year. This was partially offset by the net change in clients' funds
obligations.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page      29
30 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




4.1.4. Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate Changes on Cash, Cash Equivalents and Cash
Included in Funds Held for Clients
For the year ended September 30, 2023, the effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and cash
included in funds held for clients had a favourable impact of $8.9 million. This amount had no effect on net earnings as it was
recorded in other comprehensive income.

4.2. CAPITAL RESOURCES
 As at September 30, 2023                                                                                                                        Available
 In thousands of CAD
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                            1,568,291
    Short-term investments                                                                                                                                    7,332
    Long-term investments                                                                                                                                    17,113
                                                       1
    Unsecured committed revolving credit facility                                                                                                        1,495,858
 Total 2
                                                                                                                                                        3,088,594
1
     As at September 30, 2023, letters of credit in the amount of $4.1 million were outstanding against the $1.5 billion unsecured committed revolving credit facility.
2
     Excludes cash, term deposit and long-term bonds included in funds held for clients for $269.8 million, $80.0 million and $138.9 million, respectively.

As at September 30, 2023, cash and cash equivalents and investments represented $1,592.7 million.

Cash equivalents include term deposits, all with maturities of 90 days or less. Short-term and long-term investments include
corporate bonds with maturities ranging from 91 days to five years, with a credit rating of A- or higher.

As at September 30, 2023, the aggregate amount of the capital resources available to the Company was $3,088.6 million.
Certain long-term debt agreements contain covenants, which require us to maintain certain financial ratios. As at
September 30, 2023, CGI was in compliance with these covenants.

As at September 30, 2023, CGI was showing a positive working capital (total current assets minus total current liabilities) of
$287.9 million. The Company also had $1,495.9 million available under its unsecured committed revolving credit facility and is
generating a significant level of cash, which CGI's management currently considers will allow the Company to fund its
operations while maintaining adequate levels of liquidity.

The tax implications and impact related to the repatriation of cash will not materially affect the Company’s liquidity.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                              Page     30
                                                                                                                       FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 31
Management’s Discussion and Analysis                 | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



4.3. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
We are committed under the terms of contractual obligations which have various expiration dates, primarily related to long-
term debt and the rental of premises, computer equipment used in outsourcing contracts and long-term service agreements.

                                                                                Less than                                            More than
 Commitment type                                             Total                                     1 - 3 years    3 - 5 years
                                                                                  1 year                                              5 years
 In thousands of CAD
 Long-term debt                                              3,114,763              1,158,868               813,608        600,449       541,838
 Estimated interest on long-term debt                          227,600                 66,459                73,666         50,110        37,365
 Lease liabilities                                             641,963                198,857               206,898        123,022       113,186
 Estimated interest on lease liabilities                         80,321                23,020                31,111         16,253         9,937
 Long-term service agreements                                  323,957                151,720               141,768         30,469               —
         1
 Total                                                       4,388,604              1,598,924             1,267,051        820,303       702,326
1
    Excludes clients' funds obligations for an amount of $493.6 million payable in less than 1 year.


4.4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
We use various financial instruments to help us manage our exposure to fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and
interest rates. Please refer to note 32 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on our
financial instruments and hedging transactions.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                           Page       31
32 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




4.5. SELECTED MEASURES OF CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY
 As at September 30,                                                                                                 2023                        2022
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Reconciliation between net debt and long-term debt and lease liabilities1:
 Net debt                                                                                                               2,134,644                   2,946,908
 Add back:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                           1,568,291                     966,458
    Short-term investments                                                                                                   7,332                       6,184
    Long-term investments                                                                                                   17,113                      16,826
    Fair value of foreign currency derivative financial instruments related to debt                                         14,904                      39,859
 Long-term debt and lease liabilities      1
                                                                                                                        3,742,284                   3,976,235
 Net debt to capitalization ratio                                                                                           20.4%                       28.8%
 Return on invested capital                                                                                                 16.0%                       15.7%
 Days sales outstanding                                                                                                          44                         49
1
    As at September 30, 2023, long-term debt and lease liabilities were $3,100.3 million ($3,267.0 million as at September 30, 2022) and $642.0 million ($709.2
    million as at September 30, 2022), respectively, including their current portions.

During the year ended September 30, 2023, as a result of the interbank offered rates (IBORs) reform and the related expiry of
the USD London Interbank Offered Rate (Libor) rate effective June 30, 2023, the Company renegotiated the unsecured
committed term loan credit facility and the related cross-currency interest rate swaps (the hedging instruments) both expiring in
December 2023 to transition to the one month Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) rate from the one month USD Libor
rate. The change in rate resulted in no significant impact on the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements for the
year ended September 30, 2023.

During the year ended September 30, 2023, we have reclassified the unsecured committed term loan credit facility due in
December 2023 under the current portion of long-term debt, within current liabilities, for a total amount of $676.9 million.

On November 6, 2023, the unsecured committed revolving credit facility was extended by one year to November 2028 and can
be further extended. There were no material changes in the terms and conditions including interest rates and banking
covenants.

We use the net debt to capitalization ratio as an indication of our financial leverage in order to realize our Build and Buy
strategy (please refer to section 1.2. of the present document for additional information on our Build and Buy strategy). The net
debt to capitalization ratio decreased to 20.4% in Fiscal 2023 from 28.8% in Fiscal 2022 mostly due to our cash generation,
partially offset by the repurchase of shares during the last four quarters.

ROIC is a measure of the Company’s efficiency in allocating the capital under our control to profitable investments. The return
on invested capital ratio increased to 16.0% in Fiscal 2023 from 15.7% in Fiscal 2022. The increase in ROIC was mainly the
result of higher net earnings excluding net finance costs after-tax over the last four quarters.

DSO decreased to 44 days at the end of Fiscal 2023 when compared to 49 days in Fiscal 2022. The decrease was mainly due
to improved collections and foreign exchange fluctuations.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                         Page      32
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 33
Management’s Discussion and Analysis      | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



4.6. GUARANTEES
In the normal course of operations, we may enter into agreements to provide financial or performance assurances to third
parties on the sale of assets, business divestitures and guarantees on government and commercial contracts.

In connection with sales of assets and business divestitures, the Company may be required to pay counterparties for costs and
losses incurred as a result of breaches in our contractual obligations, including representations and warranties, intellectual
property right infringement claims and litigation against counterparties, among others.

While some of the agreements specify a maximum potential exposure, others do not specify a maximum amount or a maturity
date or survival period. It is not possible to reasonably estimate the maximum amount that may have to be paid under such
guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which
cannot be determined at this time. No amount has been accrued in the consolidated balance sheets relating to this type of
guarantee or indemnification as at September 30, 2023. The Company does not expect to incur any potential payment in
connection with these guarantees that could have a material adverse effect on its audited consolidated financial statements.

In the normal course of business, we may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and performance
bonds. In general, we would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if we refuse to perform the project once we are
awarded the bid. We would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of a default in the performance of our
obligations. As at September 30, 2023, we had committed a total of $34.3 million for these bonds. To the best of our
knowledge, we complied with our performance obligations under all service contracts for which there was a bid or performance
bond, and the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these guarantees would not have a material adverse effect on
our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.


4.7. CAPABILITY TO DELIVER RESULTS
CGI's management believes that the Company has sufficient capital resources to support ongoing business operations and
execute our Build and Buy growth strategy. Our principal and most accretive uses of cash are: to invest in our business
(procuring new large managed IT and business process services contracts and developing business and IP solutions); to
pursue accretive acquisitions; to purchase for cancellation Class A Shares and pay down debt. In terms of financing, we are
well positioned to continue executing our four-pillar growth strategy in Fiscal 2024.

To successfully implement the Company's strategy, CGI relies on a strong leadership team, supported by highly
knowledgeable consultants and professionals with relevant relationships and significant experience in both IT and our targeted
industries. CGI fosters leadership development through the CGI Leadership Institute ensuring continuity and knowledge
transfer across the organization. For key positions, a detailed succession plan is established and revised frequently.

As a Company built on human capital, the knowledge of our consultants and professionals are critical to delivering quality
service to our clients. Our human resources program allows us to attract and retain the best talent as it provides competitive
compensation and benefits, a favourable working environment, training programs and career development opportunities.
Employee satisfaction is monitored annually through a Company-wide survey. In addition, a majority of our professionals are
owners of CGI through our Share Purchase Plan, which, along with our Profit Participation Plan, allows them to share in the
Company's success, further aligning stakeholder interests.

In addition to capital resources and talent, CGI has established the Management Foundation, which encompasses governance
policies, organizational models and sophisticated management frameworks for our business units and corporate processes.
This robust governance model provides a common business language for managing all operations consistently across the
globe, driving a focus on continuous improvement. CGI’s operations maintain appropriate certifications in accordance with
service requirements such as ISO and CMMI certification programs.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page   33
34 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022

Management’s Discussion and Analysis             | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022

5. Fourth Quarter Results
5. Fourth Quarter Results
5.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO
5.1. BOOKINGS
Bookings for the quarterAND
                         endedBOOK-TO-BILL        RATIO
                               September 30, 2023 were  $4.0 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 113.9%. The
breakdown of the new bookings signed during the quarter is as follows:
Bookings for the quarter ended September 30, 2023 were $4.0 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 113.9%. The
breakdown of the new bookings signed during the quarter is as follows:

                                                                                           G H                                     D E
                                                                                       F             A
         B                                   B                                                                                                     A
                                                                                   E                                         C
             Contract Type                       Service Type                              Segment                               Vertical Market
                                                                A                                        B
                             A                                                       D

                                                                                              C                                       B




  A   Extensions,                63%   A   Managed IT               60%      A    U.S. Federal               23%     A   Government                    40%
      renewals                             and business
      and add-ons                          process services                  B    U.S. Commercial and 19%            B   MRD                           25%
                                                                                  State Government
  B   New business               37%   B   Business and            40%                                               C   Financial services            25%
                                           strategic IT consulting           C    Canada                     17%
                                                                                                                     D   Communications                 7%
                                           and systems                                                                   and utilities
                                                                             D    Western and                15%
                                           integration services
                                                                                  Southern Europe
                                                                                                                     E   Health                         3%
                                                                             E    Scandinavia and            9%
                                                                                  Central Europe
                                                                              F   U.K. and Australia         8%
                                                                             G    Northwest and              5%
                                                                                  Central-East Europe
                                                                             H    Finland, Poland            4%
                                                                                  and Baltics


The following table provides a summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:

The following table provides a summary of the bookings and book-to-bill
                                                       Bookings for the ratio
                                                                        threeby segment:
                                                                                Bookings for the year                             Book-to-bill ratio for
  In thousands of CAD except for percentages                               months ended           ended September 30,                 the year ended
                                                                      September   30, three
                                                                                       2023       Bookings for the 2023           September 30,    2023
                                                                    Bookings for the                               year           Book-to-bill ratio for
  In thousands
  Total CGI    of CAD except for percentages                               months   ended
                                                                                3,996,180         ended September    30,
                                                                                                            16,259,144                the year113.7%
                                                                                                                                                 ended
                                                                      September 30, 2023                           2023           September 30, 2023
  U.S. Federal                                                                    925,791                    2,878,094                          148.1%
  Total CGI                                                                     3,996,180                   16,259,144                          113.7%
  U.S. Commercial and State Government                                            739,145                    2,734,687                          110.9%
  U.S. Federal                                                                    925,791                    2,878,094                          148.1%
  Canada                                                                          668,465                    2,518,745                          112.7%
  U.S. Commercial and State Government                                            739,145                    2,734,687                          110.9%
  Western and Southern Europe                                                     607,132                    2,829,306                          110.3%
  Canada                                                                          668,465                    2,518,745                          112.7%
  Scandinavia and Central Europe                                                  377,113                    1,831,999                          105.3%
  Western and Southern Europe                                                     607,132                    2,829,306                          110.3%
  U.K. and Australia                                                              306,800                    1,763,767                          105.2%
  Scandinavia and Central Europe                                                  377,113                    1,831,999                          105.3%
  Northwest and Central-East Europe                                               215,284                      819,224                          102.4%
  U.K. and Australia                                                              306,800                    1,763,767                          105.2%
  Finland, Poland and Baltics                                                     156,450                      883,321                          101.7%
  Northwest and Central-East Europe                                               215,284                      819,224                          102.4%
  Finland, Poland and Baltics                                                      156,450                         883,321                         101.7%




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                        Page   34
                                                                                                 FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 35
Management’s Discussion and Analysis     | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



5.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE
The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS, we
value assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various exchange rates. We report all
dollar amounts in Canadian dollars.


Closing foreign exchange rates

 As at September 30,                                                                2023            2022           Change
 U.S. dollar                                                                          1.3538           1.3756           (1.6%)
 Euro                                                                                 1.4327           1.3454            6.5%
 Indian rupee                                                                         0.0162           0.0169           (4.1%)
 British pound                                                                        1.6530           1.5310            8.0%
 Swedish krona                                                                        0.1243           0.1236            0.6%


Average foreign exchange rates

 For the three months ended September 30,                                           2023            2022           Change
 U.S. dollar                                                                          1.3412           1.3061            2.7%
 Euro                                                                                 1.4593           1.3147           11.0%
 Indian rupee                                                                         0.0162           0.0164           (1.2%)
 British pound                                                                        1.6979           1.5360           10.5%
 Swedish krona                                                                        0.1241           0.1238            0.2%




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                         Page     35
36 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




5.3. REVENUE DISTRIBUTION
The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the quarter ended September 30, 2023:



                                                                      H                                         E
                                                                 G                                          D
                                                             F                       A
                                                                                                                              A
               B                                         E             Client
                   Service Type                                                                             Vertical Market
                                   A                                 Geography
                                                                                                        C
                                                         D
                                                                                 B
                                                                      C                                             B



     A   Managed IT and                55%    A   U.S.                                   31%   A   Government                     37%
         business process
         services                             B   Canada                                 16%   B   Financial services             23%

     B   Business and                  45%    C   France                                 15%   C   MRD                            21%
         strategic IT consulting                                                               D   Communications                 13%
                                              D   U.K.                                   12%
         and systems                                                                               and utilities
         integration services                 E   Germany                                7%
                                                                                               E   Health                         6%
                                              F   Finland                                6%
                                              G   Sweden                                 4%
                                              H   Rest of the world                      9%




5.3.1. Client Concentration
IFRS guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known to the reporting entity
to be under common control. As a consequence, our work for the U.S. federal government including its various agencies
represented 14.0% of our revenue for Q4 2023 as compared to 14.1% for Q4 2022.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                    Page   36
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 37
Management’s Discussion and Analysis          | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



5.4. REVENUE BY SEGMENT
Our segments are reported based on where the client's work is delivered from within our geographic delivery model.

The following table provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment, separately
showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between the Q4 2023 and Q4 2022 periods. The Q4 2022
revenue by segment was recorded reflecting the actual average foreign exchange rates for that period. The foreign exchange
impact is the difference between the current period’s actual results and the current period’s results converted with the prior
year’s average foreign exchange rates.

                                                                                                             Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                     2023           2022              $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Total CGI revenue                                                   3,507,336      3,247,221         260,115             8.0%
 Constant currency revenue growth                                        2.2%
 Foreign currency impact                                                 5.8%
 Variation over previous period                                          8.0%
 Western and Southern Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                             546,647        547,516              (869)        (0.2%)
 Foreign currency impact                                               59,881
 Western and Southern Europe revenue                                  606,528        547,516           59,012           10.8%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                             551,592        557,161          (5,569)          (1.0%)
 Foreign currency impact                                               15,675
 U.S. Commercial and State Government revenue                         567,267        557,161           10,106             1.8%
 Canada
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                             508,644        496,049           12,595             2.5%
 Foreign currency impact                                                    707
 Canada revenue                                                       509,351        496,049           13,302             2.7%
 U.S. Federal
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                             476,183        463,094           13,089             2.8%
 Foreign currency impact                                               13,630
 U.S. Federal revenue                                                 489,813        463,094           26,719             5.8%
 Scandinavia and Central Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                             369,023        365,403              3,620           1.0%
 Foreign currency impact                                               22,583
 Scandinavia and Central Europe revenue                               391,606        365,403           26,203             7.2%
 U.K. and Australia
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                             340,934        331,443              9,491           2.9%
 Foreign currency impact                                               34,806
 U.K. and Australia revenue                                           375,740        331,443           44,297           13.4%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                             174,026        164,476              9,550           5.8%
 Foreign currency impact                                               19,776
 Finland, Poland and Baltics revenue                                  193,802        164,476           29,326           17.8%




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                         Page     37
38 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




                                                                                                               Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                      2023             2022               $               %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Northwest and Central-East Europe
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                              168,007          155,754           12,253              7.9%
 Foreign currency impact                                                19,094
 Northwest and Central-East Europe revenue                             187,101          155,754           31,347            20.1%
 Asia Pacific
 Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                              235,764          214,313           21,451            10.0%
 Foreign currency impact                                                  (629)
 Asia Pacific revenue                                                  235,135          214,313           20,822              9.7%

 Eliminations                                                          (49,007)         (47,988)          (1,019)             2.1%

We ended the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023 with revenue of $3,507.3 million, an increase of $260.1 million, or 8.0% when
compared to the same period of Fiscal 2022. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $70.6 million or 2.2%. The
increase was mainly due to organic growth across most vertical markets, including an increase in IP-based revenues. This was
partially offset by the calendar impact of one less available day to bill.

5.4.1. Western and Southern Europe
Revenue in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $606.5 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $59.0 million or 10.8%
over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $0.9 million or 0.2%. The change was
mainly due to the calendar impact of one less available day to bill. This was partially offset by organic growth across most
vertical markets.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Western and Southern Europe vertical markets were MRD and financial services,
generating combined revenues of approximately $373 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023.

5.4.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
Revenue from the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $567.3 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $10.1
million or 1.8% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $5.6 million or 1.0%. The
change was mainly due to the calendar impact of one less available day to bill and increased use of our Asia Pacific offshore
delivery centers for client work. This was partially offset by the organic growth within the financial services and health vertical
markets.
On a client geographic basis, the top two U.S. Commercial and State Government vertical markets were financial services and
government, generating combined revenues of approximately $374 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023.

5.4.3. Canada
Revenue in the Canada segment was $509.4 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $13.3 million or 2.7% over the same period
last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $12.6 million or 2.5%. The increase was mainly due to organic
growth across most vertical markets, including an increase in IP-based revenues within the financial services vertical market.
On a client geographic basis, the top two Canada vertical markets were financial services and communications and utilities,
generating combined revenues of approximately $346 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023.

5.4.4. U.S. Federal
Revenue in the U.S. Federal segment was $489.8 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $26.7 million or 5.8% over the same
period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $13.1 million or 2.8%. The increase in revenue was
mainly due to organic growth in managed services engagements, as well as an adjustment due to a reevaluation of cost to
complete on a project in the prior year. This was partially offset by the successful completion of projects.
For the three months ended September 30, 2023, 90% of revenues within the U.S. Federal segment were federal civilian
based.



© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page     38
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 39
Management’s Discussion and Analysis      | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



5.4.5. Scandinavia and Central Europe
Revenue in the Scandinavia and Central Europe segment was $391.6 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $26.2 million or 7.2%
over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $3.6 million or 1.0%. The increase was
mainly driven by organic growth primarily within the government vertical market. This was partially offset by adjustments of
cost to complete on certain projects and the calendar impact of one less available day to bill.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Scandinavia and Central Europe vertical markets were MRD and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $290 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023.

5.4.6. U.K. and Australia
Revenue in the U.K. and Australia segment was $375.7 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $44.3 million or 13.4% over the
same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $9.5 million or 2.9%. The increase was mainly due
to organic growth within the government vertical market, partially offset by successful completion of projects. This was partially
offset by the increased use of our Asia Pacific offshore delivery centers for client work.

On a client geographic basis, the top two U.K. and Australia vertical markets were government and communications and
utilities, generating combined revenues of approximately $319 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023.

5.4.7. Finland, Poland and Baltics
Revenue in the Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $193.8 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $29.3 million or 17.8%
over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $9.5 million or 5.8%. The increase was
mainly due to organic growth across most vertical markets, predominantly in financial services. This was partially offset by the
successful completion of IP projects within the government vertical market and the calendar impact of one less available day to
bill.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Finland, Poland and Baltics vertical markets were financial services and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $121 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023.

5.4.8. Northwest and Central-East Europe
Revenue in the Northwest and Central-East Europe segment was $187.1 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $31.3 million or
20.1% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $12.3 million or 7.9%. The
increase in revenue was primarily due to organic growth within most vertical markets. This was partly offset by the calendar
impact of one less available day to bill.

On a client geographic basis, the top two Northwest and Central-East Europe vertical markets were MRD and government,
generating combined revenues of approximately $122 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023.

5.4.9. Asia Pacific
Revenue in the Asia Pacific segment was $235.1 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $20.8 million or 9.7% over the same period
last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $21.5 million or 10.0%. The increase was mainly driven by the
continued demand for our offshore delivery centers across all commercial vertical markets, partially offset by the calendar
impact of one less available day to bill.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page   39
40 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




5.5. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT
                                                                                                                Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                     2023              2022              $                %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentages
 Western and Southern Europe                                            78,068           55,913           22,155            39.6%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                    12.9%            10.2%
 U.S. Commercial and State Government                                   94,628           85,376              9,252          10.8%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                    16.7%            15.3%
 Canada                                                                127,385          122,088              5,297            4.3%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                    25.0%            24.6%
 U.S. Federal                                                           74,227           67,999              6,228            9.2%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                    15.2%            14.7%
 Scandinavia and Central Europe                                         20,686           30,729          (10,043)         (32.7%)
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                     5.3%             8.4%
 U.K. and Australia                                                     60,638           53,163              7,475          14.1%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                    16.1%            16.0%
 Finland, Poland and Baltics                                            27,383           26,136              1,247            4.8%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                    14.1%            15.9%
 Northwest and Central-East Europe                                      26,471           19,095              7,376          38.6%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                    14.1%            12.3%
 Asia Pacific                                                           63,553           61,197              2,356            3.8%
   As a percentage of segment revenue                                    27.0%            28.6%
 Adjusted EBIT                                                         573,039          521,696           51,343              9.8%
   Adjusted EBIT margin                                                  16.3%            16.1%

Adjusted EBIT for the quarter was $573.0 million, an increase of $51.3 million from Q4 2022. The adjusted EBIT margin
increased to 16.3% from 16.1% over the same period last year. The increase was mainly due to the profitable organic growth
in most vertical markets. This was partly offset by the calendar impact of one less available day to bill, reevaluation of cost to
complete on certain projects, the increase in business development efforts and the expected increase in travel.

5.5.1. Western and Southern Europe
Adjusted EBIT in the Western and Southern Europe segment was $78.1 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $22.2 million when
compared to Q4 2022. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 12.9% from 10.2% in Q4 2022. The increase in adjusted EBIT
margin is mainly due to profitable organic growth across most vertical markets, lower performance based compensation
accrual and higher employee related government incentives. This was partially offset by the calendar impact of one less
available day to bill.

5.5.2. U.S. Commercial and State Government
Adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Commercial and State Government segment was $94.6 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $9.3
million when compared to Q4 2022. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 16.7% from 15.3% in Q4 2022. The increase in
adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to profitable organic growth within the financial services vertical market. This was
partially offset by lower proportion of IP revenue from license sales as our clients increasingly shift to a subscription fee-based
model with a software-as-a-service delivery.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page     40
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 41
Management’s Discussion and Analysis      | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



5.5.3. Canada
Adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $127.4 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $5.3 million when compared to Q4 2022.
Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 25.0% from 24.6% in Q4 2022. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to
profitable organic growth across most vertical markets.

5.5.4. U.S. Federal
Adjusted EBIT in the U.S. Federal segment was $74.2 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $6.2 million when compared to Q4
2022. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 15.2% from 14.7% in Q4 2022. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly
due to reevaluation of cost to complete on a project in the prior year and lower performance based compensation accruals.
This was partially offset by an increase in business development efforts, including the expected increase in travel, as well as
the successful completion of projects.

5.5.5. Scandinavia and Central Europe
Adjusted EBIT in the Scandinavia and Central Europe segment was $20.7 million in Q4 2023, a decrease of $10.0 million
when compared to Q4 2022. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 5.3% from 8.4% in Q4 2022. The change in adjusted EBIT
margin was mainly due to adjustments of cost to complete on certain projects and the calendar impact of one less available
day to bill. This was partially offset by profitable organic growth primarily within the government vertical market.

5.5.6. U.K. and Australia
Adjusted EBIT in the U.K. and Australia segment was $60.6 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $7.5 million when compared to
Q4 2022. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 16.1% from 16.0% in Q4 2022. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly
due to profitable organic growth within the government and communications and utilities vertical markets, partially offset by
higher performance based compensation accruals and the expected increase in travel to support growing our business.

5.5.7. Finland, Poland and Baltics
Adjusted EBIT in the Finland, Poland and Baltics segment was $27.4 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $1.2 million when
compared to Q4 2022. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 14.1% from 15.9% in Q4 2022 mainly due to successful completion
of IP projects within the government vertical market, higher performance based compensation accruals, costs associated with
the ramp up of managed IT services contracts within the government vertical market, as well as the calendar impact of one
less available day to bill. This was partially offset by profitable organic growth across most vertical markets.

5.5.8. Northwest and Central-East Europe
Adjusted EBIT in the Northwest and Central-East Europe segment was $26.5 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $7.4 million
when compared to Q4 2022. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 14.1% from 12.3% in Q4 2022 mainly due to profitable
organic growth within most vertical markets, partly offset by the calendar impact of one less available day to bill.

5.5.9. Asia Pacific
Adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $63.6 million in Q4 2023, an increase of $2.4 million when compared to Q4
2022. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 27.0% from 28.6% in Q4 2022. The change in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly
driven by the calendar impact of one less available day to bill.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page    41
42 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




5.6. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:

                                                                                                                 Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                            2023          2022            $                %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
 Adjusted EBIT                                                               573,039       521,696        51,343               9.8%
 Minus the following items:
    Acquisition-related and integration costs                                      —        14,775       (14,775)         (100.0%)
    Cost optimization program                                                   8,964            —            8,964            —%
    Net finance costs                                                           6,148       21,019       (14,871)          (70.8%)
 Earnings before income taxes                                                557,927       485,902        72,025            14.8%
 Income tax expense                                                          143,451       123,540        19,911            16.1%
    Effective tax rate                                                         25.7%         25.4%
 Net earnings                                                                414,476       362,362        52,114            14.4%
    Net earnings margin                                                        11.8%         11.2%
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares   231,931,083   236,360,510                         (1.9%)
   (basic)
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares   235,703,369   239,891,696                         (1.7%)
   (diluted)
 Earnings per share (in dollars)
   Basic                                                                         1.79          1.53            0.26         17.0%
   Diluted                                                                       1.76          1.51            0.25         16.6%

For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the income tax expense was $143.5 million compared to $123.5 million over
the same period last year, while our effective tax rate increased to 25.7% from 25.4%. The increase in the income tax rate was
mainly explained by the increase in the UK statutory tax rate, partly offset by the decrease in the France statutory tax rate and
a change in profitability mix in certain geographies.

For Q4 2023, CGI’s basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding decreased compared to Q4 2022 due
to the impact of the purchase for cancellation of Class A Shares during the year. This was partly offset by the exercise of stock
options during the year.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page      42
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 43
Management’s Discussion and Analysis            | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



5.6.1. Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Excluding Specific Items
Below is a table showing the year-over-year comparison excluding specific items, namely cost optimization program and
acquisition-related and integration costs:

                                                                                                                  Change
 For the three months ended September 30,
                                                                            2023          2022             $                %
 In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
 Earnings before income taxes                                                557,927       485,902         72,025            14.8%
 Add back:
    Acquisition-related and integration costs                                      —        14,775        (14,775)         (100.0%)
    Cost optimization program                                                   8,964            —             8,964            —%
 Earnings before income taxes excluding specific items                       566,891       500,677         66,214            13.2%
 Income tax expense                                                          143,451       123,540         19,911            16.1%
    Effective tax rate                                                         25.7%         25.4%
 Add back:
    Tax deduction on acquisition-related and integration costs                     —          4,082        (4,082)         (100.0%)
    Impact on effective tax rate                                                   —%         0.1%
    Tax deduction on cost optimization program                                  2,240            —             2,240            —%
    Impact on effective tax rate                                                   —%            —%
 Income tax expense excluding specific items                                 145,691       127,622         18,069            14.2%
    Effective tax rate excluding specific items                                25.7%         25.5%
 Net earnings excluding specific items                                       421,200       373,055         48,145            12.9%
    Net earnings margin excluding specific items                               12.0%         11.5%
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares   231,931,083   236,360,510                          (1.9%)
   (basic)
   Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares   235,703,369   239,891,696                          (1.7%)
   (diluted)
 Earnings per share excluding specific items (in dollars)
   Basic                                                                         1.82          1.58             0.24         15.2%
   Diluted                                                                       1.79          1.56             0.23         14.7%




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page     43
44 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




5.7. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
As at September 30, 2023, cash and cash equivalents were $1,568.3 million. Cash included in funds held for clients was
$269.8 million. The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash and cash equivalents for the
quarters ended September 30, 2023 and 2022.

 For the three months ended September 30,                                                              2023                  2022                 Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Cash provided by operating activities                                                                    628,734               488,861               139,873
 Cash used in investing activities                                                                       (93,002)               (87,111)                (5,891)
 Cash used in financing activities                                                                      (603,611)             (314,995)              (288,616)
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and cash                                    111               29,151               (29,040)
 included in funds held for clients
 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and cash included in                                  (67,768)               115,906              (183,674)
 funds held for clients


5.7.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
For Q4 2023, cash provided by operating activities was $628.7 million or 17.9% of revenue compared to $488.9 million or
15.1% of revenue for the same period last year.

The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities:

 For the three months ended September 30,                                                              2023                  2022                 Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Net earnings                                                                                             414,476               362,362                 52,114
 Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                                138,097               121,020                 17,077
                      1
 Other adjustments                                                                                         (4,742)               12,472               (17,214)
 Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash working                                547,831               495,854                 51,977
 capital items and others
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others:
     Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                           138,603                24,699               113,904
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation and                                    (1,956)              (12,985)                11,029
     employee-related liabilities, provisions and long-term liabilities
              2
     Others                                                                                              (55,744)               (18,707)              (37,037)
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others                                                   80,903                (6,993)                87,896
 Cash provided by operating activities                                                                    628,734               488,861               139,873

 1
     Comprised of deferred income tax recovery, foreign exchange gain, share-based payment costs and gain on lease terminations.
 2
     Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets (excluding long-term receivables), income taxes, derivative financial instruments
     and retirement benefits obligations.

For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the increase of $139.9 million from our cash provided by operating activities
was mostly due to improved collections and higher net earnings.

The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                         Page      44
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 45
Management’s Discussion and Analysis              | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



5.7.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities
For Q4 2023, $93.0 million was used in investing activities while $87.1 million was used in the prior year.
The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from investing activities:

 For the three months ended September 30,                                            2023              2022         Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Business acquisitions (considering bank overdraft assumed and                               —                496        (496)
 cash acquired)
 Loan receivable                                                                         1,754                 —        1,754
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                             (34,455)         (38,243)        3,788
 Additions to contract costs                                                           (24,585)         (23,990)         (595)
 Additions to intangible assets                                                        (47,965)         (40,750)       (7,215)
 Net change in short-term investments and purchase of long-term investments             12,249           15,376        (3,127)
 Cash used in investing activities                                                     (93,002)         (87,111)       (5,891)

The increase of $5.9 million in cash used in investing activities during the three months ended September 30, 2023 was mainly
due to higher investment in our business solutions and the purchase of investments for the funds held for clients. This was
partially offset by a decrease of investments in computer equipment.

5.7.3. Cash Used in Financing Activities
For Q4 2023, $603.6 million was used in financing activities while $315.0 million was used in the prior year.
The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from financing activities:

 For the three months ended September 30,                                            2023              2022         Change
 In thousands of CAD
 Repayment of long-term debt                                                           (70,320)         (67,467)       (2,853)
 Payment of lease liabilities                                                          (43,713)         (41,074)       (2,639)
 Repayment of debt assumed in a business acquisition                                         —           (4,120)        4,120
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                          2,921            6,258        (3,337)
 Withholding taxes remitted on the net settlement of performance share units                (29)               —          (29)
 Purchase and cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares                       (324,667)        (132,923)     (191,744)
 Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                          12,527           11,775              752
 Net change in clients' funds obligations                                             (180,330)         (87,444)      (92,886)
 Cash used in financing activities                                                    (603,611)        (314,995)     (288,616)

The increase of $288.6 million was mainly driven by the purchase for cancellation of 2,398,900 Class A Shares compared to
1,260,114 Class A Shares over the same period last year and by the net change in clients' funds obligations.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                         Page       45
46 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




6. Eight Quarter Summary
                                                                 Sep. 30,      Jun. 30,     Mar. 31,      Dec. 31,     Sep. 30,      Jun. 30,      Mar. 31,     Dec. 31,
 As at and for the three months ended                             2023          2023         2023          2022         2022          2022          2022         2021
 In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
 Growth
 Revenue                                                           3,507.3     3,623.4       3,715.3       3,450.3      3,247.2       3,258.6       3,268.9      3,092.4
 Year-over-year revenue growth                                     8.0%         11.2%         13.7%        11.6%          8.0%         7.9%          6.2%          2.4%
 Constant currency revenue growth                                  2.2%          6.3%         11.4%        12.3%         13.9%         11.5%        10.0%          6.8%
 Backlog1                                                         26,059        25,633       25,241        25,011        24,055       23,238        23,144        23,577
 Bookings                                                          3,996         4,388        3,839         4,035        3,636         3,410         3,316        3,604
 Book-to-bill ratio                                               113.9%       121.1%        103.3%        117.0%       112.0%        104.7%       101.4%        116.5%
 Book-to-bill ratio trailing twelve months                        113.7%       113.3%        109.1%        108.9%       108.5%        104.9%        108.7%       115.2%
 Profitability
 Earnings before income taxes                                      557.9         559.0        564.5         516.5        485.9         489.0         498.8        493.3
    Earnings before income taxes margin                            15.9%        15.4%         15.2%        15.0%         15.0%         15.0%        15.3%         16.0%
 Adjusted EBIT2                                                    573.0         584.8        600.8         554.1        521.7         519.9         523.6        521.5
    Adjusted EBIT margin                                           16.3%        16.1%         16.2%        16.1%         16.1%         16.0%        16.0%         16.9%
 Net earnings                                                      414.5         415.0        419.4         382.4        362.4         364.3         372.0        367.4
    Net earnings margin                                            11.8%        11.5%         11.3%        11.1%         11.2%         11.2%        11.4%         11.9%
 Diluted EPS (in dollars)                                           1.76         1.75          1.76          1.60         1.51          1.51         1.53          1.49
 Net earnings excluding specific items2                            421.2         425.7        435.0         398.2        373.1         371.2         374.1        369.4
    Net earnings margin excluding specific items                   12.0%        11.7%         11.7%        11.5%         11.5%         11.4%        11.4%         11.9%
 Diluted EPS excluding specific items (in dollars)2                 1.79         1.80          1.82          1.66         1.56          1.54         1.53          1.50
 Liquidity
 Cash provided by operating activities                             628.7         409.1        469.1         605.3        488.9         419.2         472.6        484.3
    As a percentage of revenue                                     17.9%        11.3%         12.6%        17.5%         15.1%         12.9%        14.5%         15.7%
 Days sales outstanding                                              44            44           41            44           49            48            42           45
 Capital structure
 Long-term debt and lease liabilities3                            3,742.3      3,765.9       3,852.7       3,876.4      3,976.2       3,840.1       3,733.5      3,823.1
 Net debt2                                                        2,134.6      2,279.6       2,529.0       2,503.8      2,946.9       3,073.0       2,729.7      2,687.9
 Net debt to capitalization ratio                                  20.4%        21.7%         24.0%        24.1%         28.8%         30.6%        28.7%         27.8%
 Return on invested capital                                        16.0%        15.7%         15.6%        15.5%         15.7%         15.8%        15.7%         15.3%
 Balance sheet
 Cash and cash equivalents, and short-term                        1,575.6      1,471.9       1,285.5       1,331.1       972.6         784.1        1,059.4      1,185.7
 investments
 Total assets                                                    15,799.5      16,080.1     16,101.7      15,915.9      15,175.4     14,916.4      14,475.7     14,704.9
 Long-term financial liabilities   4
                                                                  2,386.2      2,885.2       2,946.1       2,971.6      3,731.3       3,581.8       3,523.5      3,608.2

1
     Approximately $10.0 billion of our backlog as at September 30, 2023 is expected to be converted into revenue within the next twelve months, $8.6 billion
     within one to three years, $3.1 billion within three to five years and $4.4 billion in more than five years.
2
     Please refer to sections 3.7., 3.8.3. and 4.5 of each quarter's respective MD&A for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures for the quarterly periods
     of 2022 and 2023. For Fiscal 2022 year ending period, please refer to sections 5.6. and 5.6.1.
3
     Long-term debt and lease liabilities include both the current and long-term portions of the long-term debt and lease liabilities.
4
     Long-term financial liabilities include the long-term portion of the debt, long-term portion of lease liabilities and the long-term derivative financial instruments.


There are factors causing quarterly variances which may not be reflective of the Company’s future performance. There is
seasonality in system integration and consulting work, and the quarterly performance of these operations is impacted by
occurrences such as vacations, calendar days and the number of statutory holidays in any given quarter. Managed IT and
business process services contracts are affected to a lesser extent by seasonality. Also, the workflow from some clients may
fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on their business cycle and the seasonality of their own operations. Further, the
savings that we generate for a client on a given managed IT and business process services contract may temporarily reduce




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                                   Page       46
                                                                                                 FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 47
Management’s Discussion and Analysis     | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



our revenue stream from this client, as these savings may not be immediately offset by additional work performed for this
client.

Cash flow from operating activities could vary significantly from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of payments
received from clients, cash requirements associated with large acquisitions, managed IT and business process services
contracts and projects, the timing of the reimbursements for various tax credits, performance based compensation to
employees as well as the timing of severance payments related to the integration of our acquisitions and our cost optimization
program.

Foreign exchange fluctuations can also contribute to quarterly variances as our percentage of operations in foreign countries
evolves. The effect from these variances is primarily on our revenue and to a much lesser extent, on our margin as we benefit,
as much as possible, from natural hedges.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                        Page   47
48 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




7.        Changes in Accounting Policies
The audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 include all adjustments that
CGI’s management considers necessary for the fair presentation of its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

ADOPTION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARD
The following standard amendments have been adopted by the Company on October 1, 2022:

Onerous contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract - Amendments to IAS 37
In May 2020, the IASB amended IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. The standard amendments
clarify that for assessing whether a contract is onerous, the cost of fulfilling the contract includes both the incremental cost of
fulfilling that contract and an allocation of other costs that relates directly to fulfilling the contract.
The implementation of these standard amendments resulted in no significant impact on the Company's audited consolidated
financial statements.
The following standard amendments have been adopted by the Company on May 23, 2023:
International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12
On May 23, 2023, the IASB issued standard amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes, to address the Pillar Two model rules for
domestic implementation of a 15% global minimum tax. The standard amendments introduce a temporary recognition
exception in relation to accounting and disclosure for deferred taxes, which was immediately applied, arising from the
implementation of the international tax reform. Remaining target disclosure requirements for affected entities such as current
tax expense (income) related to Pillar Two income taxes, as well as, qualitative and quantitative information about an entity’s
exposure to Pillar Two income taxes will only be effective as for the interim reporting period ending March 31, 2024.
At September 30, 2023, the application of the new standard amendments had no impact on the Company's audited
consolidated financial statements.

The following standard amendments have been early adopted and applied retrospectively by the Company for the year ended
September 30, 2023:
Disclosure of Accounting Policy Information – Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2
In February 2021, the IASB amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making
Materiality Judgements to require the Company to disclose its material accounting policies rather than its significant
accounting policies.
The implementation of these standard amendments resulted in no significant impact on the Company's audited consolidated
financial statements.

FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES

The following standard amendments are effective as of October 1, 2023:
Definition of Accounting Estimates – Amendments to IAS 8
In February 2021, the IASB amended IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting estimates and Errors to introduce a
definition of accounting estimates and to help entities distinguish changes in accounting policies from changes in accounting
estimates. This distinction is important because changes in accounting policies must be applied retrospectively while changes
in accounting estimates are accounted for prospectively.

Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction – Amendments to IAS 12
In May 2021, the IASB amended IAS 12 Income Taxes, to narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption so that it does
not apply to transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences.

The implementation of these standard amendments will result in no impact on the Company's audited consolidated financial
statements.



© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page     48
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 49
Management’s Discussion and Analysis      | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



The following standard amendments have been issued and will be effective as of October 1, 2024 for the Company, with
earlier application permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these standard amendments on its audited
consolidated financial statements.

Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Information about long-term debt with covenants –
Amendments to IAS 1
In January 2020, the IASB amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, clarifying that the classification of liabilities as
current or non-current is based on existing rights at the end of the reporting period, independent of whether the Company will
exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability. Subsequently, in October 2022, the IASB introduced additional amendments
to IAS 1, emphasizing that covenants for long-term debt, regardless whether the covenants were compliant after the reporting
date, should not affect debt classification; instead, companies are required to disclose information about these covenants in
the notes accompanying their financial statements.

Supplier finance arrangements - Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7
In May 2023, the IASB amended IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to introduce
new disclosure requirements to enhance the transparency on supplier finance arrangements and their impact on the
Company’s liabilities, cash flows and liquidity exposure. The new disclosure requirements will include information such as
terms and conditions, the carrying amount of liabilities, the range of payment due dates, non-cash changes and liquidity risk
information around supplier finance arrangements.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page   49
50 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




8. Critical Accounting Estimates
The Company’s significant accounting policies are described in note 3 of the audited consolidated financial statements for the
years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. Certain of these accounting policies, listed below, require management to make
accounting estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and equity and the accompanying
disclosures at the date of the audited consolidated financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting period. These accounting estimates are considered critical because they require management
to make subjective and/or complex judgements that are inherently uncertain and because they could have a material impact
on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition or results of operations.

                                               Consolidated
    Areas impacted by estimates                  balance                                   Consolidated statements of earnings
                                                 sheets

                                                                                        Cost of           Amortization
                                                                                       services,                              Net finance           Income
                                                                     Revenue                                  and
                                                                                      selling and                               costs                taxes
                                                                                                          depreciation
                                                                                     administrative

    Revenue recognition1                              ü                  ü                   ü
    Goodwill impairment                               ü                                                         ü
    Right-of-use assets and lease
    liabilities                                       ü                                                         ü                  ü
    Business combinations                             ü                  ü                   ü                  ü                                         ü
    Income taxes                                      ü                                                                                                   ü
    Litigation and claims                             ü                  ü                   ü
1
         Affects the balance sheet through trade accounts receivable, work in progress, provision on revenue-generating contracts and deferred revenue.

Revenue recognition

Relative stand-alone selling price

If an arrangement involves the provision of multiple performance obligations, the total arrangement value is allocated to each
performance obligation based on its relative stand-alone selling price. At least on a yearly basis, the Company reviews its best
estimate of the stand-alone selling price which is established by using a reasonable range of prices for the various services
and solutions offered by the Company based on local market information available. Information used in determining the range
is mainly based on recent contracts signed and the economic environment. A change in the range could have a material
impact on the allocation of total arrangement value, and therefore on the amount and timing of revenue recognition.

Business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed fee arrangements

Revenue from business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements is
recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over time, as the Company has no alternative use for the asset
created and has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. The Company primarily uses labour costs
to measure the progress towards completion. Project managers monitor and re-evaluate project forecasts on a monthly basis.
Forecasts are reviewed to consider factors such as: delays in reaching milestones and complexities in the project delivery.
Forecasts can also be affected by market risks such as the availability and retention of qualified IT professionals and/or the
ability of the subcontractors to perform their obligations within agreed budget and time frames. To the extent that actual labour
costs could vary from estimates, adjustments to revenue following the review of the costs to complete on projects are reflected
in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision occur. Whenever the total costs are forecasted to be higher than
the total revenue, a provision on revenue-generating contract is recorded.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                                           Page   50
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 51
Management’s Discussion and Analysis       | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



Goodwill impairment

The carrying value of goodwill is tested for impairment annually or if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may be impaired. In order to determine if a goodwill impairment test is required, management reviews different
factors on a quarterly basis, such as changes in technological or market environment, changes in assumptions used to derive
the weighted average cost of capital and actual financial performance compared to planned performance.

The recoverable amount of each operating segment has been determined based on its value in use calculation, which includes
estimates about their future financial performance based on cash flows approved by management. However, factors such as
our ability to continue developing and expanding services offered to address emerging business demands and technology
trends, a lengthened sales cycle and our ability to hire and retain qualified IT professionals affect future cash flows, and actual
results might differ from future cash flows used in the goodwill impairment test. Key assumptions used in goodwill impairment
testing are presented in note 12 of the audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and
2022. Historically, the Company has not recorded an impairment charge on goodwill.

Right-of-use assets

Estimates of the lease term

The Company estimates the lease term in order to calculate the value of the lease liability at the initial date of the lease.
Management uses judgement to determine the appropriate lease term based on the conditions of each lease. The Company
considers all facts that create incentive to exercise an extension option or not to take a termination option including leasehold
improvements, significant modification of the underlying asset or a business decision. The extension or termination options are
only included in the lease term if it is reasonably certain of being exercised.

Discount rate for leases

The discount rate is used to determine the initial carrying amount of the lease liabilities and the right-of-use assets. The
Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate for each lease or portfolio of leased assets, as most of the implicit interest
rates in the leases are not readily determinable. To calculate the incremental borrowing rate, the Company considers its credit
worthiness, the term of the arrangement, any collateral received and the economic environment at the lease date. Lease
liabilities are remeasured (along with the corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use asset), whenever the following situations
occur:

     –    a modification in the lease term or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase or terminate the lease, for
          which the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate; and
     –    a modification in the residual guarantees or in future lease payments due to a change of an index or rate tied to the
          payments, for which the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial
          discount rate determined when setting up the liability.
In addition, upon partial or full termination of a lease, the difference between the carrying amounts of the lease liability and the
right-of-use asset is recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings.

Business combinations

Management makes assumptions when determining the acquisition-date fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible
assets acquired and liabilities assumed which involve estimates, such as the forecasting of future cash flows, discount rates
and the useful lives of the assets acquired.

Additionally, management's judgement is required in determining whether an intangible asset is identifiable and should be
recorded separately from goodwill.

Changes in the above assumptions, estimates and judgements could affect our acquisition-date fair values and therefore could
have material impacts on our audited consolidated financial statements. These changes are recorded as part of the purchase
price allocation and therefore result in corresponding goodwill adjustments if they occurred during the measurement period,
which does not exceed one year. All other subsequent changes are recorded in our consolidated statement of earnings.



© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page   51
52 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




Income taxes

Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
that taxable profit will be available for their utilization. The Company considers the analysis of forecast and future tax planning
strategies. Estimates of taxable profit are made based on the forecast by jurisdiction which are aligned with goodwill
impairment testing assumptions, on an undiscounted basis. In addition, management considers factors such as substantively
enacted tax rates, the history of the taxable profits and availability of tax strategies. Due to the uncertainty and the variability of
the factors mentioned above, deferred tax assets are subject to change. Management reviews its assumptions on a quarterly
basis and adjusts the deferred tax assets when appropriate.

The Company is subject to income tax laws in numerous jurisdictions. Judgement is required in determining the worldwide
provision for income taxes as the determination of tax liabilities and assets involves uncertainties in the interpretation of
complex tax regulations and requires estimates and assumptions considering the existing facts and circumstances. The
Company provides for potential tax liabilities based on the most likely amount of the possible outcomes. Estimates are
reviewed each reporting period and updated, based on new information available, and could result in changes to the income
tax liabilities and deferred tax liabilities in the period in which such determinations are made.

Litigation and claims

Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The accrued litigation and legal claim provisions are based on historical
experience, current trends and other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates
include the period in which the underlying cause of the claim occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable
outcome. Management reviews assumptions and facts surrounding outstanding litigation and claims on a quarterly basis,
involves external counsel when necessary and adjusts such provisions accordingly. The Company has to be compliant with
applicable law in many jurisdictions which increases the complexity of determining the adequate provision following a litigation
review. Since the outcome of such litigation and claims is not predictable with assurance, those provisions are subject to
change. Adjustments to litigation and claims provisions are reflected in the period when the facts that give rise to an
adjustment occur.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                Page   52
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 53
Management’s Discussion and Analysis      | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



9. Integrity of Disclosure
The Board of Directors has the responsibility under its charter and under the securities laws that govern CGI’s continuous
disclosure obligations to oversee CGI's compliance with its continuous and timely disclosure obligations, as well as the
integrity of the Company's internal controls and management information systems. The Board of Directors carries out this
responsibility mainly through its Audit and Risk Management Committee.

CGI's Audit and Risk Management Committee is composed entirely of independent directors who meet the independence and
experience requirements of National Instrument 52-110 adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators as well as those of
the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The role and responsibilities
of the Audit and Risk Management Committee include: (i) reviewing public disclosure documents containing financial
information concerning CGI; (ii) identifying and examining material financial and operating risks to which the Company is
exposed, reviewing the various policies and practices of the Company that are intended to manage those risks, and reporting
on a regular basis to the Board of Directors concerning risk management; (iii) reviewing and assessing the effectiveness of
CGI’s accounting policies and practices concerning financial reporting; (iv) reviewing and monitoring CGI’s internal control
procedures, programs and policies and assessing their adequacy and effectiveness; (v) reviewing the adequacy of CGI’s
internal audit resources including the mandate and objectives of the internal auditor; (vi) recommending to the Board of
Directors the appointment of the external auditor, assessing the external auditor’s independence, reviewing the terms of their
engagement, conducting an annual auditor's performance assessment, and pursuing ongoing discussions with them; (vii)
reviewing related party transactions in accordance with the rules of the NYSE and other applicable laws and regulations; (viii)
reviewing the audit procedures including the proposed scope of the external auditor's examinations; and (ix) performing such
other functions as are usually attributed to audit committees or as directed by the Board of Directors. In making its
recommendation to the Board of Directors in relation to the annual appointment of the external auditor, the Audit and Risk
Management Committee conducts an annual assessment of the external auditor's performance following the
recommendations of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada. The formal assessment is concluded in advance of
the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and is conducted with the assistance of key CGI employees.

The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance
that material information relating to the Company is made known to the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
by others, particularly during the period in which annual and interim filings are prepared, and that information required to be
disclosed by the Company in its annual filings, interim filings or other reports filed or submitted by the Company under
Canadian and U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under
those laws and the related rules. As at September 30, 2023, management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the
participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure
controls and procedures as defined under National Instrument 52-109 adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators and
in Rule 13(a)-15(e) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as at September 30, 2023.

The Company has also established and maintains internal control over financial reporting, as defined under National
Instrument 52-109 and in Rule 13(a)-15(f) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer, and effected by management and other key CGI employees, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with IFRS. However, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements on a timely basis. Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting
as at September 30, 2023, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013). Based on that evaluation, management,
under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer as well as the Chief Financial Officer
concluded that the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting was effective as at September 30, 2023.


© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                          Page     53
54 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




10. Risk Environment
10.1. RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
While we are confident about our long-term prospects, a number of risks and uncertainties could affect our ability to achieve
our strategic vision and objectives for growth. The following risks and uncertainties should be considered when evaluating our
potential as an investment.

10.1.1. External Risks
We may be adversely affected by volatile, negative or uncertain economic and political conditions and the effects of these
conditions on our clients’ businesses and levels of activity.

Economic and political conditions in the markets in which we operate have a bearing upon the results of our operations,
directly and through their effect on the level of business activity of our clients. We can neither predict the impact that current
economic and political conditions will have on our future revenue, nor predict changes in economic conditions or future political
uncertainty. The level of activity of our clients and potential clients may be affected by an economic downturn or political
uncertainty. Clients may cancel, reduce or defer existing contracts and delay entering into new engagements and may decide
to undertake fewer IT systems projects resulting in limited implementation of new technology and smaller engagements. Since
there may be fewer engagements, competition may increase and pricing for services may decline as competitors may
decrease rates to maintain or increase their market share in our industry and this may trigger pricing adjustments related to the
benchmarking obligations within our contracts. Economic downturns and political uncertainty make it more difficult to meet
business objectives and may divert management’s attention and time from operating and growing our business. Our business,
results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected as a result of these factors.

We may be adversely affected by additional external risks, such as terrorism, armed conflict, labour or social unrest, inflation,
rising energy and commodity costs, recession, criminal activity, hostilities, disease, illness or health emergencies, natural
disasters and climate change and the effects of these conditions on our clients, our business and on market volatility.

Additional external risks that could adversely impact the markets in which we operate, our industry and our business include
terrorism, armed conflict (such as the current armed conflict in Ukraine), labour or social unrest, inflation, recession, criminal
activity, regional and international hostilities and international responses to these hostilities, and disease, illness or health
emergencies that affect local, national or international economies. Additionally, the potential impacts of climate change are
unpredictable and natural disasters, sea-level rise, floods, droughts or other weather-related events present additional external
risks, as they could disrupt our internal operations or the operations of our clients, impact our employee's health and safety
and increase insurance and other operating costs. Climate change risks can arise from physical risks (risks related to the
physical effects of climate change), transition risks (risks related to regulatory, legal, technological and market changes from a
transition to a low-carbon economy), as well as reputational risks related to our management of climate-related issues and our
level of disclosure related to such matters (see Our inability to meet regulatory requirements and/or stakeholders expectations
of disclosure, management and implementation of ESG initiatives and standards, could have a material adverse effect on our
business). Climate change risk, and/or any of these additional external risks, may affect us or affect the financial viability of our
clients leading to a reduction of demand and loss of business from such clients. Each of these risks could negatively impact
our business, results of operation and financial condition.

As a result of external risks, such as the current armed conflict in Ukraine, inflation, and rising energy and commodity costs,
global equity and capital markets may experience significant volatility and weakness. The duration and impact of these events
are unknown at this time, nor is the impact on our operations and the market for our securities.

Prolonged periods of inflation could increase our costs and impact our profitability, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business and financial condition.

High levels of inflation may subject us to significant cost pressures and lead to market volatility. As a result, governments may
adopt initiatives to combat inflation (for example, raising benchmark interest rate), thus increasing our cost of borrowing and


© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                              Page   54
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 55
Management’s Discussion and Analysis       | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



decreasing the liquidity of capital markets. Our clients may have difficulty budgeting for external IT services or delay their
payment for services provided. High inflation can lead to increased costs of labor and our employee compensation expenses.
If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs
through price increases, and there is no assurance that our revenues will increase at the same rate to maintain the same level
of profitability. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business and financial condition.

Pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, have caused, and may in the future cause disruptions in our operations and
the operations of our clients (which may lead to increased risk and frequency of cybersecurity incidents), market volatility and
economic disruption, which could adversely affect us.

A pandemic, including the COVID-19 pandemic, can create significant volatility and uncertainty and economic disruption and
can pose the risk that our employees, clients, contractors and business partners may be prevented from, or restricted in,
conducting business activities for an indefinite period, including due to the transmission of the disease or to emergency
measures or restrictions that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. A pandemic may also result in
governments worldwide enacting emergency preventive measures, such as the implementation of border closures, travel bans
or restrictions, lock-downs, quarantine periods, vaccine mandates or passports, social distancing, testing requirements, stay-
at-home and work-from-home policies and the temporary closure of non-essential businesses. These emergency measures
and restrictions, and future measures and restrictions taken in response to a pandemic, including the COVID-19 pandemic,
may cause material disruptions to businesses globally and have an adverse impact on global economic conditions and
consumer confidence and spending, which could materially adversely affect our business.

Additionally, the onset of a pandemic may affect the financial viability of our clients, and could cause them to exit certain
business lines, or change the terms on which they are willing to purchase services and solutions. Clients may also slow down
decision-making, delay planned work, seek to terminate existing agreements, not renew existing agreements or be unable to
pay us in accordance with the terms of existing agreements.

As a result of increased remote working arrangements due to a pandemic, the exposure to, and reliance on, networked
systems and the internet can increase. This can lead to increased risk and frequency of cybersecurity incidents. Cybersecurity
incidents can result from unintentional events or deliberate attacks by insiders or third parties, including cybercriminals,
competitors, nation-states, and hacktivists. Any of these events could cause or contribute to risk and uncertainty and could
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

As a result of a pandemic, global equity and capital markets can experience significant volatility and weakness, leading
governments and central banks to react with significant monetary and fiscal interventions designed to stabilize economic
conditions.

It is not possible to reliably estimate the length and severity of a pandemic, including any future developments relating to the
COVID-19 pandemic, or any impact on our financial results, share price and financial condition in future periods. There can be
no assurance that our actions taken in response to a pandemic, including the COVID-19 pandemic, will succeed in preventing
or mitigating any negative impacts on our Company, employees, clients, contractors and business partners.

As a foreign private issuer who files using the multijurisdictional disclosure system (MJDS), we are subject to different U.S.
securities laws and rules, which could limit our level of disclosure to investors.

We are a “foreign private issuer” for purposes of U.S. securities laws who files disclosure documents using the
multijurisdictional disclosure system (MJDS) and, as a result, are not subject to the same requirements that are imposed upon
U.S. domestic issuers by the SEC. In particular, we are exempt from the rules and regulations under the U.S. securities laws
related to the furnishing and content of proxy statements, and our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt
from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the “Exchange Act”). We also are exempt from the provisions of Regulation FD under the Exchange Act, which in certain
circumstances prohibits the selective disclosure of material non-public information, although we generally attempt to comply
with Regulation FD. These exemptions and leniencies may reduce the frequency and scope of information that we disclose
relative to the information generally provided by U.S. domestic companies.



© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page   55
56 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




It may be difficult to enforce civil liabilities under U.S. securities laws.

The Company is governed by the Business Corporations Act (Quebec) and with its principal place of business in Canada. The
enforcement by investors of civil liabilities under the U.S. securities laws may be affected adversely by the fact that we are
organized under the laws of Canada, that some or all of our officers and directors may be residents of a foreign country, and
that a substantial portion of our assets and those of said persons may be located outside the United States.

10.1.2. Risks Related to our Industry
The markets in which we operate are highly competitive.

CGI operates in a global marketplace in which competition among providers of IT services is vigorous. Some of our
competitors possess greater financial, marketing and sales resources, and larger geographic scope in certain parts of the
world than we do, which, in turn, provides them with additional leverage in the competition for contracts. In certain niche,
regional or metropolitan markets, we face smaller competitors with specialized capabilities who may be able to provide
competing services with greater economic efficiency. Some of our competitors have more significant operations than we do in
lower cost countries that can serve as a platform from which to provide services worldwide on terms that may be more
favourable. Increased competition among IT services firms often results in corresponding pressure on prices. There can be no
assurance that we will succeed in providing competitively priced services at levels of service and quality that will enable us to
maintain and grow our market share.

We derive significant revenue from contracts awarded through competitive bidding processes, which limit the Company's
ability to negotiate certain contractual terms and conditions. Risks related to competitive bidding processes also involve
substantial cost and managerial time and effort spent by the Company to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may or
may not be awarded to the Company, as well as expenses and delays that may arise if the Company's competitors protest or
challenge awards made to the Company pursuant to competitive bidding processes.

Even when a contract is awarded to the Company following a competitive bidding process, we may fail to accurately estimate
the resources and costs required to fulfill the contract.

We may not be able to continue developing and expanding service offerings to address emerging business demands and
technology trends.

The rapid pace of change in all aspects of IT and the continually declining costs of acquiring and maintaining IT infrastructure
mean that we must anticipate changes in our clients’ needs. To do so, we must adapt our services and our solutions so that we
maintain and improve our competitive advantage and remain able to provide cost effective services and solutions. The markets
in which we operate are extremely competitive and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in developing and adapting
our business in a timely manner nor that we will be able to penetrate new markets successfully. If we do not keep pace, our
ability to retain existing clients and gain new business may be adversely affected. As we expand our services and solutions
into new markets, we may be exposed to operational, legal, regulatory, ethical, technological and other risks specific to such
new markets. These factors may result in pressure on our revenue, net earnings and resulting cash flow from operations.

We may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others.

Despite our efforts, the steps we take to ensure that our services and offerings do not infringe on the intellectual property rights
of third parties may not be adequate to prevent infringement and, as a result, claims may be asserted against us or our clients.
We enter into licensing agreements for the right to use intellectual property and may otherwise offer indemnities against liability
and damages arising from third-party claims of patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret infringement in respect of our own
intellectual property or software or other solutions developed for our clients. In some instances, the amount of these indemnity
claims could be greater than the revenue we receive from the client (see Indemnity provisions and guarantees in various
agreements to which we are party may require us to compensate our counterparties). Intellectual property claims or litigation
could be time-consuming and costly, harm our reputation, require us to enter into additional royalty or licensing arrangements,
or prevent us from providing some solutions or services. Any limitation on our ability to sell or use solutions or services that




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page   56
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 57
Management’s Discussion and Analysis        | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



incorporate software or technologies that are the subject of a claim could cause us to lose revenue-generating opportunities or
require us to incur additional expenses to modify solutions for future projects.

We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights.

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary methodologies, processes, know-how, tools, techniques
and other intellectual property that we use to provide our services. Although CGI takes reasonable steps (e.g. available
copyright protection and, in some cases, patent protection) to protect and enforce its intellectual property rights, there is no
assurance that such measures will be enforceable or adequate. The cost of enforcing our rights, or our inability to protect
against infringement or unauthorized copying or use, can be substantial and, in certain cases, may prove to be uneconomic. In
addition, the laws of some countries in which we conduct business may offer only limited intellectual property rights protection.
Despite our efforts, the steps taken to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or
other misappropriation of intellectual property, and we may not be able to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property,
or take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights.

We face risks associated with benchmarking provisions within certain contracts.

Some of our managed IT and business process services contracts contain clauses allowing our clients to externally
benchmark the pricing of agreed upon services against those offered by other providers in a peer comparison group. The
uniqueness of the client environment should be factored in and, if results indicate a difference outside the agreed upon
tolerance, we may be required to work with clients to reset the pricing for their services. There can be no assurance that
benchmarks will produce accurate or reliable data, including pricing data. This may result in pressure on our revenue, net
earnings and resulting cash flow from operations.


10.1.3. Risks Related to our Business

We may experience fluctuations in our financial results, making it difficult to predict future results.

Our ability to maintain and increase our revenue is affected not only by our success in implementing our Build and Buy growth
strategy, but also by a number of other factors, which could cause the Company's financial results to fluctuate. These factors
include: (i) our ability to introduce and deliver new services and business solutions; (ii) our potential exposure to a lengthened
sales cycle; (iii) the cyclicality of the purchases of our technology services and solutions; (iv) the nature of our client’s business
(for example, if a client encounters financial difficulty (including as a result of external risks such as climate change or a
pandemic), it may be forced to cancel, reduce or defer existing contracts with us); and (v) the structure of our agreements with
clients (for example, some of CGI's agreements with clients contain clauses allowing the clients to benchmark the pricing of
services provided by CGI against the prices offered by other providers). These, and other factors, make it difficult to predict
financial results for any given period.

Our revenues may be exposed to fluctuations based on our business mix.

The proportion of revenue that we generate from shorter-term system integration and consulting projects (SI&C), versus
revenue from long-term managed IT and business process services contracts, will fluctuate at times, affected by acquisitions
or other transactions. An increased exposure to revenue from SI&C projects may result in greater quarterly revenue variations,
as the revenue from SI&C projects does not provide long-term consistency in revenue.

Our current operations are international in scope, subjecting us to a variety of financial, regulatory, cultural, political and social
challenges.

We manage operations in numerous countries around the world including offshore delivery centers. The scope of our
operations (including our offshore delivery centers) subjects us to issues that can negatively impact our operations, including:
(i) currency fluctuations (see We may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations); (ii) the burden of complying with a wide
variety of national and local laws (see Changes in the laws and regulations within the jurisdictions in which we operate may
have a material adverse effect on our global business operations and profitability); (iii) the differences in and uncertainties



© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                Page   57
58 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




arising from local business culture and practices; (iv) and political, social and economic instability. Any or all of these risks
could impact our global business operations and cause our revenue and/or profitability to decline.

We may not be able to successfully implement and manage our growth strategy.

CGI’s Build and Buy growth strategy is founded on four pillars of growth: first, profitable organic growth through contract wins,
renewals and extensions with new and existing clients in our targeted industries; second, the pursuit of new large long-term
managed IT and business process services contracts; third, metro market acquisitions; and fourth, large transformational
acquisitions.

Our ability to achieve organic growth is affected by a number of factors outside of our control, including a lengthening of our
sales cycle for major managed IT and business process services contracts.

Our ability to grow through metro market and transformational acquisitions requires that we identify suitable acquisition targets
that we correctly evaluate their potential as transactions that will meet our financial and operational objectives, and that we
successfully integrate them into our business. There can, however, be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable
acquisition targets and consummate additional acquisitions that meet our economic thresholds, or that future acquisitions will
be successfully integrated into our operations and yield the tangible accretive value that had been expected. If we are unable
to implement our Build and Buy growth strategy, we will likely be unable to maintain our historic or expected growth rates.

We may be unable to integrate new operations, which could impact our ability to achieve our growth and profitability
objectives.

The realization of anticipated benefits from mergers, acquisitions and related activities depends, in part, upon our ability to
integrate the acquired business, the realization of synergies, efficient consolidation of the operations of the acquired
businesses into our existing operations, cost management to avoid duplication, information systems integration, staff
reorganization, establishment of controls, procedures and policies, performance of the management team and other
employees of the acquired operations as well as cultural alignment.

The successful integration of new operations arising from our acquisition strategy or from large managed IT and business
process services contracts requires that a substantial amount of management time and attention be focused on integration
tasks. Management time that is devoted to integration activities may detract from management’s normal operations focus with
resulting pressure on the revenues and earnings from our existing operations. In addition, we may face complex and
potentially time-consuming challenges in implementing uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies across new
operations when harmonizing their activities with those of our existing business units. Integration activities can result in
unanticipated operational problems, expenses and liabilities.

Following an acquisition closing date, we may remain reliant on a target’s employee, good faith, expertise, historical
performance, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information and judgment in providing any transitional
services. Accordingly, we may continue to be exposed to adverse developments in the business and affairs of parties with
whom we contract.

If we are not successful in executing our integration strategies in a timely and cost-effective manner, we will have difficulty
achieving our growth and profitability objectives.

If we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our size, we may not be able to achieve our growth
and profitability objectives.

Our culture, standards, core values, internal controls and our policies need to be instilled across newly acquired businesses as
well as maintained within our existing operations. To effectively communicate and manage these standards throughout a large
global organization is both challenging and time consuming. Newly acquired businesses may be resistant to change and may
remain attached to past methods, standards and practices which may compromise our business agility in pursuing
opportunities. Cultural differences in various countries may also present barriers to introducing new ideas or aligning our vision
and strategy with the rest of the organization. If we cannot overcome these obstacles in maintaining a strategic bond
throughout the Company worldwide, we may not be able to achieve our growth and profitability objectives.



© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                Page   58
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 59
Management’s Discussion and Analysis       | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



Material developments regarding our major commercial clients resulting from mergers or business acquisitions could impair
our future prospects and growth strategy.

Consolidation among our clients resulting from mergers and acquisitions may result in loss or reduction of business when the
successor business’ IT needs are served by another service provider or are provided by the successor company’s own
employees. Growth in a client’s IT needs resulting from acquisitions or operations may mean that we no longer have a
sufficient geographic scope or the critical mass to serve the client’s needs efficiently, resulting in the loss of the client’s
business and impairing our future prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the objectives of our
growth strategy in order to maintain and increase our geographic scope and critical mass in our targeted markets.

Legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial performance and reputation.

During the ordinary course of conducting our business, we may be threatened with, and/or become subject or a party to, a
variety of litigation or other claims and suits that arise from time to time. These legal proceedings may involve current and
former employees, clients, partners, subcontractors, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies or others
through private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation.
Regardless of the merits of the claims, the cost to defend current and future litigation may be significant, and such matters can
be time-consuming and divert management’s attention and resources. The results of litigation, claims and other legal
proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may result
in materially adverse monetary damages, fines, penalties or injunctive relief against us. While we maintain insurance for
certain liabilities, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will be sufficient in type or amount to cover the costs,
damages, liabilities or losses that can result from these litigations or claims.

Changes in our tax levels, as well as reviews, audits, investigations and tax proceedings or changes in tax laws or in their
interpretation or enforcement, could have a material adverse effect on our net income or cash flow.

In estimating our income tax payable, management uses accounting principles to determine income tax positions that are likely
to be sustained by applicable tax authorities. However, there is no assurance that our tax benefits or tax liability will not
materially differ from our estimates or expectations. The tax legislation, regulation and interpretation that apply to our
operations are continually changing. In addition, future tax benefits and liabilities are dependent on factors that are inherently
uncertain and subject to change, including future earnings, future tax rates, and anticipated business mix in the various
jurisdictions in which we operate. Moreover, our tax returns are continually subject to review by applicable tax authorities and
we are subject to ongoing audits, investigations and tax proceedings in various jurisdictions. These tax authorities determine
the actual amounts of taxes payable or receivable, of any future tax benefits or liabilities and of income tax expense that we
may ultimately recognize. Tax authorities have disagreed and may in the future disagree with our income tax positions and are
taking increasingly aggressive positions in respect of income tax positions, including with respect to intercompany
transactions.

Our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by challenges to intercompany transactions, changes in the
value of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax law or in their interpretation or enforcement, changes in the mix of
earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, the expiration of tax benefits and changes in accounting principles,
including the introduction of the Pillar Two model rules designed to ensure large multinational corporations pay a minimum
level of tax on income arising in each jurisdiction they operate. Tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate may change
as a result of shifting economic conditions and tax policies.

A number of countries in which the Company does business have implemented, or are considering implementing, changes in
relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations and the overall tax environment has made it
increasingly challenging for multinational corporations to operate with certainty about taxation in many jurisdictions.

Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our net income or cash flow by affecting our operations and
profitability, our effective tax rate, the availability of tax credits, the cost of the services we provide, and the availability of
deductions for operating losses.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page     59
60 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




Reductions, eliminations or amendments to government sponsored programs from which we currently benefit may have a
material adverse effect on our net earnings or cash flow.

We benefit from government sponsored programs designed to support research and development, labour and economic
growth in jurisdictions where we operate. Government programs reflect government policy and depend on various political and
economic factors. There can be no assurance that such government programs will continue to be available to the Company in
the future, or will not be reduced, amended or eliminated. Any future government program reductions or eliminations or other
amendments to the tax credit programs could increase operating or capital expenditures incurred by the Company and have a
material adverse effect on its net earnings or cash flow.

We are exposed to credit risks with respect to accounts receivable and work in progress.

In order to sustain our cash flow from operations, we must invoice and collect the amounts owed to us in an efficient and timely
manner. Although we maintain provisions to account for anticipated shortfalls in amounts collected from clients, the provisions
we take are based on management estimates and on our assessment of our clients’ creditworthiness which may prove to be
inadequate in the light of actual results. To the extent that we fail to perform our services in accordance with our contracts and
our clients’ reasonable expectations, and to the extent that we fail to invoice clients and to collect the amounts owed to the
Company for our services correctly in a timely manner, our collections could suffer, which could materially adversely affect our
revenue, net earnings and cash flow. In addition, a prolonged economic downturn may cause clients to curtail or defer projects,
impair their ability to pay for services already provided, and ultimately cause them to default on existing contracts, in each
case, causing a shortfall in revenue and impairing our future prospects.

We face risks associated with early termination, modification, delay or suspension of our contractual agreements, and our
bookings and backlog may not be indicative of future revenues.

The early termination, modification, delay, or suspension of our contractual agreements may have a material adverse effect on
future revenues and profitability. If we should fail to deliver our services according to contractual agreements, some of our
clients could elect to terminate, modify, delay or suspend contracts before their agreed expiry date, which would result in a
reduction of our revenues and/or earnings and cash flow and may impact the value of our bookings and backlog. In addition, a
number of our managed IT and business process services contractual agreements have termination for convenience and
change of control clauses according to which a change in the client’s intentions or a change in control of CGI could lead to a
termination of these agreements. Early contract termination can also result from the exercise of a legal right or when
circumstances that are beyond our control or beyond the control of our client prevent the contract from continuing. In cases of
early termination, we may not be able to recover capitalized contract costs and we may not be able to eliminate ongoing costs
incurred to support the contract.

We may not be able to successfully estimate the cost, timing and resources required to fulfill our contracts, which could have a
material adverse effect on our net earnings.

In order to generate acceptable margins, our pricing for services is dependent on our ability to accurately estimate the costs
and timing for completing projects or long-term managed IT and business process services contracts, which can be based on
a client's bid specification, sometimes in advance of the final determination of the full scope and design of the contract. In
addition, a significant portion of our project-oriented contracts are performed on a fixed-price basis. Billing for fixed-price
engagements is carried out in accordance with the contract terms agreed upon with our client, and revenue is recognized
based on the percentage of effort incurred to date in relation to the total estimated efforts to be incurred over the duration of
the respective contract. These estimates reflect our best judgement regarding the efficiencies of our methodologies and
professionals as we plan to apply them to the contracts in accordance with the CGI Client Partnership Management
Framework (CPMF), a framework that contains high standards of contract management to be applied throughout the
Company. If we fail to apply the CPMF correctly or if we are unsuccessful in accurately estimating the time or resources
required to fulfill our obligations under a contract, or if unexpected factors, including those outside of our control (such as
labour shortages, supply chain or manufacturing disruptions, inflation, and other external risk factors), arise, there may be an
impact on costs or the delivery schedule which could have a material adverse effect on our expected net earnings.



© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page     60
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 61
Management’s Discussion and Analysis       | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



We rely on relationships with other providers in order to generate business and fulfill certain of our contracts; if we fail to
maintain our relationships with these providers, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be
materially adversely affected.

We derive revenue from contracts where we enter into teaming agreements with other providers. In some teaming agreements
we are the prime contractor whereas in others we act as a subcontractor. In both cases, we rely on our relationships with other
providers to generate business and we expect to continue to do so in the foreseeable future. Where we act as prime
contractor, if we fail to maintain our relationships with other providers, we may have difficulty attracting suitable participants in
our teaming agreements. Similarly, where we act as subcontractor, if our relationships are impaired, other providers might
reduce the work they award to us, award that work to our competitors, or choose to offer the services directly to the client in
order to compete with our business. In either case, if we fail to maintain our relationship with these providers or if our
relationship with these providers is otherwise impaired, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could
be materially adversely affected.

Our profitability may be adversely affected if our partners are unable to deliver on their commitments.

Increasingly large and complex contracts may require that we rely on third party subcontractors including software and
hardware vendors to help us fulfill our commitments. Under such circumstances, our success depends on the ability of the
third parties to perform their obligations within agreed upon budgets and timeframes. If our partners fail to deliver, our ability to
complete the contract may be adversely affected, which could have an unfavourable impact on our profitability.

Indemnity provisions and guarantees in various agreements to which we are party may require us to compensate our
counterparties.

In the normal course of business, we enter into agreements that may provide for indemnification and guarantees to
counterparties in transactions such as consulting and managed IT and business process services, business divestitures, lease
agreements and financial obligations. These indemnification undertakings and guarantees may require us to compensate
counterparties for costs and losses incurred as a result of various events, including breaches of representations and
warranties, intellectual property right infringement, claims that may arise while providing services or as a result of litigation that
may be suffered by counterparties. If we are required to compensate counterparties due to such arrangements and our
insurance does not provide adequate coverage, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially adversely affected.

We may not be able to hire or retain enough qualified IT professionals to support our operations.

There is strong demand for qualified individuals in the IT industry. Hiring and retaining a sufficient number of individuals with
the desired knowledge and skill set may be difficult. Therefore, it is important that we remain able to successfully attract and
retain highly qualified professionals and establish an effective succession plan. If our comprehensive programs aimed at
attracting and retaining qualified and dedicated professionals do not ensure that we have staff in sufficient numbers and with
the appropriate training, expertise and suitable government security clearances required to serve the needs of our clients, we
may have to rely on subcontractors or transfers of staff to fill resulting gaps. If our succession plan fails to identify those with
potential or to develop these key individuals, we may be unable to replace key employees who retire or leave the Company
and may be required to recruit and/or train new employees. This might result in lost revenue or increased costs, thereby
putting pressure on our net earnings.

If we fail to retain our key employees and management, our business could be adversely affected.

The success of our business, in part, depends on the continued employment of certain key employees and senior
management. This dependence is important to our business being that personal relationships are fundamental in obtaining
and maintaining client engagements. While our Board of Directors annually reviews our succession plan, if we fail to establish
an effective succession plan, or if key employees or senior management were unable or unwilling to continue employment, our
business could be adversely affected until qualified replacements are retained.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page     61
62 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




We may be unable to maintain our human resources utilization rates.

In order to maintain our net earnings, it is important that we maintain the appropriate availability of professional resources in
each of our geographies by having a high utilization rate while still being able to assign additional resources to new work.
Maintaining an efficient utilization rate requires us to forecast our need for professional resources accurately and to manage
recruitment activities, professional training programs, attrition rates and restructuring programs appropriately. To the extent that
we fail to do so, or to the extent that laws and regulations restrict our ability to do so, our utilization rates may be reduced;
thereby having an impact on our revenue and profitability. Conversely, we may find that we do not have sufficient resources to
deploy against new business opportunities in which case our ability to grow our revenue would suffer.

If the business awarded to us by various U.S. federal government departments and agencies is limited, reduced or eliminated,
our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the services we provide to various U.S. federal government departments
and agencies. We expect that this will continue for the foreseeable future. There can be, however, no assurance that each
such U.S. federal government department and agency will continue to utilize our services to the same extent, or at all in the
future. In the event that a major U.S. federal government department or agency were to limit, reduce, or eliminate the business
it awards to us, we might be unable to recover the lost revenue with work from other U.S. federal government departments or
agencies or other clients, and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and
adversely affected. Although IFRS considers a national government and its departments and agencies as a single client, our
client base in the U.S. government economic sector is in fact diversified with contracts from many different departments and
agencies.

Changes in government spending policies or budget priorities could directly affect our financial performance. Among the
factors that could harm our government contracting business are: the curtailment of governments’ use of consulting and IT
services firms; a significant decline in spending by governments in general, or by specific departments or agencies in
particular; the adoption of new legislation and/or actions affecting companies that provide services to governments; delays in
the payment of our invoices by government; and general economic and political conditions. These or other factors could cause
government agencies and departments to reduce their purchases under contracts, to exercise their right to terminate
contracts, to issue temporary stop work orders, or not to exercise options to renew contracts, any of which would cause us to
lose future revenue. Government spending reductions or budget cutbacks at these departments or agencies could materially
harm our continued performance under these contracts, or limit the awarding of additional contracts from these agencies.

Changes in the laws and regulations within the jurisdictions in which we operate may have a material adverse effect on our
global business operations and profitability.

Our global operations require us to be compliant with laws and regulations in many jurisdictions on matters such as: anti-
corruption, trade restrictions, immigration, taxation, securities, antitrust, data privacy, labour relations, and the environment,
amongst others. Complying with these diverse requirements worldwide is a challenge and consumes significant resources.
The laws and regulations frequently change and some may impose conflicting requirements which may expose us to penalties
for non-compliance and harm our reputation. Furthermore, in some jurisdictions, we may face the absence of effective laws
and regulations to protect our intellectual property rights and there may be restrictions on the movement of cash and other
assets, on the import and export of certain technologies, and on the repatriation of earnings. Any or all of these risks could
impact our global business operations and cause our profitability to decline.

Our business with the U.S. federal government departments and agencies also requires that we comply with complex laws and
regulations relating to government contracts. These laws and regulations relate to the integrity of the procurement process,
impose disclosure requirements, and address national security concerns, among other matters. For instance, we are routinely
subject to audits by U.S. government departments and agencies with respect to compliance with these rules. If we fail to
comply with these requirements we may incur penalties and sanctions, including contract termination, suspension of
payments, suspension or debarment from doing business with the federal government, and fines.




© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                             Page   62
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 63
Management’s Discussion and Analysis      | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



There can be no assurance that our ethics and compliance practices will be sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical
standards.

Our employees, officers, directors, suppliers and other business partners are expected to comply with applicable legal and
ethical standards including, without limitation, anti-bribery laws, as well as with our governance policies and contractual
obligations. Failure to comply with such laws, policies and contractual obligations could expose us to litigation and significant
fines and penalties, and result in reputational harm or being disqualified from bidding on contracts. While we have developed
and implemented strong ethics and compliance practices, including through our Code of Ethics, which must be observed by all
of our employees, our Third Party Code of Ethics as well as ethics and compliance trainings, there can be no assurance that
such practices and measures will be sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical standards. Any such failure or violation
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial performance and reputation. This risk of improper conduct may
increase as we continue to expand globally, with greater opportunities and demands to do more business with local and new
partners.

Changes to, and delays or defects in, our client projects and solutions may subject us to legal liability, which could materially
adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition and may negatively affect our professional reputation.

We create, implement and maintain IT solutions that are often critical to the operations of our clients’ business. Our ability to
complete large projects as expected could be adversely affected by unanticipated delays, renegotiations, and changing client
requirements. Also, our solutions may suffer from defects that adversely affect their performance; they may not meet our
clients’ requirements or may fail to perform in accordance with applicable service levels. Such problems could subject us to
legal liability, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, and may
negatively affect our professional reputation. While we typically use reasonable efforts to include provisions in our contracts
which are designed to limit our exposure to legal claims relating to our services and the applications we develop, we may not
always be able to include such provisions and, where we are successful, such provisions may not protect us adequately or
may not be enforceable under some circumstances or under the laws of some jurisdictions.

We are subject to stringent and changing privacy laws, regulations and standards, information security policies and contractual
obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could expose
us to government sanctions and cause damage to our brand and reputation.

Our business often requires that our clients’ applications and information, which may include their proprietary information and
personal information they manage, be processed and stored on our networks and systems, and in data centers that we
manage. We also process and store proprietary information relating to our business, and personal information relating to our
employees. The Company is subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect information, such as the European
Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), various laws and regulations in Canada, the U.S. and other countries in
which the Company operates governing the protection of health or other personally identifiable information and data privacy.
These laws and regulations are increasing in number and complexity and are being adopted and amended with greater
frequency, which results in greater compliance risk and cost. The potential financial penalties for non-compliance with these
laws and regulations have significantly increased with the adoption of the GDPR. The Company's Chief Data Protection Officer
oversees the Company's compliance with the laws that protect the privacy of personal information. The Company faces risks
inherent in protecting the security of such personal data which have grown in complexity, magnitude and frequency in recent
years. Digital information and equipment are subject to loss, theft or destruction, and services that we provide may become
temporarily unavailable as a result of those risks, or upon an equipment or system malfunction. The causes of such failures
include human error in the course of normal operations (including from advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by our
employees), maintenance and upgrading activities, as well as hacking, vandalism (including denial of service attacks and
computer viruses), theft, and unauthorized access, as well as power outages or surges, floods, fires, natural disasters and
many other causes. The measures that we take to protect against all information infrastructure risks, including both physical
and logical controls on access to premises and information may prove in some circumstances to be inadequate to prevent the
improper disclosure, loss, theft, misappropriation of, unauthorized access to, or destruction of client information, or service
interruptions. Such events may expose the Company to financial loss arising from the costs of remediation and those arising



© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                            Page     63
64 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




from litigation from our clients and third parties (including under the laws that protect the privacy of personal information),
claims and damages, as well as expose the Company to government sanctions and damage to our brand and reputation.

We could face legal, reputational and financial risks if we fail to protect our and/or client data from security incidents or
cyberattacks.

The volume, velocity and sophistication of security threats and cyber-attacks continue to grow. This includes criminal hackers,
hacktivists, state-sponsored organizations, industrial espionage, employee misconduct, and human or technological errors.
The current geopolitical instability has exacerbated these threats, which could lead to increased risk and frequency of security
and cybersecurity incidents.

As a global IT and business consulting firm providing services to private and public sectors, we process and store increasingly
large amounts of data for our clients, including proprietary information and personal information. Consequently, our business
could be negatively impacted by physical and cyber threats, which could affect our future sales and financial position or
increase our costs.

An unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee information, including cyber-attacks or other security
breaches, could cause a loss of data, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal and state
laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial
condition and results of operations. These security risks to the Company include potential attacks not only of our own
solutions, services and systems, but also those of our clients, contractors, business partners, vendors and other third parties.

The Company’s Chief Security Officer is responsible for overseeing the security of the Company. Any local issue in a business
unit could have a global impact on the entire Company, thus visibility and timely escalation on potential issues are key. We
seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their occurrence or recurrence, by: (i) developing and
regularly reviewing policies and standards related to information security, data privacy, physical security and business
continuity; (ii) monitoring the Company’s performance against these policies and standards; (iii) developing strategies intended
to seek to mitigate the Company’s risks, including through security trainings for all employees to increase awareness of
potential cyber threats; (iv) implementing security measures to ensure an appropriate level of control based on the nature of
the information and the inherent risks attached thereto, including through access management, security monitoring and testing
to mitigate and help detect and respond to attempts to gain unauthorized access to information systems and networks; and (v)
working with the industry and governments against cyber threats. However, because of the evolving nature and sophistication
of these security threats, there can be no assurance that our safeguards will detect or prevent the occurrence of material cyber
breaches, intrusions or attacks.

We are regularly the target of attempted cyber and other security threats and must continuously monitor and develop our
information technology networks and infrastructure to detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse,
computer viruses and other events that could have a security and reputational impact. If security protection does not evolve at
the same pace as threats, a growing gap on our level of protection will be created. Technology evolution and global trends like
digital transformation, cloud and mobile computing amongst others are disrupting the security operating model, thus security
should evolve to address new relevant security requirements and build new capabilities to address the changes. Increasing
detection and automated response capabilities are key to improve visibility and contain any negative potential impact.
Automating security processes and integrating with IT, business and security solutions could address shortage of technical
security staff and avoid introducing human intervention and errors.

Insider or employee cyber and security threats are increasingly a concern for all large companies, including ours. CGI is
continuously working to install new, and upgrade its existing, information technology systems and provide employees
awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to ensure that the Company is protected, to the greatest
extent possible, against cyber risks and security breaches. While CGI selects third-party vendors carefully, it does not control
their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in
communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, cyber-attacks and
security breaches at a vendor could adversely affect our ability to deliver solutions and services to our clients and otherwise
conduct business.


© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                 Page   64
                                                                                                      FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 65
Management’s Discussion and Analysis       | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022



The Company and certain of its clients, contractors, business partners, vendors and other third parties use open-
source services, which can entail risk to end-user security. These open source projects are often created and maintained by
volunteers, who do not always have adequate resources and employees for incident response and proactive maintenance
even as their projects are critical to the internet economy. Vulnerabilities discovered in these open source services can be
exploited by attackers, which could compromise our system infrastructure and/or lead to a loss or breach of personal and/or
proprietary information, financial loss, and other irreversible harm.

While our liability insurance policy covers cyber risks, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will be sufficient in
type or amount to cover the costs, damages, liabilities or losses that can result from security breaches, cyber-attacks and other
related breaches. As the cyber threat landscape evolves, and CGI and our clients increase our digital footprint, we may find it
necessary to make additional significant investments to protect data and infrastructure. Occurrence of any of the
aforementioned security threats could expose the Company, our clients or other third parties to potential liability, litigation, and
regulatory action, in addition to loss of client confidence, loss of existing or potential clients, loss of sensitive government
contracts, damage to brand and reputation, and other financial loss.

Damage to our reputation may harm our ability to obtain new clients and retain our existing clients.

CGI’s reputation as a capable and trustworthy service provider and long-term business partner is key to our ability to compete
effectively in the market for IT services. The nature of our operations exposes us to the potential loss, unauthorized access to,
or destruction of our clients’ information, as well as temporary service interruptions. Depending on the nature of the information
or services, such events may have a negative impact on how the Company is perceived in the marketplace. Under such
circumstances, our ability to obtain new clients and retain existing clients could suffer with a resulting impact on our revenue
and net earnings.

Our inability to meet regulatory requirements and/or stakeholders expectations of disclosure, management and implementation
of ESG initiatives and standards, could have an adverse effect on our business.

Perceptions with respect to environmental, social and governance approaches have changed and certain shareholders,
investors, clients, employees and other stakeholders agree that these issues have become a current and imminent concern.
As such, perceptions of our operations held by our stakeholders may depend, in part, on the environmental, social and
governance (“ESG”) initiatives and standards that we have chosen to implement, and whether or not we meet them.

We are subject to evolving regulatory requirements and have set a number of ambitious ESG commitments and targets to
monitor our ESG performance and align our strategic imperatives, including without limitation, our commitment to net-zero
carbon emissions by 2030 as defined under Scope 1, 2, and the business travel of Scope 3 of the greenhouse gas protocol.
Our ability to meet these requirements and to achieve these commitments and targets depends on many factors and is subject
to many risks that could cause our assumptions or estimates to be inaccurate and cause actual results or events to differ
materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these commitments and targets. Failure to effectively manage and
sufficiently report ESG matters could lead to negative business, financial, legal and regulatory consequences for the Company.

Our revenue and profitability may decline and the accuracy of our financial reporting may be impaired if we fail to design,
implement, monitor and maintain effective internal controls.

Due to the inherent limitations of internal controls including the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, there can only
be reasonable assurance that the Company’s internal controls will detect and prevent a misstatement. If the Company is
unable to design, implement, monitor and maintain effective internal controls throughout its different business environments,
the efficiency of our operations might suffer, resulting in a decline in revenue and profitability, and the accuracy of our financial
reporting could be impaired.

Future funding requirements may affect our business and growth opportunities and we may not have access to favourable
financing opportunities in the future.

The Company’s future growth is contingent on the execution of its business strategy, which, in turn, is dependent on its ability
to grow the business organically as well as through business acquisitions. In the event we would need to raise additional funds



© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                               Page   65
66 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022




through equity or debt financing to fund any currently unidentified or unplanned future acquisitions and other growth
opportunities, there can be no assurance that such financing will be available in amounts and on terms acceptable to us.
Factors such as capital market disruptions, inflation, recession, political, economic and financial market instability, government
policies, central bank monetary policies, and changes to bank regulations, could reduce the availability of capital or increase
the cost of such capital. Our ability to raise the required funding depends on prevailing market conditions, the capacity of the
capital markets to meet our equity and/or debt financing needs in a timely fashion and on the basis of interest rates and/or
share prices that are reasonable in the context of our commercial objectives. Increasing interest rates, volatility in our share
price, rising inflation, and the capacity of our current lenders to meet our additional liquidity requirements are all factors that
may have a material adverse effect on any acquisitions or growth activities that we may, in the future, identify or plan. If we are
unable to obtain the necessary funding, we may be unable to achieve our growth objectives.

The inability to service our debt and other financial obligations, or our inability to fulfill our financial covenants, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The Company has a substantial amount of debt and significant interest payment requirements. A portion of cash flows from
operations goes to the payment of interest on the Company’s indebtedness. The Company’s ability to service its debt and
other financial obligations is affected by prevailing economic conditions in the markets that we serve and financial, business
and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations
and future borrowings or other financing may be unavailable in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our future financial
obligations or our other liquidity needs. In addition, we are party to a number of financing agreements, including our credit
facilities, and the indentures governing our senior unsecured notes, which agreements, indentures and instruments contain
financial and other covenants, including covenants that require us to maintain financial ratios and/or other financial or other
covenants. If we were to breach the covenants contained in our financing agreements, we may be required to redeem, repay,
repurchase or refinance our existing debt obligations prior to their scheduled maturity and our ability to do so may be restricted
or limited by the prevailing conditions in the capital markets, available liquidity and other factors. Our inability to service our
debt and other financial obligations, or our inability to fulfill our financial or other covenants in our financing agreements, could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may be adversely affected by interest rate fluctuations.

Although a significant portion of the Company’s indebtedness bears interest at fixed rates, the Company remains exposed to
interest rate risk under certain of its credit facilities. If interest rates increase, debt service obligations on the variable rate
indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and net income and cash flows would
decrease, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

We may be adversely affected by the discontinuation of LIBOR.

As the global reform of major interest rate benchmarks continues, the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) has been
phased out. We have amended our financing agreements that were indexed to LIBOR to allow us to reference the Secured
Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) as the primary benchmark rate. Because SOFR is fundamentally different from LIBOR,
there is no assurance as to how SOFR may perform or that it is a comparable substitute for LIBOR. As a result, we cannot
reasonably predict the potential effect of the SOFR or other alternative reference rates on our business, financial condition or
results of operations.

Changes in the Company’s creditworthiness or credit ratings could affect the cost at which the Company can access capital or
credit markets.

The Company and each of the U.S. dollar denominated and Canadian dollar denominated senior unsecured notes received
credit ratings. Credit ratings are generally evaluated and determined by independent third parties and may be impacted by
events outside of the Company’s control, as well as other material decisions made by the Company. Credit rating agencies
perform independent analysis when assigning credit ratings and such analysis includes a number of criteria. Such criteria are
reviewed on an on-going basis and are therefore subject to change. Any rating assigned to the Company or to our debt
securities may be revised or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in that rating agency’s judgment, future circumstances


© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                                 Page   66
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 67
Management’s Discussion and Analysis        | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022

Management’s Discussion and Analysis        | For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes, so warrant. Real or anticipated changes in the perceived
creditworthiness of the Company and/or in the credit rating of its debt obligations could affect the market value of such debt
obligations and the ability of the Company to access capital or credit markets, and/or the cost at which it can do so.

We may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations.

The majority of our revenue and costs are denominated in currencies other than the Canadian dollar. Foreign exchange
fluctuations impact the results of our operations as they are reported in Canadian dollars. This risk is partially mitigated by a
natural hedge in matching our costs with revenue denominated in the same currency and through the use of derivatives in our
global hedging strategy. However, as we continue our global expansion, natural hedges may begin to diminish and the use of
hedging contracts exposes us to the risk that financial institutions could fail to perform their obligations under our hedging
instruments. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our hedging strategy and arrangements will offset the impact of
fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could materially adversely affect our business revenues, results of operations,
financial condition or prospects. Other than the use of financial products to deliver on our hedging strategy, we do not trade
derivative financial instruments.

Our functional and reporting currency is the Canadian dollar. As such, our European, U.S., U.K., Asian and Australian
investments, operations and assets are exposed to net change in currency exchange rates. Volatility in exchange rates could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


10.2. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of its business.
Certain of these matters seek damages in significant amounts. Although the outcome of such matters is not predictable with
assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the disposition of any such current matter could reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or the ability to carry on
any of its business activities.




Transfer Agent
Computershare Investor Services Inc.
+1(800) 564-6253

Investor Relations
Kevin Linder
Senior Vice-President, Investor Relations
Telephone: +1(905) 973-8363
kevin.linder@cgi.com

1350 René-Lévesque Boulevard West
25th Floor
Montréal, Quebec
H3G 1T4
Canada

cgi.com



© 2023 CGI Inc.                                                                                                           Page     67
68 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditors’
                 Auditors’ Reports
                           Reports
MANAGEMENT’S
MANAGEMENT’S STATEMENT
             STATEMENT OF
                       OF RESPONSIBILITY
                          RESPONSIBILITY FOR
                                         FOR FINANCIAL
                                             FINANCIAL REPORTING
                                                       REPORTING
The management of CGI Inc. (the Company) is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial
The management of CGI Inc. (the Company) is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial
statements and the Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A). The consolidated financial statements have been
statements and the Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A). The consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board and necessarily include some amounts that are based on management’s best estimates and judgement. Financial and
Board and necessarily include some amounts that are based on management’s best estimates and judgement. Financial and
operating data elsewhere in the MD&A are consistent with that contained in the accompanying consolidated financial
operating data elsewhere in the MD&A are consistent with that contained in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.
statements.
To fulfill its responsibility, management has developed, and continues to maintain, systems of internal controls reinforced by
To fulfill its responsibility, management has developed, and continues to maintain, systems of internal controls reinforced by
the Company’s standards of conduct and ethics, as set out in written policies to ensure the reliability of the financial
the Company’s standards of conduct and ethics, as set out in written policies to ensure the reliability of the financial
information and to safeguard its assets. The Company's consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal
information and to safeguard its assets. The Company's consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting are subject to audit by an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,
control over financial reporting are subject to audit by an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose report follows. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose report follows. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm appointed by our shareholders upon the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of
Firm appointed by our shareholders upon the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of
Directors, has performed an independent audit of the consolidated balance sheets as at September 30, 2023 and 2022 and
Directors, has performed an independent audit of the consolidated balance sheets as at September 30, 2023 and 2022 and
the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years ended
the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years ended
September 30, 2023 and 2022 and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2023.
September 30, 2023 and 2022 and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2023.
Members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors, all of whom are independent of the
Members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors, all of whom are independent of the
Company, meet regularly with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and with management to discuss internal controls in the financial
Company, meet regularly with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and with management to discuss internal controls in the financial
reporting process, auditing matters and financial reporting issues and formulate the appropriate recommendations to the Board
reporting process, auditing matters and financial reporting issues and formulate the appropriate recommendations to the Board
of Directors. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has full and unrestricted access to the Audit and Risk Management Committee.
of Directors. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has full and unrestricted access to the Audit and Risk Management Committee.
The consolidated financial statements and MD&A have been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.
The consolidated financial statements and MD&A have been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.




  George D. Schindler                         Steve Perron
  George
  PresidentD.and
              Schindler
                 Chief Executive Officer      Steve Perron
                                              Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
  President and Chief Executive Officer       Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
  November 7, 2023
  November 7, 2023




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                1
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                1
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 69

Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditors’
                 Auditors’ Reports
                           Reports
MANAGEMENT'S
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT
             REPORT ON
                    ON INTERNAL
                       INTERNAL CONTROL
                                CONTROL OVER
                                        OVER FINANCIAL
                                             FINANCIAL REPORTING
                                                       REPORTING
The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed, under the supervision of and with the
reporting. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed, under the supervision of and with the
participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer as well as the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer,
participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer as well as the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s
consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting
consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:
    -- Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions
       Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions
    of the assets of the Company;
    of the assets of the Company;
    -- Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial
       Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial
    statements in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in
    statements in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in
    accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and,
    accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and,
    -- Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of
       Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of
     the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
     the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
All internal control systems have inherent limitations; therefore, even where internal control over financial reporting is
All internal control systems have inherent limitations; therefore, even where internal control over financial reporting is
determined to be effective, it can provide only reasonable assurance. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
determined to be effective, it can provide only reasonable assurance. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer as well as the
Management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer as well as the
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management
has determined the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2023 was effective.
has determined the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2023 was effective.
The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023 has been audited by
The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, as stated in their report which appears
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, as stated in their report which appears
herein.
herein.




  George D. Schindler                             Steve Perron
  George
  PresidentD.and
              Schindler
                 Chief Executive Officer          Steve Perron
                                                  Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
  President and Chief Executive Officer           Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
  November 7, 2023
  November 7, 2023




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                       2
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                       2
70 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditors’
                 Auditors’ Reports
                           Reports
REPORT
REPORT OF
       OF INDEPENDENT
          INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
                      REGISTERED PUBLIC
                                 PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
                                        ACCOUNTING FIRM
                                                   FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Inc.
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Inc.
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CGI Inc. and its subsidiaries (together, the Company) as
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CGI Inc. and its subsidiaries (together, the Company) as
of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in
of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in
equity and cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
equity and cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023,
financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023,
based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years
position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years
then ended in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
then ended in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting
Board. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting
as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
COSO.
COSO.
Basis for Opinions
Basis for Opinions
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included
in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting
opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the US federal
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the US federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
all material respects.
all material respects.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                       3
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                       3
                                                                                                    FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 71

Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditors’
                 Auditors’ Reports
                           Reports
REPORT
REPORT OF
       OF INDEPENDENT
          INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
                      REGISTERED PUBLIC
                                 PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
                                        ACCOUNTING FIRM
                                                   FIRM (continued)
                                                        (continued)
Basis for Opinions (continued)
Basis for Opinions (continued)
Our audit of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement
Our audit of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the
Board of Directors and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
Board of Directors and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does
(ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does
not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to
the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to
which it relates.
which it relates.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                        4
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                        4
72 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Management’s
Management’s and
             and Auditors’
                 Auditors’ Reports
                           Reports
REPORT
REPORT OF
       OF INDEPENDENT
          INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
                      REGISTERED PUBLIC
                                 PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
                                        ACCOUNTING FIRM
                                                   FIRM (continued)
                                                        (continued)
Critical Audit Matters (continued)
Critical Audit Matters (continued)
Revenue Recognition - Estimates of total expected labour costs for business and strategic information technology (IT)
Revenue Recognition - Estimates of total expected labour costs for business and strategic information technology (IT)
consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements
consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements
As described in notes 3 and 29 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue for business and
As described in notes 3 and 29 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue for business and
strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements using the percentage-of-completion
strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee arrangements using the percentage-of-completion
method over time. For the year ended September 30, 2023, revenue from business and strategic IT consulting and systems
method over time. For the year ended September 30, 2023, revenue from business and strategic IT consulting and systems
integration services under fixed-fee arrangements makes up a portion of the Company’s total revenues of $14,296,360,000.
integration services under fixed-fee arrangements makes up a portion of the Company’s total revenues of $14,296,360,000.
The selection of the measure of progress towards completion requires management’s judgement and is based on the nature of
The selection of the measure of progress towards completion requires management’s judgement and is based on the nature of
the services to be provided. As disclosed by management, the Company relies on estimates of total expected labour costs,
the services to be provided. As disclosed by management, the Company relies on estimates of total expected labour costs,
which are compared to labour costs incurred to date, to arrive at an estimate of the progress to completion which determines
which are compared to labour costs incurred to date, to arrive at an estimate of the progress to completion which determines
the percentage of revenue earned to date. Management regularly reviews underlying estimates of total expected labour costs.
the percentage of revenue earned to date. Management regularly reviews underlying estimates of total expected labour costs.
Management has disclosed that there are many factors that can affect the estimates of total expected labour costs, including,
Management has disclosed that there are many factors that can affect the estimates of total expected labour costs, including,
but not limited to, changes in scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones, or new complexities in the project’s
but not limited to, changes in scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones, or new complexities in the project’s
delivery.
delivery.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to Revenue Recognition – Estimates of
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to Revenue Recognition – Estimates of
total expected labour costs for business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee
total expected labour costs for business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under fixed-fee
arrangements is a critical audit matter are (i) there was significant judgement by management when developing the estimates
arrangements is a critical audit matter are (i) there was significant judgement by management when developing the estimates
of total expected labour costs; and (ii) there was significant auditor judgement and effort in performing procedures to evaluate
of total expected labour costs; and (ii) there was significant auditor judgement and effort in performing procedures to evaluate
the estimates of total expected labour costs, including the assessment of management’s judgement about the Company’s
the estimates of total expected labour costs, including the assessment of management’s judgement about the Company’s
ability to properly assess the factors that can affect the estimates of total expected labour costs.
ability to properly assess the factors that can affect the estimates of total expected labour costs.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to
the revenue recognition process, including controls over the determination of estimates of total expected labour costs. These
the revenue recognition process, including controls over the determination of estimates of total expected labour costs. These
procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management’s process, on a sample basis, for determining
procedures also included, among others, evaluating and testing management’s process, on a sample basis, for determining
the estimates of total expected labour costs determined by management by (i) testing total labour costs incurred to supporting
the estimates of total expected labour costs determined by management by (i) testing total labour costs incurred to supporting
evidence; (ii) performing a comparison of the sum of total labour costs incurred and the total expected labour costs to complete
evidence; (ii) performing a comparison of the sum of total labour costs incurred and the total expected labour costs to complete
to the originally estimated costs; and (iii) evaluating the process of the timely identification of factors that can affect the total
to the originally estimated costs; and (iii) evaluating the process of the timely identification of factors that can affect the total
expected labour costs including, but not limited to, changes to the scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones or new
expected labour costs including, but not limited to, changes to the scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones or new
complexities in the project’s delivery.
complexities in the project’s delivery.




/s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Montréal, Canada
Montréal, Canada
November 7, 2023
November 7, 2023
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2019.
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2019.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                       5
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                       5
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 73

Consolidated
 ConsolidatedStatements
               Statements
                        ofof
                           Earnings
                             Earnings
For For
     the the
         years
             years
               ended
                   ended
                      September
                         September
                                 30 30
(in (in
    thousands
        thousands
               of of
                  Canadian
                     Canadian
                           dollars,
                               dollars,
                                    except
                                        except
                                           per per
                                               share
                                                   share
                                                     data)
                                                         data)


                                                                                    NotesNotes            20232023            20222022
                                                                                                             $   $               $   $
 Revenue
    Revenue                                                                           29   29       14,296,360
                                                                                                        14,296,360      12,867,201
                                                                                                                            12,867,201
 Operating
    Operating
           expenses
                expenses
  Costs
      Costs
         of of
             ervices,
                 services,
                      selling
                           selling
                               and and
                                    administrative
                                        administrative                                23   23       11,982,421
                                                                                                        11,982,421      10,776,564
                                                                                                                            10,776,564
  Acquisition-related
      Acquisition-related
                        and and
                             integration
                                 integration
                                         costscosts                                  27d 27d            53,401
                                                                                                            53,401          27,654
                                                                                                                                27,654
  CostCost
        optimization
             optimization
                      program
                           program                                                    25   25            8,964
                                                                                                             8,964              — —
  Net Net
      finance
           finance
               costscosts                                                             26   26           52,463
                                                                                                            52,463          92,023
                                                                                                                                92,023
  Foreign
      Foreign
           exchange
                exchange
                       loss loss                                                                         1,198
                                                                                                             1,198           4,001
                                                                                                                                 4,001
                                                                                                    12,098,447
                                                                                                        12,098,447      10,900,242
                                                                                                                            10,900,242
 Earnings
     Earnings
           before
               before
                  income
                      income
                          taxes
                              taxes                                                                  2,197,913
                                                                                                         2,197,913       1,966,959
                                                                                                                             1,966,959
 Income
     Income
         tax tax
             expense
                 expense                                                              16   16          566,664
                                                                                                           566,664         500,817
                                                                                                                               500,817
 Net Net
     earnings
          earnings                                                                                   1,631,249
                                                                                                         1,631,249       1,466,142
                                                                                                                             1,466,142
 Earnings
     Earnings
            per per
                share
                    share
 BasicBasic
        earnings
            earnings
                 per per
                     share
                         share                                                        21   21             6.976.97            6.136.13
 Diluted
      Diluted
          earnings
              earnings
                   per per
                       share
                           share                                                      21   21             6.866.86            6.046.04


See See
    Notes to
        Notestheto the
                  Consolidated
                       Consolidated
                               Financial
                                    Financial
                                         Statements.
                                              Statements.




CGI Inc.
    CGI–Inc. –
          Consolidated
               Consolidated
                       Financial
                            Financial
                                 Statements
                                      Statements
                                            for the
                                                  for the
                                                    yearsyears
                                                          endedended
                                                                 September
                                                                     September
                                                                           30, 2023
                                                                                30, 2023
                                                                                     and and
                                                                                         20222022                                    6   6
74 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                                2023         2022
                                                                                                                   $            $
  Net earnings                                                                                             1,631,249    1,466,142
  Items that will be reclassified subsequently to net earnings (net of income taxes):
      Net unrealized gains (losses) on translating financial statements of foreign operations               242,789      (319,698)
      Net losses on cross-currency swaps and on translating long-term debt designated as hedges
       of net investments in foreign operations                                                              (53,959)     (4,541)
      Deferred (costs) gains of hedging on cross-currency swaps                                              (14,733)     21,705
      Net unrealized (losses) gains on cash flow hedges                                                      (18,750)     25,245
      Net unrealized gains (losses) on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income         660      (6,263)
   Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings (net of income taxes):
     Net remeasurement losses on defined benefit plans                                                      (36,778)       (8,282)
  Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                         119,229      (291,834)
  Comprehensive income                                                                                     1,750,478    1,174,308


See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                    7
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 75

Consolidated Balance Sheets
As at September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                  Notes           2023            2022
                                                                                                                     $               $
 Assets
 Current assets
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 28e and 32    1,568,291         966,458
     Accounts receivable                                                                         4 and 32    1,425,117       1,363,545
     Work in progress                                                                                        1,143,685       1,191,844
     Current financial assets                                                                      32          103,463          33,858
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                                 198,377         189,366
     Income taxes                                                                                                6,067           5,137
 Total current assets before funds held for clients                                                          4,445,000       3,750,208
      Funds held for clients                                                                        5          488,727         598,839
 Total current assets                                                                                        4,933,727       4,349,047
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                      6          389,276         369,608
 Right-of-use assets                                                                                7          482,321         535,121
 Contract costs                                                                                    8           308,446         261,612
 Intangible assets                                                                                 9           623,103         615,959
 Other long-term assets                                                                            10           84,776         139,666
 Long-term financial assets                                                                        11          147,968         337,156
 Deferred tax assets                                                                               16          105,432          85,795
 Goodwill                                                                                          12        8,724,450       8,481,456
                                                                                                            15,799,499      15,175,420

 Liabilities
 Current liabilities
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                  924,659       1,016,407
     Accrued compensation and employee-related liabilities                                                   1,100,566       1,130,726
     Deferred revenue                                                                                          488,761         453,579
     Income taxes                                                                                              250,869         153,984
     Current portion of long-term debt                                                             14        1,158,971          93,447
     Current portion of lease liabilities                                                                      198,857         157,944
     Provisions                                                                                    13           24,965          33,103
     Current derivative financial instruments                                                      32            4,513           5,710
 Total current liabilities before clients’ funds obligations                                                 4,152,161       3,044,900
     Clients’ funds obligations                                                                                493,638         604,431
 Total current liabilities                                                                                   4,645,799       3,649,331
 Long-term debt                                                                                    14        1,941,350       3,173,587
 Long-term lease liabilities                                                                                   443,106         551,257
 Long-term provisions                                                                              13           19,198          17,482
 Other long-term liabilities                                                                       15          243,592         192,108
 Long-term derivative financial instruments                                                        32            1,700           6,480
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                          16           31,081         157,406
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                                   17          163,379         155,045
                                                                                                             7,489,205       7,902,696
 Equity
 Retained earnings                                                                                           6,329,107       5,425,005
 Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                            18          158,975          39,746
 Capital stock                                                                                     19        1,477,180       1,493,169
 Contributed surplus                                                                                           345,032         314,804
                                                                                                             8,310,294       7,272,724
                                                                                                            15,799,499      15,175,420

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




Approved by the Board of Directors                                                    George D. Schindler   Serge Godin
                                                                                      Director              Director




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                         8
76 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                                                                              Accumulated
                                                                                                    other
                                                                                   Retained comprehensive         Capital   Contributed        Total
                                                                        Notes      earnings       income           stock       surplus        equity
                                                                                           $               $           $              $           $

Balance as at September 30, 2022                                                 5,425,005           39,746    1,493,169      314,804     7,272,724
Net earnings                                                                     1,631,249               —            —            —      1,631,249
Other comprehensive income                                                              —           119,229          —              —       119,229
Comprehensive income                                                             1,631,249          119,229          —              —     1,750,478
Share-based payment costs                                                               —                —           —          58,214       58,214
Income tax impact associated with stock options                                         —                —           —          14,423       14,423
Exercise of stock options                                                19             —                —      106,051        (17,735)      88,316
Exercise of performance share units                                      19         (2,885)              —       13,680        (24,674)     (13,879)
Purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares           19       (725,538)              —      (61,368)            —      (786,906)
Unrealized commitment to purchase Class A subordinate voting
  shares                                                                              1,276              —          103             —         1,379
Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts             19             —                —       (74,455)          —        (74,455)
Balance as at September 30, 2023                                                 6,329,107          158,975    1,477,180      345,032     8,310,294



                                                                                                 Accumulated
                                                                                                       other
                                                                                    Retained   comprehensive      Capital   Contributed        Total
                                                                        Notes       earnings         income        stock       surplus        equity
                                                                                           $              $            $             $            $

Balance as at September 30, 2021                                                 4,732,229          331,580 1,632,705         289,718     6,986,232
Net earnings                                                                     1,466,142               —         —               —      1,466,142
Other comprehensive loss                                                                —          (291,834)       —               —       (291,834)
Comprehensive income (loss)                                                      1,466,142         (291,834)       —               —      1,174,308
Share-based payment costs                                                               —                —                     48,996        48,996
Income tax impact associated with stock options                                         —                —         —              460           460
Exercise of stock options                                                19             —                —     50,236          (8,549)       41,687
Exercise of performance share units                                      19             —                —     15,821         (15,821)           —
Purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares           19       (773,366)              —   (135,290)             —       (908,656)
Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts             19             —                —    (70,303)             —        (70,303)
Balance as at September 30, 2022                                                 5,425,005           39,746 1,493,169         314,804     7,272,724


See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                       9
                                                                                                              FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 77

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                   Notes             2023          2022
                                                                                                                        $             $
 Operating activities
 Net earnings                                                                                                   1,631,249     1,466,142
 Adjustments for:
  Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                          24           519,648       474,622
  Deferred income tax recovery                                                                       16          (109,496)       (7,496)
  Foreign exchange gain                                                                                              (766)         (254)
  Share-based payment costs                                                                                        58,214        48,996
  Gain on lease terminations and sale of property, plant and equipment                                             (3,065)       (6,119)
 Net change in non-cash working capital items and others                                            28a            16,465      (110,893)
 Cash provided by operating activities                                                                          2,112,249     1,864,998


 Investing activities
 Net change in short-term investments                                                                             (81,131)       (4,881)
 Business acquisitions (considering bank overdraft assumed and cash acquired)                       27c           (13,039)     (571,911)
 Loan receivable                                                                                                  (15,846)           —
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                       (159,769)     (156,136)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                   —          3,790
 Additions to contract costs                                                                                     (102,082)      (84,283)
 Additions to intangible assets                                                                                  (147,200)     (137,621)
 Purchase of long-term investments                                                                                (93,275)      (11,905)
 Proceeds from sale of long-term investments                                                                       50,484        51,000
 Cash used in investing activities                                                                               (561,858)     (911,947)


 Financing activities
 Increase of long-term debt                                                                         28c               948            —
 Repayment of long-term debt                                                                        28c           (79,150)     (401,654)
 Payment of lease liabilities                                                                       28c          (161,211)     (153,996)
 Repayment of debt assumed in business acquisitions                                                 28c           (56,994)     (113,036)
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                                  28c and 32         2,921         6,258
 Withholding taxes remitted on the net settlement of performance share units                         19           (13,879)           —
 Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trusts                                        19           (74,455)      (70,303)
 Purchase and cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares                                      19          (788,020)     (913,388)
 Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                                                     88,316        41,691
 Net change in clients' funds obligations                                                                        (110,852)       13,330
 Cash used in financing activities                                                                             (1,192,376)   (1,591,098)
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and cash included in
   funds held for clients                                                                                           8,884       (46,500)
 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds held for clients                    366,899      (684,547)
 Cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds held for clients, beginning of year                          1,471,184     2,155,731
 Cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds held for clients, end of year                                1,838,083     1,471,184


Cash composition:
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       1,568,291      966,458
Cash included in funds held for clients                                                              5            269,792      504,726



Supplementary cash flow information (Note 28).

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                         10
78 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


1.      Description of business

CGI Inc. (the Company), directly or through its subsidiaries, provides managed information technology (IT) and business
process services, business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services, as well as software solutions to help
clients effectively realize their strategies and create added value. The Company was incorporated under Part IA of the
Companies Act (Québec), predecessor to the Business Corporations Act (Québec) which came into force on February 14,
2011 and its Class A subordinate voting shares are publicly traded. The executive and registered office of the Company is
situated at 1350 René-Lévesque Blvd. West, Montréal, Québec, Canada, H3G 1T4.

2.      Basis of preparation

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
The Company’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 were authorized for
issue by the Board of Directors on November 7, 2023.

3.      Summary of material accounting policies

BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated on consolidation.
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The Company controls an entity when it is exposed or has right to variable
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the relevant
activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition and continue to be consolidated until the
date control over the subsidiaries ceases.

BASIS OF MEASUREMENT
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets and
liabilities, which have been measured at fair value as described below.

USE OF JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements and estimates that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, equity and the accompanying disclosures at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because the use of judgements
and estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ.
Significant judgements and estimates about the future and other major sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
reporting period could have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the following within
the next financial year: revenue recognition, deferred tax assets, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts, goodwill
impairment, right-of-use assets, business combinations, provisions for uncertain tax treatments and litigation and claims.
The judgements, apart from those involving estimations, that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the
consolidated financial statements are:
Revenue recognition of multiple deliverable arrangements
Assessing whether the deliverables within an arrangement are separate performance obligations requires judgement by
management. A deliverable is identified as a separate performance obligation if the customer benefits from it on its own or
together with resources that are readily available to the customer and if it is separately identifiable from the other deliverables
in the contract. The Company assesses if the deliverables are separately identifiable in the context of the contract by
determining if it is highly interrelated with other deliverables in the contract. If these criteria are not met, the deliverables are
accounted for as a combined performance obligation.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                        11
                                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 79

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For
For the
    the years
         years ended
               ended September
                     September 30,30, 2023
                                      2023 and
                                            and 2022
                                                2022
(tabular
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian
         amounts  only are in thousands  of Canadian dollars,
                                                     dollars, except
                                                              except per
                                                                     per share
                                                                         share data)
                                                                               data)


3.       Summaryof
         Summary ofmaterial
                   materialaccounting
                            accountingpolicies
                                      policies(continued)
                                               (continued)

USE OF JUDGEMENTS
FUTURE
USE OF JUDGEMENTS  AND
        ACCOUNTING AND ESTIMATES
                   STANDARD
                       ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
                             CHANGES
                                 (CONTINUED)
Deferred
Deferred
The       tax assets
          tax
    following assets
              standard amendments are effective as of October 1, 2023:
Definitiontax
Deferred
Deferred     ofassets
           tax   assets   are
                          are recognized
                  Accounting      Estimates
                               recognized     for–unused
                                              for unused    tax losses
                                                            tax
                                                   Amendments   lossesto to
                                                                         IAS
                                                                         to    8 extent
                                                                             the
                                                                             the extent that
                                                                                         that itit is probable that
                                                                                                   is probable        taxable income
                                                                                                                 that taxable                be available
                                                                                                                                        will be
                                                                                                                               income will       available
against
against which
         which the the losses
                       losses can
                                can be
                                     be utilized.
                                         utilized. Management
                                                    Management judgement
                                                                     judgement is  is required
                                                                                      required concerning
                                                                                                   concerning uncertainties
                                                                                                                 uncertainties that
                                                                                                                                that exist
                                                                                                                                     exist with
                                                                                                                                           with respect
                                                                                                                                                  respect to
                                                                                                                                                          to
In
theFebruaryof2021,      the IASBincome
                                   amended IAS 8 to     Accounting Policies,      Changes     in Accounting      estimates and Errors    to introduce   a
the timing
    timing of future
                 future taxable
                         taxable income required
                                             required to recognize
                                                           recognize a  a deferred
                                                                           deferred tax
                                                                                      tax asset.
                                                                                          asset. The The Company
                                                                                                          Company recognizes
                                                                                                                      recognizes anan income
                                                                                                                                      income tax tax benefit
                                                                                                                                                     benefit
definition
only       of accounting      estimates    and to help    entities  distinguish   changes    in accounting      policies from changes    in accounting
only when
      when itit is
                is probable
                    probable that
                               that the
                                    the tax
                                         tax benefit
                                              benefit will
                                                       will be
                                                            be realized
                                                                realized inin the
                                                                              the future.
                                                                                  future. In
                                                                                           In making
                                                                                              making thisthis judgement,
                                                                                                              judgement, thethe Company
                                                                                                                                 Company relies
                                                                                                                                             relies on
                                                                                                                                                    on
estimates.
forecasts    This    distinction is important     because    changes    in  accounting   policies     must  be  applied  retrospectively  while changes
forecasts and
            and thethe availability
                       availability of
                                     of future
                                        future tax
                                                 tax planning
                                                     planning strategies.
                                                                 strategies.
in accounting estimates are accounted for prospectively.
A
A description
   description of of estimates
                     estimates isis included
                                    included in in the
                                                   the respective
                                                       respective sections
                                                                     sections within
                                                                                 within the
                                                                                        the Notes
                                                                                             Notes to  to the
                                                                                                          the Consolidated
                                                                                                              Consolidated Financial
                                                                                                                              Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                                         Statements.
Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction – Amendments to IAS 12
REVENUE
REVENUE
In May 2021,RECOGNITION,
            RECOGNITION,
               the            WORK
                              WORK
                   IASB amended    IASIN12PROGRESS
                                       IN PROGRESS
                                            Income       AND
                                                         AND
                                                    Taxes,  to DEFERRED
                                                               DEFERRED
                                                               narrow      REVENUE
                                                                           REVENUE
                                                                      the scope  of the initial recognition exemption so that it does
not apply to
The Company
The          transactions
     Company generates    that give rise to
                           revenue through
                generates revenue            equal
                                    through the    and offsetting
                                              the provision
                                                  provision of    temporary
                                                            of managed
                                                               managed IT   differences.
                                                                        IT and
                                                                           and  business process
                                                                                business   process services,
                                                                                                    services, business
                                                                                                              business and
                                                                                                                       and strategic
                                                                                                                            strategic
IT
IT
Theconsulting
   consulting and systems
              and systems
     implementation         integration
                     of these           services,
                               standardservices,
                            integration           as well
                                                  as
                                         amendments  well as
                                                      willas software
                                                             software
                                                           result       solutions
                                                                  in no solutions     described
                                                                                  asthe
                                                                        impact onas   described
                                                                                        Company'sin Note
                                                                                                 in Note 1, Description
                                                                                                         1, Description
                                                                                                     consolidated       of business.
                                                                                                                        of business.
                                                                                                                  financial
statements.
The
The  Company
     Company provides
               provides services
                         services and
                                   and products
                                        products under
                                                 under arrangements
                                                       arrangements thatthat contain
                                                                             contain various
                                                                                      various pricing
                                                                                              pricing mechanisms.
                                                                                                      mechanisms. TheThe Company
                                                                                                                         Company
accounts
accounts forfor aa contract
                   contract oror aa group
                                    group of of contracts
                                                contracts when
                                                             when the  the following
                                                                            following criteria
                                                                                         criteria are
                                                                                                   are met:
                                                                                                       met: the
                                                                                                             the parties
                                                                                                                  parties toto the
                                                                                                                                the contract
                                                                                                                                     contract have
                                                                                                                                               have approved
                                                                                                                                                      approved
The
the  following
    contract    in standard
                   which       amendments
                           their  rights, their   have     been
                                                 obligations       issued
                                                                  and    the  and
                                                                             paymentwill   be effective
                                                                                           terms  have    as
                                                                                                         been of  October
                                                                                                                identified,
the contract in which their rights, their obligations and the payment terms have been identified, the contract has commercial 1,
                                                                                                                              the 2024   for
                                                                                                                                   contract   the
                                                                                                                                             has  commercialwith
                                                                                                                                                  Company,
earlier  application
substance,
substance,    and
              and the    collectabilityThe
                         permitted.
                    the collectability    of
                                          of the
                                             theCompany
                                                  consideration
                                                  considerationis   currently
                                                                       is        evaluating the impact of these standard amendments on its
                                                                       is probable.
                                                                           probable.
consolidated financial statements.
A contract
A  contract modification
             modification is  is a
                                 a change
                                    change in in the
                                                 the scope
                                                       scope or or price
                                                                    price ofof an
                                                                               an existing
                                                                                   existing revenue-generating
                                                                                               revenue-generating customer
                                                                                                                        customer contract.
                                                                                                                                      contract. The
                                                                                                                                                The Company
                                                                                                                                                      Company
Classification
accounts
accounts    for a
            for     of   Liabilities
                   contract
                 a contract             as as
                              modification
                              modification    Current
                                               as a        or
                                                   a separate
                                                      separate  Non-current
                                                                   contract when
                                                                   contract    whenand the  Information
                                                                                       the scope
                                                                                             scope of   the about
                                                                                                     of the contractlong-term
                                                                                                            contract    increases     debt
                                                                                                                                      because
                                                                                                                        increases because    withof  covenants
                                                                                                                                                 of the
                                                                                                                                                    the  addition –
                                                                                                                                                         addition
Amendments
of promised        to  IAS
                performance 1    obligations    and    the  price   of
of promised performance obligations and the price of the contract increases by an amount of consideration that reflects its
                                                                        the  contract    increases    by an  amount    of  consideration     that reflects   its
stand-alone
stand-alone
In January 2020,selling
                selling  prices.
                       the IASB When
                         prices.   When
                                   amended the  IAS   1 is
                                           the contract
                                                contract    is  not
                                                                not accounted
                                                         Presentationaccounted      for as
                                                                                    for
                                                                            of Financial  as a
                                                                                             a  separate
                                                                                                separate contract,
                                                                                             Statements,    clarifyingthe
                                                                                                           contract,  the   Company
                                                                                                                            Company
                                                                                                                         that  the       recognizes
                                                                                                                                         recognizes
                                                                                                                                    classification  of an
                                                                                                                                                        an
                                                                                                                                                       liabilities as
current  or to
adjustment
adjustment     to
             non-current     on the
                  revenue ison
                  revenue       basedexisting
                                  the existing
                                        on       contract
                                                 contract
                                             existing         onata
                                                              on
                                                         rights      cumulative
                                                                     cumulative
                                                                  a the    end of thecatch-up
                                                                                     catch-up     basis
                                                                                                  basis
                                                                                          reporting      as at the
                                                                                                         as at
                                                                                                     period,   the  date of
                                                                                                                    date
                                                                                                              independent  of the
                                                                                                                               the  contract
                                                                                                                                    contract the
                                                                                                                                of whether        Companyor,
                                                                                                                                               modification
                                                                                                                                               modification     willifif
                                                                                                                                                               or,
the
the remaining
    remaining
exercise           goods
                   goods
           its right       and
                      to defer   services
                           and services
                                settlement  are
                                            are   distinct
                                                  distinct
                                               of a         performance
                                                            performance
                                                     liability. Subsequently, inobligations,
                                                                                obligations,
                                                                                        October the  Company
                                                                                                the2022,
                                                                                                     Company     recognizes
                                                                                                                 recognizes
                                                                                                           the IASB    introducedthe  remaining   consideration
                                                                                                                                       additional consideration
                                                                                                                                 the remaining     amendments
prospectively.
prospectively.
to IAS  1, emphasizing that covenants for long-term debt, regardless whether the covenants were compliant after the reporting
date, should
Revenue
Revenue           not affect debt
             is recognized
             is recognized       when
                                 when  classification;
                                          or as
                                          or               instead,satisfies
                                                  the Company
                                              as the   Company          companies
                                                                      satisfies   a performance
                                                                                  a performance          to disclose
                                                                                        are requiredobligation
                                                                                                       obligation        transferringabout
                                                                                                                     by information
                                                                                                                     by  transferring            theseof
                                                                                                                                         a promise
                                                                                                                                         a promise      ofcovenants
                                                                                                                                                            good or
                                                                                                                                                            good    or in
the notes
service   to  accompanying
              the   customer      their
                                 and    arefinancial
                                              measured statements.
                                                             at  the  amount     of consideration       the   Company
service to the customer and are measured at the amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled to receive,     expects    to be   entitled   to  receive,
including
Supplier variable
including                 arrangementssuch
             finance consideration,
             variable     consideration,       such as,
                                                -     as,  discounts,
                                                           discounts,
                                                  Amendments            to volume
                                                                           volume
                                                                           IAS       rebates,
                                                                                          IFRS service-level
                                                                                     rebates,
                                                                                 7 and           service-level penalties,
                                                                                                  7                 penalties, andand incentives.
                                                                                                                                       incentives. Variable
                                                                                                                                                       Variable
consideration
consideration is estimated using either the expected value method or most likely amount method and is
                    is estimated     using     either  the  expected       value   method     or most    likely  amount     method     and   is included
                                                                                                                                                included onlyonly toto the
                                                                                                                                                                       the
In May
extent   2023,
        it is      the
               highly    IASB
                        probableamended
                                     that    a IAS   7  Statement
                                               significant    reversal  of Cash
                                                                           of      Flows
                                                                              cumulative    and   IFRS
                                                                                             revenue      7  Financial
                                                                                                         recognized
extent it is highly probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. In making this  Instruments:
                                                                                                                         will not   occur. Disclosures
                                                                                                                                            In  making      to
                                                                                                                                                           this  introduce
new  disclosure
judgement,
judgement,            requirements
                management
                management         will   to
                                   will mostlyenhance
                                          mostly          the all
                                                   consider
                                                   consider      all information        supplier at
                                                                     informationonavailable
                                                                transparency         available     finance
                                                                                                  at  the
                                                                                                      the timearrangements
                                                                                                           time   (historical,    and  their
                                                                                                                                 current
                                                                                                                  (historical, current    and
                                                                                                                                          and impact     on the the
                                                                                                                                                 forecasted),
                                                                                                                                                 forecasted),      the
Company’s       liabilities,  cash
Company’s knowledge of the client or the industry, the type of services to be delivered and the specific contractualsuch
                knowledge       of theflows    and
                                          client  orliquidity
                                                      the        exposure.
                                                           industry,     the    The
                                                                              type   new
                                                                                    of      disclosure
                                                                                        services    to be  requirements
                                                                                                            delivered    and will
                                                                                                                               the include
                                                                                                                                    specific information
                                                                                                                                               contractual      terms
                                                                                                                                                                terms asof
                                                                                                                                                                        of
terms and
each
each           conditions, the carrying amount of liabilities, the range of payment due dates, non-cash changes and liquidity risk
      arrangement.
      arrangement.
information around supplier finance arrangements.
Revenue
Revenue from from sales
                     sales ofof third
                                third party
                                        party vendor's
                                                 vendor's products,
                                                             products, suchsuch asas software
                                                                                      software licenses,
                                                                                                   licenses, hardware
                                                                                                                hardware or   or services
                                                                                                                                 services is is recorded
                                                                                                                                                recorded on   on a a gross
                                                                                                                                                                     gross
basis when      the    Company      is  a  principal   to  the   transaction     and   is
basis when the Company is a principal to the transaction and is recorded net of costs when the Company is acting as an
                                                                                          recorded     net   of costs   when    the  Company       is  acting   as  an agent
                                                                                                                                                                        agent
between
between the the client
                  client and
                           and vendor.
                                vendor. To   To determine
                                                 determine whether
                                                                whether the the Company
                                                                                 Company is    is a
                                                                                                  a principal
                                                                                                     principal oror an
                                                                                                                     an agent,
                                                                                                                         agent, itit evaluates
                                                                                                                                     evaluates whether
                                                                                                                                                   whether control
                                                                                                                                                               control isis
obtained
obtained of of the
                the goods
                      goods or or services
                                  services beforebefore they
                                                         they are are transferred
                                                                       transferred to to the
                                                                                          the client.
                                                                                               client. This
                                                                                                        This isis often
                                                                                                                  often demonstrated
                                                                                                                         demonstrated when   when the the Company
                                                                                                                                                           Company
provides
provides significant
            significant integration
                            integration of  of the
                                                the goods
                                                    goods and  and services
                                                                     services from
                                                                                 from a  a third
                                                                                           third party
                                                                                                 party vendor
                                                                                                         vendor intointo the
                                                                                                                         the Company's
                                                                                                                               Company's goods goods andand services
                                                                                                                                                              services
delivered
delivered to the client. Other factors considered include whether the Company has the primary responsibility for providing
             to  the   client. Other     factors   considered       include    whether     the  Company       has   the  primary    responsibility     for providing the the
product or
product    or service,
               service, hashas inventory
                                inventory risk risk before
                                                    before the the specified
                                                                    specified goodgood or or service
                                                                                             service hashas been
                                                                                                              been transferred
                                                                                                                      transferred to to a
                                                                                                                                        a client,
                                                                                                                                          client, oror after
                                                                                                                                                        after transfer
                                                                                                                                                               transfer ofof
control
control to
         to aa client,
                client, and
                          and has
                               has discretion
                                     discretion establishing
                                                    establishing the   the selling
                                                                            selling price.
                                                                                     price.
Relative
Relative stand-alone
         stand-alone selling
                     selling price
                             price
The Company’s
The  Company’s arrangements
                  arrangements often
                                  often include
                                         include a
                                                 a mix
                                                    mix of
                                                        of the
                                                           the services
                                                                services and
                                                                         and products
                                                                              products as
                                                                                        as described
                                                                                            described below.
                                                                                                       below. If
                                                                                                               If an
                                                                                                                  an arrangement
                                                                                                                     arrangement involves
                                                                                                                                    involves
the provision
the provision of
               of multiple
                  multiple performance
                           performance obligations,
                                          obligations, the
                                                       the total
                                                            total arrangement
                                                                  arrangement value
                                                                                value is
                                                                                      is allocated
                                                                                         allocated to
                                                                                                    to each
                                                                                                       each performance
                                                                                                             performance obligations
                                                                                                                           obligations
based
based on
       on its
          its relative
              relative stand-alone
                       stand-alone selling
                                    selling price.
                                             price. When
                                                    When estimating
                                                           estimating the
                                                                       the stand-alone
                                                                           stand-alone selling
                                                                                         selling price
                                                                                                 price of
                                                                                                       of each
                                                                                                          each performance
                                                                                                                performance obligations,
                                                                                                                              obligations,
the
the Company
    Company maximizes
               maximizes thethe use
                                use of
                                     of observable
                                        observable prices
                                                     prices which
                                                             which are
                                                                    are established
                                                                        established using
                                                                                    using the
                                                                                            the Company’s
                                                                                                Company’s prices
                                                                                                             prices for
                                                                                                                     for same
                                                                                                                         same or
                                                                                                                              or similar
                                                                                                                                  similar
deliverables.
deliverables. When
               When observable
                      observable prices
                                  prices are
                                           are not
                                               not available,
                                                   available, the
                                                               the Company
                                                                   Company estimates
                                                                              estimates stand-alone
                                                                                         stand-alone selling
                                                                                                       selling prices
                                                                                                               prices based
                                                                                                                       based on
                                                                                                                             on its
                                                                                                                                 its best
                                                                                                                                     best
estimate.
estimate.




CGI Inc.
CGI Inc. –
         – Consolidated
           Consolidated Financial
                        Financial Statements
                                  Statements for
                                             for the
                                                 the years
                                                     years ended
                                                           ended September
                                                                 September 30,
                                                                           30, 2023
                                                                               2023 and
                                                                                    and 2022
                                                                                        2022                                                                              12
                                                                                                                                                                          24
                                                                                                                                                                          12
80 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary
         Summaryofofmaterial
                     materialaccounting
                              accountingpolicies
                                         policies(continued)
                                                  (continued)

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
REVENUE RECOGNITION, WORK
                  (CONTINUED)
                          IN PROGRESS AND DEFERRED REVENUE (CONTINUED)
Relative
The         stand-alone
       actuarial  valuationselling
                              used toprice  (continued)
                                       determine     the cost of defined benefit pension plans and their present value involve making
assumptions such as discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality. Any changes in
The best estimate of the stand-alone selling price is the price at which the Company would normally expect to offer the
assumptions will impact the carrying amount of pension obligations. In determining the appropriate discount rate, management
services or products and is established by considering a number of internal and external factors including, but not limited to,
considers the interest rates of high quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be
geographies, the Company’s pricing policies, internal costs and margins. Additionally, in certain circumstances, the Company
paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related pension liability.
may apply the residual approach when estimating the stand-alone selling price of software license products, for which the
Company
The    current
             hasservice
                    not yet
                         cost is
                            established
                                 recognized
                                         the in
                                              price
                                                  theor has
                                                        consolidated
                                                             not previously
                                                                      statements
                                                                             sold of
                                                                                   on aearnings
                                                                                         stand-alone
                                                                                                   underbasis.
                                                                                                          costs of services, selling and
administrative. The net interest cost calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liabilities or assets is
As an incentive, upon client contract signature, the Company may provide discounts. These incentives are considered in the
recognized as net finance cost or income. When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting
allocation of the relative stand-alone selling price of the performance obligations. The revenue recognized on the discounted
change in benefits that relates to past services or the gains or losses on curtailment is recognized immediately in the
performance obligations in excess of their corresponding invoice is accounted for as a discount incentives in accounts
consolidated statements of earnings. The gains or losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan are recognized when the
receivable.
settlement occurs.
The appropriate revenue recognition method is applied for each performance obligation as described below.
Remeasurements on defined benefit plans include actuarial gains and losses, changes in the effect of the asset ceiling and the
return
Managed  on IT
             planandassets, excluding
                       business        the amount
                                  process    services  included in net interest on the net defined liabilities or assets. Remeasurements
are charged or credited to other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.
Revenue from managed IT and business process services arrangements is generally recognized over time as the services are
provided at the contractual billings, which corresponds with the value provided to the client, unless there is a better measure of
ADOPTION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARD
performance or delivery.
The following standard amendments have been adopted by the Company on October 1, 2022:
Business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services
Onerous contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract - Amendments to IAS 37
Revenue from business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services under time and material arrangements is
In May
recognized2020,   thetime
               over    IASBas the
                             amended    IAS 37
                                   services      Provisions,and
                                             are rendered,     Contingent   Liabilities and
                                                                   revenue under              Contingent
                                                                                      cost-based                     The
                                                                                                            Assets. is
                                                                                                    arrangements          standard over
                                                                                                                       recognized   amendments
                                                                                                                                         time as
clarify  that for costs
reimbursable       assessing   whether a
                         are incurred.     contract isbillings
                                        Contractual      onerous,
                                                                of the
                                                                  suchcost of  fulfilling the
                                                                        arrangements           contract with
                                                                                          correspond     includes  both the
                                                                                                              the value      incremental
                                                                                                                         provided  to the cost
                                                                                                                                          client,of
fulfilling
and        that contract
       therefore   revenuesandare
                               angenerally
                                   allocation of   other costs
                                             recognized     whenthat relates directly
                                                                   amounts   becometo     fulfilling the contract.
                                                                                        billable.
The  implementation
Revenue             of these
          from business      standardIT
                         and strategic amendments   resulted
                                        consulting and       in no
                                                       systems     significantservices
                                                                 integration   impact on the fixed-fee
                                                                                       under Company's    consolidatedisfinancial
                                                                                                       arrangements
statements.
recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over time, as the Company has no alternative use for the asset
created and has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. The Company primarily uses labour costs
The
to   following
   measure     thestandard    amendments
                     progress towards          have been
                                          completion.         adopted
                                                           This   method byrelies
                                                                             the on
                                                                                  Company     on of
                                                                                       estimates  Maytotal
                                                                                                       23, 2023:
                                                                                                             expected labour costs, which are
compared     to  labour   costs  incurred   to date,    to arrive  at an
International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12  estimate   of the  progress   to  completion    which determines the
percentage of revenue earned to date. Factors considered in the estimates include: changes in scope of the contracts, delays
On May
in        23, 2023,
   reaching             the IASB
              milestones,           issued in
                              complexities   standard     amendments to
                                                  project delivery,            IAS 12
                                                                       availability    Income
                                                                                     and  retention  of to
                                                                                                 Taxes,       address
                                                                                                         qualified  IT the   Pillar Twoand/or
                                                                                                                       professionals       model the
                                                                                                                                                   rules  for
                                                                                                                                                       ability
domestic
of the     implementation
       subcontractors      to of    a 15%
                               perform       global
                                         their       minimum
                                                obligation         tax. The
                                                              within          standard
                                                                      agreed upon        amendments
                                                                                      budget              introduce a
                                                                                               and timeframes.          temporary regularly
                                                                                                                    Management         recognitionreviews
underlyinginestimates
exception       relation tof total
                              accounting    andlabour
                                     expected     disclosure
                                                           costs.for deferred taxes, which was immediately applied, arising from the
implementation of the international tax reform. Remaining target disclosure requirements for affected entities such as current
Software
tax expense licenses
                (income) and   Software-as-a-Service
                            related   to Pillar Two income     (SaaS)
                                                                  taxes, as well as, qualitative and quantitative information about an entity’s
CGI offers its intellectual property (IP) solutions as well asas
exposure    to  Pillar Two   income    taxes   will only   be  effective      for party
                                                                           third  the interim  reporting
                                                                                        solutions  in the period
                                                                                                            form ofending
                                                                                                                     softwareMarch     31, arrangements.
                                                                                                                                 license   2024.
Most  of these arrangements
At September                         include other
                   30, 2023, the application          services
                                                   of the          such as implementation,
                                                            new standard     amendments had     customization
                                                                                                   no impact onand  the maintenance.       For these types
                                                                                                                        Company's consolidated
of arrangements,
financial statements.  revenue    from  a software     license,    when  identified  as  a performance      obligation,  is recognized     at a point in time
upon delivery. Otherwise when the software is significantly customized, integrated or modified, it is combined with the
implementation and customization services and is accounted for as described in the business and strategic IT consulting and
The following standard amendments have been early adopted and applied retrospectively by the Company for the year ended
systems integration services section above. Revenue from maintenance services for software licenses sold is recognized
September 30, 2023:
straight-line over the term of the maintenance period.
Disclosure of Accounting Policy Information – Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2
CGI also provides its IP solutions in the form of SaaS where the customer cannot terminate the hosting contract and take
In February of
possession     2021,    the IASBwithout
                   the software     amended     IAS 1 Presentation
                                             significant   penalty. SaaS  of Financial
                                                                              are part ofStatements
                                                                                           the managed andITIFRS
                                                                                                               and Practice
                                                                                                                    businessStatement         2 Making
                                                                                                                                 process services      offering
Materiality  Judgements       to  require  the  Company       to  disclose  its material  accounting    policies  rather   than
where revenue is generally recognized over time as the services are provided. Transition activities to bring clients to the SaaS  its significant
accountingincluding
platforms,    policies. hosting set-up and customization, that are not considered distinct performance obligations are capitalized
as transition costs and amortized over the service period.
The implementation of these standard amendments resulted in no significant impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                23
                                                                                                                                                            13
                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 81

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary
         Summaryofofmaterial
                     materialaccounting
                              accountingpolicies
                                         policies(continued)
                                                  (continued)
REVENUE
FUTURE  RECOGNITION,
       ACCOUNTING    WORK IN CHANGES
                  STANDARD   PROGRESS AND DEFERRED REVENUE (CONTINUED)
Work in
The      progress
    following      and deferred
              standard          revenue
                       amendments  are ffective as of October 1, 2023:
Amounts
Definitionrecognized   as revenue
            of Accounting          in excess
                             Estimates        of billings are
                                        – Amendments        toclassified
                                                                IAS 8    as work in progress. Amounts received in advance of the
performance of services or delivery of products are classified as deferred revenue. Work in progress and deferred revenue are
In Februarynet
presented     2021,
                on athe IASB amended
                     contract           IAS
                              by-contract    8 Accounting
                                           basis. During thePolicies,  Changes
                                                                year ended      in Accounting
                                                                           September           estimates
                                                                                       30, 2023,          and Errors
                                                                                                 the revenues        to introduce
                                                                                                               recognized         a
                                                                                                                            from the
definition of accounting  estimates and  to help  entities distinguish changes in  accounting policies from changes
short-term deferred revenue was not significantly different than what was presented as at September 30, 2022.        in accounting
estimates. This distinction is important because changes in accounting policies must be applied retrospectively while changes
in accounting
CASH           estimates
        AND CASH          are accounted for prospectively.
                     EQUIVALENTS
Deferred
Cash and Tax
          cashrelated to Assets
                equivalents      and
                            consist of Liabilities
                                       unrestrictedarising from
                                                    cash and    a Singleinvestments
                                                              short-term Transactionhaving
                                                                                     – Amendments     tothree
                                                                                           a maturity of IAS 12
                                                                                                              months or less
from the date of purchase.
In May 2021, the IASB amended IAS 12 Income Taxes, to narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption so that it does
not apply to transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences.
SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS
The implementation of these standard amendments will result in no impact on the Company's consolidated financial
Short-term investments, comprise generally of term deposits, have remaining maturities over three months, but not more than
statements.
one year, at the date of purchase.
The following standard amendments have been issued and will be effective as of October 1, 2024 for the Company, with
FUNDS HELD FOR CLIENTS AND CLIENTS’ FUNDS OBLIGATIONS
earlier application permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these standard amendments on its
In connectionfinancial
consolidated     with the statements.
                          Company’s payroll, tax filing and claims services, the Company collects funds for payment of payroll,
taxes and claims, temporarily holds such funds until payment is due, remits the funds to the clients’ employees, appropriate tax
Classification
authorities        of Liabilities
             or claims               as tax
                         holders, files   Current
                                             returnsorandNon-current
                                                            handles relatedandregulatory
                                                                                 Information       about long-term
                                                                                            correspondence                debt with The
                                                                                                                 and amendments.       covenants
                                                                                                                                            funds –
Amendments        to IAS  1
held for clients include cash, short-term investments and long-term bonds. The Company presents the funds held for clients
and
In   related2020,
   January    obligations   separately.
                     the IASB   amended  Funds
                                            IAS 1held for   clients of
                                                   Presentation     are  classified as
                                                                       Financial        current assets
                                                                                  Statements,              since,
                                                                                                  clarifying       based upon
                                                                                                              that the            management’s
                                                                                                                        classification of liabilities as
expectations,
current          these funds
         or non-current        are held
                          is based   on solely
                                         existingfor the at
                                                   rights  purpose
                                                              the nd of of the
                                                                        satisfying  the clients’
                                                                               reporting   period,funds  obligations,
                                                                                                    independent         whetherwill
                                                                                                                     of which    thebe repaid
                                                                                                                                      Company   within
                                                                                                                                                   will
one  year its
exercise   of the  consolidated
              right to defer      balanceof a
                              settlement     sheet  date. The
                                                liability.      market in
                                                           Subsequently, fluctuations
                                                                               Octoberaffect
                                                                                         2022,thethefair value of
                                                                                                      IASB          the long-term
                                                                                                             introduced             bonds.
                                                                                                                           additional        Due to
                                                                                                                                      amendments
those
to     fluctuations,
   IAS 1,  emphasizing funds held for
                           that        clients
                                covenants    formight   not equal
                                                 long-term    debt,to the  clients'
                                                                    regardless      funds the
                                                                                  whether  obligations.
                                                                                                 covenants were compliant after the reporting
date, should
Interest      notearned
         income   affect debt
                          and classification;
                              realized gainsinstead,  companies
                                               and losses         are required
                                                          on the disposal      to disclose
                                                                          of short-term    information
                                                                                        investments    about
                                                                                                     and     these covenants
                                                                                                         long-term bonds are in
the notes  accompanying    their financial statements.
recorded in revenue in the period that the income is earned, as the collecting, holding and remitting of these funds are critical
components
Supplier      of providing
           finance         these -
                    arrangements   services.
                                       Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7
In May 2023, PLANT
PROPERTY,       the IASBAND  amended   IAS 7 Statement
                                 EQUIPMENT      (PP&E) of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to introduce
new disclosure requirements to enhance the transparency on supplier finance arrangements and their impact on the
PP&E    are recorded
Company’s    liabilities,atcash
                            cost flows
                                 and are
                                       anddepreciated  over their
                                           liquidity exposure. Theestimated useful lives
                                                                    new disclosure       using the will
                                                                                     requirements  straight-line method. such as
                                                                                                        include information
terms   and conditions, the carrying amount of liabilities, the range of payment due dates, non-cash changes and liquidity
 Buildings
                                                                                                                                   risk
                                                                                                                            10 to 40 years
information around supplier finance arrangements.
Leasehold improvements                                                                                         Lesser of the useful life or lease term
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                                                        3 to 20 years
Computer equipment                                                                                                                        3 to 5 years


LEASES
When the Company enters into contractual agreements with suppliers, an assessment is performed to determine if the
contract contains a lease. The Company identified lease agreements under the following categories: Properties, Motor
vehicles and others as well as Computer equipment.
The Company identifies a lease if it conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a specific period in exchange
for a determined consideration. At inception, a right-of-use asset for the underlying asset and corresponding lease liability are
presented in the consolidated balance sheet measured on a present value basis except for short-term leases (expected term
of 12 months or less) and leases with low value underlying asset for which payments are recorded as an expense on a
straight-line basis over the lease term.
The right-of-use assets are measured at initial lease liabilities adjusted by lease payments made before the commencement
date, indirect costs and cash incentives received. The right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the
expected lease term of the underlying asset.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                         14
                                                                                                                                                     24
82 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.       Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

LEASES (CONTINUED)
Lease liabilities are measured at present value of non-cancellable payments of the expected lease term, which are mostly
made of fixed payments of rent; variable payments that are based on an index or a rate; amounts expected to be payable as
residual value guarantees and extension or termination option if reasonably certain to be exercised. Non-lease components,
mostly made of fixed maintenance fees and property tax are excluded from the lease liabilities. Payments are recorded as an
expense over the lease term as part of property costs.
The Company estimates the lease term in order to calculate the value of the lease liability at the initial date of the lease.
Management uses judgement to determine the appropriate lease term based on the conditions of each lease. The Company
considers all facts that create incentive to exercise an extension option or not to take a termination option including leasehold
improvements, significant modification of the underlying asset or a business decision. The extension or termination options are
only included in the lease term if it is reasonably certain of being exercised.
Discount rate used in the present value calculation is the incremental borrowing rate unless the implicit interest rate in the
lease can be readily determined. The Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate for each lease or portfolio of leased
assets, as most of the implicit interest rates in the leases are not readily determinable. To calculate the incremental borrowing
rate, the Company considers its creditworthiness, the term of the arrangement, any collateral received and the economic
environment at the lease date.
The lease liabilities are subsequently adjusted by interest which is recorded as part of net finance costs as well as from lease
payments made.
Futhermore, lease liabilities are remeasured (along with the corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use asset), whenever the
following situations occur:
     –     a modification in the lease term or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase or terminate the lease, for
           which the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate; and
     –     a modification in the residual guarantees or in future lease payments due to a change of an index or rate tied to the
           payments, for which the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial
           discount rate determined when setting up the liability.
In addition, upon partial or full termination of a lease, the difference between the carrying amounts of the lease liability and the
right-of-use asset is recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings.

CONTRACT COSTS
Contract costs are comprised primarily of transition costs incurred to implement long-term managed IT and business process
services contracts, including SaaS, as well as incentives.

Transition costs
Transition costs consist mostly of costs associated with the installation of systems and processes, conversion of the client’s
applications to the Company’s platforms incurred after the award of managed IT and business process services contracts,
including SaaS. Transition costs are comprised essentially of labour costs consisting of employee compensation and related
fringe benefits. Labour costs also include subcontractor costs.

Incentives
Occasionally, incentives are granted to clients upon the signing of managed IT and business process services contracts.
These incentives are granted in the form of cash payments.

Amortization of contract costs
Contract costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the period services are provided. Amortization of transition
costs is included in costs of services, selling and administrative and amortization of incentives is recorded as a reduction of
revenue.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                       15
                                                                                                                      FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 83

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For
For the
    the years
         years ended
               ended September
                     September 30,30, 2023
                                      2023 and
                                            and 2022
                                                2022
(tabular
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian
         amounts  only are in thousands  of Canadian dollars,
                                                     dollars, except
                                                              except per
                                                                     per share
                                                                         share data)
                                                                               data)


3.
3.      Summary
        Summary of
                of material
                   material accounting
                            accounting policies
                                       policies (continued)
                                                (continued)
CONTRACT
CONTRACT COSTS
         COSTS (CONTINUED)
               (CONTINUED)

Impairment of
Impairment    of contract
                 contract costs
                             costs
When
When a contract is not expected to
       a contract  is not expected      to be
                                           be profitable,
                                                profitable, the
                                                             the estimated
                                                                  estimated loss
                                                                              loss is
                                                                                   is first
                                                                                      first applied
                                                                                             applied to
                                                                                                      to impair
                                                                                                         impair the
                                                                                                                the related
                                                                                                                     related capitalized
                                                                                                                             capitalized contract
                                                                                                                                         contract
costs. The  excess   of the  expected     loss   over  the capitalized    contract  costs   is  recorded  as onerous
costs. The excess of the expected loss over the capitalized contract costs is recorded as onerous revenue-generating   revenue-generating
contracts
contracts in
          in provisions.
              provisions. If
                           If at
                              at a
                                 a future
                                    future date
                                            date the
                                                   the contract
                                                        contract returns
                                                                   returns to
                                                                            to profitability,
                                                                               profitability, the
                                                                                               the estimated
                                                                                                   estimated losses
                                                                                                              losses onon revenue-generating
                                                                                                                          revenue-generating
contracts
contracts must be reversed first, and if there is still additional projected profitability then any capitalized contract
          must   be  reversed    first, and  if there  is still additional  projected   profitability then  any  capitalized contract costs
                                                                                                                                      costs that
                                                                                                                                            that
were
were impaired must be reversed. The reversal of the impairment loss is limited so that the carrying amount does not
     impaired   must   be  reversed.     The   reversal   of the  impairment    loss is limited   so that the carrying   amount does   not exceed
                                                                                                                                           exceed its
                                                                                                                                                  its
recoverable
recoverable amount,
              amount, nor
                        nor exceed
                             exceed the the carrying
                                             carrying amount
                                                        amount thatthat would
                                                                        would have
                                                                                have been
                                                                                      been determined,
                                                                                               determined, net
                                                                                                             net of
                                                                                                                 of amortization,
                                                                                                                    amortization, had
                                                                                                                                  had no
                                                                                                                                       no
impairment
impairment loss
             loss been
                  been recognized
                         recognized for  for the
                                             the contract
                                                  contract costs
                                                              costs in
                                                                     in prior
                                                                        prior years.
                                                                              years.

INTANGIBLE
INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           ASSETS
Intangible
Intangible assets
             assets consist
                     consist of
                              of software,
                                  software, business
                                            business solutions
                                                        solutions and
                                                                    and client
                                                                         client relationships.
                                                                                relationships. Software
                                                                                                  Software and
                                                                                                             and business
                                                                                                                    business solutions
                                                                                                                               solutions are
                                                                                                                                           are
recorded
recorded at cost. Software internally developed is capitalized when it meets specific capitalization criteria related
            at cost. Software   internally developed     is capitalized  when   it meets    specific  capitalization   criteria related to
                                                                                                                                         to technical
                                                                                                                                             technical
and
and financial
     financial feasibility
                feasibility and
                            and when
                                  when the
                                        the Company
                                            Company demonstrates
                                                         demonstrates its its ability
                                                                              ability and
                                                                                       and intention
                                                                                           intention toto use
                                                                                                          use it.
                                                                                                               it. Business
                                                                                                                   Business solutions
                                                                                                                              solutions developed
                                                                                                                                          developed
internally
internally and
            and marketed
                 marketed areare capitalized
                                  capitalized when
                                               when they
                                                     they meet
                                                            meet specific
                                                                   specific capitalization
                                                                             capitalization criteria
                                                                                              criteria related
                                                                                                       related toto technical,
                                                                                                                    technical, market
                                                                                                                                market and
                                                                                                                                         and financial
                                                                                                                                                financial
feasibility.
feasibility. Software, business solutions and client relationships acquired through business combinations are initially recorded
             Software,  business    solutions  and  client  relationships   acquired    through   business   combinations      are initially  recorded
at
at their
   their fair
         fair value
              value based
                     based onon the
                                 the present
                                     present value
                                               value of
                                                     of expected
                                                         expected future
                                                                     future cash
                                                                             cash flows,
                                                                                    flows, which
                                                                                           which involves
                                                                                                   involves estimates,
                                                                                                              estimates, such
                                                                                                                            such as
                                                                                                                                  as the
                                                                                                                                      the forecasting
                                                                                                                                           forecasting
of
of future
   future cash
           cash flows
                 flows and
                        and discount
                             discount rates.
                                        rates.
Amortization
Amortization of
             of intangible
                intangible assets
                           assets
The
The Company
    Company amortizes
            amortizes its
                      its intangible
                          intangible assets
                                     assets using
                                            using the
                                                  the straight-line
                                                      straight-line method
                                                                    method over
                                                                           over their
                                                                                their estimated
                                                                                      estimated useful
                                                                                                useful lives.
                                                                                                       lives.
Software
Software                                                                                                                                    1
                                                                                                                                            1 to
                                                                                                                                              to 8
                                                                                                                                                 8 years
                                                                                                                                                   years
Business
Business solutions
           solutions                                                                                                                       3
                                                                                                                                           3 to 10 years
                                                                                                                                             to 10 years
Client relationships
Client relationships                                                                                                                        5
                                                                                                                                            5 to
                                                                                                                                              to 7
                                                                                                                                                 7 years
                                                                                                                                                   years


IMPAIRMENT
IMPAIRMENT OF
           OF PP&E,
              PP&E, RIGHT-OF-USE
                    RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS,
                                 ASSETS, INTANGIBLE
                                         INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                    ASSETS AND
                                                           AND GOODWILL
                                                               GOODWILL
Timing of
Timing   of impairment
             impairment testing
                          testing
The
The carrying    values of
     carrying values   of PP&E,
                          PP&E, right-of-use
                                 right-of-use assets,
                                                assets, intangible
                                                        intangible assets
                                                                   assets and
                                                                            and goodwill
                                                                                 goodwill are
                                                                                          are reviewed
                                                                                              reviewed for
                                                                                                        for impairment
                                                                                                            impairment when
                                                                                                                         when events
                                                                                                                               events or
                                                                                                                                       or
changes
changes in in circumstances
              circumstances indicate
                             indicate that
                                       that the
                                            the carrying
                                                 carrying value
                                                          value may
                                                                may be be impaired.
                                                                          impaired. The
                                                                                     The Company
                                                                                          Company assesses
                                                                                                    assesses atat each
                                                                                                                  each reporting
                                                                                                                        reporting date
                                                                                                                                  date
whether
whether any
          any such
                such events
                     events or
                            or changes
                               changes in in circumstances
                                             circumstances exist.
                                                             exist. The
                                                                    The carrying
                                                                         carrying values
                                                                                   values of
                                                                                          of intangible
                                                                                             intangible assets
                                                                                                        assets not
                                                                                                                not available
                                                                                                                    available for
                                                                                                                              for use
                                                                                                                                  use are
                                                                                                                                      are
tested
tested for impairment annually as at September 30. Goodwill is also tested for impairment annually during the fourth quarter of
        for impairment  annually  as at  September    30. Goodwill  is also  tested for impairment  annually  during the fourth quarter of
each
each fiscal
      fiscal year.
              year.
Impairment testing
Impairment testing
If
If any
   any indication
       indication of
                   of impairment
                       impairment exists
                                     exists or
                                             or when
                                                when annual
                                                       annual impairment
                                                               impairment testing
                                                                              testing for
                                                                                      for an
                                                                                          an asset
                                                                                              asset is
                                                                                                     is required,
                                                                                                        required, the
                                                                                                                    the Company
                                                                                                                         Company estimates
                                                                                                                                        estimates thethe
recoverable
recoverable amount of the asset or cash-generating unit (CGU) to which the asset relates to determine the extent of
               amount    of the asset   or  cash-generating   unit (CGU)     to which  the asset   relates  to determine      the  extent   of any
                                                                                                                                                any
impairment
impairment loss.
              loss. The
                    The recoverable
                          recoverable amount
                                          amount is
                                                  is the
                                                     the higher
                                                          higher of
                                                                  of an
                                                                     an asset’s   or CGU’s
                                                                         asset’s or  CGU’s fair
                                                                                             fair value
                                                                                                  value less
                                                                                                          less costs
                                                                                                               costs ofof disposal
                                                                                                                           disposal andand its
                                                                                                                                             its value
                                                                                                                                                 value in
                                                                                                                                                       in
use  (VIU)  to the Company.     The   Company     mainly   uses  the  VIU.  In  assessing  the  VIU,  estimated
use (VIU) to the Company. The Company mainly uses the VIU. In assessing the VIU, estimated future cash flows are   future   cash    flows  are
discounted
discounted to to their
                 their present
                        present value
                                 value using
                                         using a
                                               a discount
                                                 discount rate
                                                            rate that
                                                                 that reflects
                                                                       reflects current
                                                                                 current market
                                                                                         market assessments
                                                                                                  assessments of    of the
                                                                                                                       the time
                                                                                                                            time value
                                                                                                                                   value ofof money
                                                                                                                                               money
and
and the
     the risks
         risks specific
                specific to
                          to the
                             the asset
                                  asset oror CGU.
                                             CGU. In
                                                   In determining
                                                       determining fair
                                                                     fair value
                                                                          value less
                                                                                 less costs
                                                                                      costs of
                                                                                             of disposal,
                                                                                                disposal, recent
                                                                                                            recent market
                                                                                                                     market transactions
                                                                                                                                transactions are are
taken
taken into
       into account,
            account, ifif available.
                          available. If
                                      If the
                                         the recoverable
                                             recoverable amount
                                                           amount of of an
                                                                        an asset
                                                                            asset or
                                                                                   or a
                                                                                      a CGU
                                                                                         CGU isis estimated
                                                                                                  estimated to to be
                                                                                                                  be less
                                                                                                                      less than
                                                                                                                             than its
                                                                                                                                    its carrying
                                                                                                                                        carrying
amount,
amount, the
          the carrying
               carrying amount
                          amount isis reduced
                                      reduced toto its
                                                   its recoverable
                                                       recoverable amount.
                                                                      amount. An An impairment
                                                                                    impairment loss
                                                                                                  loss is
                                                                                                        is recognized
                                                                                                           recognized immediately
                                                                                                                          immediately in   in the
                                                                                                                                               the
consolidated
consolidated statements
                statements of of earnings.
                                 earnings.




CGI
CGI Inc.
    Inc. –
         – Consolidated
           Consolidated Financial
                        Financial Statements
                                  Statements for
                                             for the
                                                 the years
                                                     years ended
                                                           ended September
                                                                 September 30,
                                                                           30, 2023
                                                                               2023 and
                                                                                    and 2022
                                                                                        2022                                                            16
                                                                                                                                                        16
84 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary
         Summaryofofmaterial
                     materialaccounting
                              accountingpolicies
                                         policies(continued)
                                                  (continued)

IMPAIRMENT OF
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
              PP&E,(CONTINUED)
                    RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS, INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
The actuarial valuations used to determine the cost of defined benefit pension plans and their present value involve making
Impairment
assumptions testing
               such as(continued)
                         discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality. Any changes in
assumptions    will impact
Goodwill acquired through   thebusiness
                                carrying combinations
                                          amount of pension    obligations.
                                                        is allocated to the In determining
                                                                             CGU   or group the   appropriate
                                                                                            of CGUs               discount
                                                                                                           that are        rate,
                                                                                                                    expected   to management
                                                                                                                                  benefit from
            the force
considerswork
acquired        interest rates of
                       and         high of
                             synergies  quality corporate
                                           the related     bonds that
                                                       business        are  denominated
                                                                 combination.    The groupinofthe  currency
                                                                                                CGUs      that in whichfrom
                                                                                                               benefit       benefits
                                                                                                                         the the      will be
                                                                                                                                 acquired
paid, and
work  forcethat
             andhave  terms to
                  synergies      maturity to the
                              correspond   approximating  the terms
                                                  Company’s          of the
                                                               operating     related For
                                                                         segments.   pension   liability.
                                                                                          goodwill    impairment testing purposes, the
group of CGUs
The current     that cost
             service represents  the lowest
                          is recognized     level
                                        in he     within the Company
                                               consolidated           atof
                                                             statements  which  management
                                                                           earnings           monitors
                                                                                     under costs       goodwill
                                                                                                 of services,       is theand
                                                                                                               selling     operating
segment  level.
administrative. The net interest cost calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liabilities or assets is
recognized  as netamount
The recoverable     financeofcost
                               eachoroperating
                                      income. When    the has
                                                segment   benefits
                                                               beenofdetermined
                                                                       a plan are based
                                                                                   changedonor  when
                                                                                              the VIU a plan is curtailed,
                                                                                                      calculation           the resulting
                                                                                                                   which includes
change  in benefits  that relates to past  services or the gains  or losses   on curtailment is recognized   immediately
estimates about their future financial performance based on cash flows approved by management covering a period            in theof five
consolidated
years.       statements of
       Key assumptions         earnings.
                           used in        The gains
                                    the VIU          or losses
                                             calculations       on the
                                                           are the      settlement
                                                                   pre-tax          of a
                                                                             discount    defined
                                                                                      rate appliedbenefit
                                                                                                    and heplan are recognized
                                                                                                             long-term           whenofthe
                                                                                                                        growth rate      net
settlementcash
operating  occurs.
                flows. In determining these assumptions, management has taken into consideration the current economic
environment  and its
Remeasurements     onresulting
                       defined impact
                                benefit on expected
                                        plans includegrowth   andgains
                                                      actuarial   discount rates. The
                                                                       and losses,    cash flow
                                                                                   changes       projections
                                                                                            in the            reflect
                                                                                                   effect of the      management’s
                                                                                                                  asset ceiling and the
expectations of the operating   segment's  operating  performance    and growth prospects in  the operating  segment’s   market. The
return on plan assets, excluding the amount included in net interest on the net defined liabilities or assets. Remeasurements
pre-tax discount rate  applied to an operating  segment   is derived from the weighted average
are charged or credited to other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.          cost of capital (WACC).
Management considers factors such as country risk premium, risk-free rate, size premium and cost of debt to derive the
WACC.
ADOPTIONImpairment   losses relating
             OF ACCOUNTING           to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods.
                                  STANDARD
For
The impaired
       followingassets,
                  standardother  than goodwill,
                             amendments      havean  assessment
                                                    been  adopted by is made   at each reporting
                                                                        the Company      on October  date
                                                                                                        1, as to whether there is any indication
                                                                                                           2022:
that previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the
Onerous
Company contracts         – Cost
              estimates the        of Fulfilling
                              recoverable         a Contract
                                             amount            - Amendments
                                                      of the asset.   A previouslytorecognized
                                                                                      IAS 37        impairment loss is reversed only if there has
been     a change   in the assumptions     used  to determine    the  recoverable   amount
In May 2020, the IASB amended IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent        of  the assetAssets.
                                                                                                             since the last
                                                                                                                     The    impairment
                                                                                                                         standard       loss was
                                                                                                                                   amendments
clarify that for assessing whether a contract is onerous, the cost of fulfilling the contract includes both the incrementalnor
recognized.      The  reversal is limited so  that the carrying   amount   of the  asset  does    not exceed   its recoverable amount,    cost of
exceed the
fulfilling  thatcarrying
                 contractamount
                           and an that   would of
                                    allocation  have  been
                                                  other     determined,
                                                         costs  that relatesnet of amortization,
                                                                              directly to fulfilling had no impairment loss been recognized
                                                                                                     the contract.
for the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
The implementation of these standard amendments resulted in no significant impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.
LONG-TERM FINANCIAL ASSETS
Long-term
The         financial
     following        assets
               standard      are comprised
                         amendments   havemainly of long-term
                                           been adopted        investments
                                                          by the Company onbonds
                                                                             Maywhich are presented as long-term based on
                                                                                 23, 2023:
management’s intentions.
International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12
BUSINESS
On  May 23, COMBINATIONS
              2023, the IASB issued standard amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes, to address the Pillar Two model rules for
The   Company
domestic          accounts for
           implementation        its15%
                               of a  business   combinations
                                           global minimum      tax.using
                                                                    The the   acquisition
                                                                          standard          method. Under
                                                                                     amendments              thisa method,
                                                                                                     introduce     temporary therecognition
                                                                                                                                  consideration
transferredinisrelation
exception       measured to at fair  value.
                             accounting       Acquisition-related
                                          and disclosure             and taxes,
                                                             for deferred  integration  costs
                                                                                    which    wasassociated  with the
                                                                                                  immediately         business
                                                                                                               applied,          combination
                                                                                                                          arising from   the    are
expensed    as incurred
implementation     of the or  when a present
                           international          legal or
                                           tax reform.     constructive
                                                        Remaining           obligation
                                                                       target           exists.
                                                                               disclosure        The Company
                                                                                            requirements         recognizes
                                                                                                           for affected        goodwill
                                                                                                                          entities such as the
                                                                                                                                             current
excess
tax     of the cost
    expense    (income)of the  acquisition
                           related  to Pillarover
                                              Twothe   net taxes,
                                                    income identifiable   tangible
                                                                      as well  as, and   intangible
                                                                                    qualitative  and assets  acquired
                                                                                                     quantitative        and liabilities
                                                                                                                    information              entity’sat
                                                                                                                                         assumed
                                                                                                                                  about an
their acquisition-date
exposure to    Pillar Twofair  values.
                            income      Thewill
                                     taxes    goodwill
                                                 only berecognized
                                                           effective asis for the
                                                                          composed     of the
                                                                                  interim      future period
                                                                                            reporting economic    valueMarch
                                                                                                              ending     associated    to acquired
                                                                                                                                31, 2024.
work force and synergies with the Company’s operations which are primarily due to reduction of costs and new business
At September 30, 2023, the application of the new standard amendments had no impact on the Company's consolidated
opportunities. Management makes assumptions when determining the acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible
financial statements.
and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed which involve estimates, such as the forecasting of future cash flows,
discount rates and the useful lives of the assets acquired. Subsequent changes in fair values are recorded as part of the
The following standard amendments have been early adopted and applied retrospectively by the Company for the year ended
purchase price allocation and therefore result in corresponding goodwill adjustments if they qualify as measurement period
September 30, 2023:
adjustments. The measurement period is the period between the date of acquisition and the date where all significant
information
Disclosure ofnecessary
                  Accountingto determine
                                  Policy the fair    values
                                           Information    – is   available, nottotoIAS 1
                                                             Amendments              exceedand12IFRS
                                                                                                   months. All other
                                                                                                       Practice       subsequent
                                                                                                                  Statement     2 changes in
judgements and estimates are recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
In February 2021, the IASB amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making
Materiality Judgements to require the Company to disclose its material accounting policies rather than its significant
accounting policies.
The implementation of these standard amendments resulted in no significant impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                         23
                                                                                                                                                     17
                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 85

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary
         Summaryofofmaterial
                     materialaccounting
                              accountingpolicies
                                         policies(continued)
                                                  (continued)

EARNINGS PER
FUTURE ACCOUNTING
             SHARESTANDARD CHANGES
Basicfollowing
The    earnings per
               standard
                     share is
                          amendments
                               based onare
                                        theeffective
                                             weightedas of
                                                       average
                                                            October
                                                                 number
                                                                      1, of
                                                                        2023:
                                                                            shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
per share is determined using the treasury stock method to evaluate the dilutive effect of stock options and performance share
Definition of Accounting Estimates – Amendments to IAS 8
units (PSUs).
In February 2021, the IASB amended IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting estimates and Errors to introduce a
RESEARCH
definition of AND   SOFTWARE
             accounting             DEVELOPMENT
                          estimates and to            COSTS
                                            help entities distinguish changes in accounting policies from changes in accounting
estimates.  This distinction is important because  changes
Research costs are charged to earnings in the period in which in accounting
                                                                    they are policies
                                                                             incurred,must berelated
                                                                                       net of appliedtax
                                                                                                      retrospectively while changes
                                                                                                         credits. Development  costs
in accounting  estimates   are  accounted for prospectively.
related to software and business solutions are charged to earnings in the year they are incurred, net of related tax credits,
unless they
Deferred  Taxmeet  specific
                related     capitalization
                        to Assets   and criteria   related
                                         Liabilities       to from
                                                     arising  technical, market and
                                                                   a Single         financial
                                                                             Transaction  – feasibility
                                                                                             Amendments       IAS 12in the
                                                                                                          described
                                                                                                        as to
Intangible assets section above.
In May 2021, the IASB amended IAS 12 Income Taxes, to narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption so that it does
not apply
TAX       to transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences.
     CREDITS
The Company
The  implementation
                  followsofthe
                            these standard
                               income       amendments
                                       approach to       willfor
                                                    account   result in no and
                                                                 research   impact on    the Company's
                                                                                  development             consolidated
                                                                                                 (R&D) and other        financialwhereby tax
                                                                                                                   tax credits,
statements.
credits  are recorded when there is a reasonable assurance that the assistance will be received and that the Company will
comply with all relevant conditions. Under this method, tax credits related to operating expenditures are recorded as a
The   following
reduction   of thestandard    amendments
                    related expenses   and have  been in
                                           recognized  issued    and in
                                                         the period   will be   effective
                                                                          which the        as of
                                                                                      related expenditures    2024
                                                                                                 October 1, are     for thetoCompany,
                                                                                                                 charged                with
                                                                                                                             earnings. Tax
earlier   application
credits related         permitted.
                  to capital        The are
                                         Company
                              expenditures           is as a
                                              recorded  currently   evaluating
                                                               reduction   of the the   impact
                                                                                   cost of the of    these
                                                                                               related      standard
                                                                                                       assets.        amendments
                                                                                                               The tax credits        on its
                                                                                                                                recorded
consolidated
are based on financial     statements.
                 management's     best estimates of amounts expected to be received and are subject to audit by the taxation
authorities.
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Information about long-term debt with covenants –
Amendments to IAS 1
INCOME TAXES
In January 2020, the IASB amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, clarifying that the classification of liabilities as
Income taxes are accounted for using the liability method of accounting.
current or non-current is based on existing rights at the end of the reporting period, independent of whether the Company will
Current  income
exercise its       taxes
              right to      aresettlement
                        defer    recognizedof a
                                              withliability.
                                                    respect to the      amounts
                                                             Subsequently,        expected to
                                                                              in October       bethe
                                                                                            2022,   paid or recovered
                                                                                                       IASB  introduced under  the tax rates
                                                                                                                          additional amendmentsand
laws
to IASthat
        1, have   been that
           emphasizing    enacted or    substantively
                                  covenants              enacted
                                              for long-term          at the
                                                                 debt,      balancewhether
                                                                        regardless    sheets the
                                                                                              date.covenants were compliant after the reporting
date, should not affect debt classification; instead, companies are required to disclose information about these covenants in
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on deductible or taxable temporary differences between the amounts
the notes accompanying their financial statements.
reported for consolidated financial statement purposes and tax values of the assets and liabilities using enacted or
substantively
Supplier   finance
                 enacted tax
                       arrangements
                                 rates that
                                          - will be
                                           Amendmentsin effectoforIASthe7year
                                                                          and in
                                                                               IFRS
                                                                                  which
                                                                                      7 the differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in earnings, in other comprehensive income or in equity based on the
In May 2023, the IASB amended IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to introduce
classification of the item to which they relate.
new disclosure requirements to enhance the transparency on supplier finance arrangements and their impact on the
Deferred
Company’s  tax assets
              liabilities,are recognized
                            cash  flows andfor  unused tax
                                             liquidity          losses
                                                        exposure.     Theandnew
                                                                             deductible   temporary
                                                                                 disclosure           differences
                                                                                             requirements    will to  the extent
                                                                                                                 include          that it is
                                                                                                                          information        probable
                                                                                                                                       such as
that
termstaxable
       and profit      will be
             conditions,    theavailable
                                 carrying against
                                           amount ofwhich    the losses
                                                        liabilities, the can
                                                                          rangebeofutilized.
                                                                                    payment  Once
                                                                                              due this  assessment
                                                                                                    dates, non-cash is   made, the
                                                                                                                      changes       Companyrisk
                                                                                                                                 and liquidity
considers
informationthe   analysis
              around         of forecasts
                        supplier    financeand future
                                            arrangements.tax planning strategies. Estimates of taxable profit are made based on the
forecast by jurisdiction on an undiscounted basis. In addition, management considers factors such as substantively enacted
tax rates, the history of the taxable profits and availability of tax strategies.
The Company is subject to income tax laws in numerous jurisdictions. Judgement is required in determining the worldwide
provision for income taxes as the determination of tax liabilities and assets involves uncertainties in the interpretation of
complex tax regulations and requires estimates and assumptions considering the existing facts and circumstances. The
Company provides for potential tax liabilities based on the most likely amount of the possible outcomes. Estimates are
reviewed each reporting period and updated, based on new information available, and could result in changes to the income
tax liabilities and deferred tax liabilities in the period in which such determinations are made.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                      24
                                                                                                                                                  18
86 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.       Summary
          Summaryofofmaterial
                      materialaccounting
                               accountingpolicies
                                          policies(continued)
                                                   (continued)

PROVISIONSBENEFITS (CONTINUED)
EMPLOYEE
Provisions
The  actuarial
             arevaluations
                  recognized   used
                                  when to the
                                          determine
                                               Company the has
                                                             costaofpresent     benefit
                                                                       definedlegal  or pension
                                                                                         constructiveplans and
                                                                                                         obligation theiras a
                                                                                                                           present
                                                                                                                               result of
                                                                                                                                      value a past
                                                                                                                                               involveevent,
                                                                                                                                                          making
                                                                                                                                                              it is
assumptions
probable   that an
                such as
                     outflow of
                           discountresources
                                        rates, future
                                                 embodying
                                                        salary and
                                                                economic     benefits
                                                                       pension   increases,
                                                                                       will beinflation
                                                                                                 requiredrates
                                                                                                            to settle
                                                                                                                   and the
                                                                                                                         mortality.
                                                                                                                              obligation
                                                                                                                                      Any andchangesa in
                                                                                                                                                      reliable
assumptions
estimate  can bewill made
                     impactofthethecarrying
                                      amount ofamount
                                                   the of
                                                        obligation.
                                                             pensionThe obligations.
                                                                            Company’s  In provisions
                                                                                           determining the
                                                                                                         consist of
                                                                                                                 appropriate
                                                                                                                        liabilities for
                                                                                                                                  discount
                                                                                                                                         litigation
                                                                                                                                               rate, and
                                                                                                                                                      management
                                                                                                                                                            claims
provisions the
considers    arising
                 interest
                      in the
                           rates
                               ordinary
                                    of highcourse
                                              quality
                                                    ofcorporate
                                                       business,bonds that
                                                                      decommissioning
                                                                                  are denominated
                                                                                           liabilities for
                                                                                                        in the
                                                                                                           leases of
                                                                                                                  currencyoffice
                                                                                                                               in which
                                                                                                                                  buildings,
                                                                                                                                           the benefits
                                                                                                                                                 onerous will be
revenue-generating
paid, and   that have terms
                         contracts
                                 to and
                                     maturityonerous
                                                approximating
                                                       supplier thecontracts.
                                                                        terms ofThethe
                                                                                     Company
                                                                                        related also
                                                                                                  pensionrecords
                                                                                                             liability.
                                                                                                                     severance provisions related to
specific initiatives such as cost optimization programs and the integration of its business acquisitions.
The current service cost is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings under costs of services, selling and
administrative.
The  amount Therecognized
                        net asinterest
                                   a cost
                                      provision is
                                               calculated
                                                     the bestby estimate
                                                                 applying of     discount
                                                                            thethe  consideration
                                                                                             rate to the
                                                                                                      required
                                                                                                          net to  efined
                                                                                                                      settlebenefit
                                                                                                                               the present
                                                                                                                                      liabilities or
                                                                                                                                                obligation
                                                                                                                                                       assets atisthe
recognized
end of the asreporting
                  net finance
                         period,costtaking
                                         or into
                                            income.
                                                  account
                                                      Whenthe  therisks
                                                                    benefits
                                                                         and of a
                                                                              uncertainties
                                                                                    plan are changed
                                                                                                surroundingor the
                                                                                                                when aobligation.
                                                                                                                           plan is curtailed,
                                                                                                                                     Provisionsthe    areresulting
discounted
change   in using
             benefitsa that
                        current
                              relates
                                   pre-tax
                                        to past
                                             rate when
                                                 services  the
                                                             or the
                                                               impact gains
                                                                         of the
                                                                             or time
                                                                                lossesvalue
                                                                                         on ofcurtailment
                                                                                                  money isis material.
                                                                                                                recognized  The increase
                                                                                                                                 immediately    in in
                                                                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                                                                      theprovisions
consolidated
due to the passage
                statements
                        of time of is
                                   earnings.
                                      recognizedTheas gains
                                                         finance
                                                              or losses
                                                                    costs.on the settlement of a defined benefit plan are recognized when the
settlement occurs.
The accrued litigation and legal claims provisions are based on historical experience, current trends and other assumptions
Remeasurements
that are believed toonbedefined
                             reasonable
                                      benefitunder
                                                plansthe
                                                       include
                                                          circumstances.
                                                                  actuarial gains    and losses,
                                                                              Estimates     include the
                                                                                                     changes
                                                                                                          period in in
                                                                                                                     thewhich
                                                                                                                          effecthe of the
                                                                                                                                       underlying
                                                                                                                                            asset ceiling
                                                                                                                                                       causeandof the
                                                                                                                                                                    the
return on
claim occurred
           plan and
                  assets,
                        the degree
                            excludingofthe  probability
                                               amount of an
                                                         included in
                                                                 unfavourable
                                                                        net interest
                                                                                  outcome.
                                                                                      on the net defined liabilities or assets. Remeasurements
are charged or credited to other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.
Decommissioning liabilities pertain to leases of buildings where certain arrangements require premises to be returned to their
original state at the end of the lease term. The provision is determined using the present value of the estimated future cash
ADOPTION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARD
outflows.
The following standard amendments have been adopted by the Company on October 1, 2022:
Provisions for onerous revenue-generating contracts are recorded when remaining unavoidable costs of fulfilling the contract
Onerous
exceed the  contracts
              remaining– estimated
                            Cost of Fulfilling
                                          revenue afromContract      - Amendments
                                                            the contract.    Management  to IAS   37
                                                                                               regularly  reviews arrangement profitability and the
underlying   estimates.
In May 2020, the IASB amended IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. The standard amendments
clarify  that for onerous
Provisions        assessingsupplier
                             whether a  contract
                                    contracts  areisrecorded
                                                     onerous, the
                                                               whencost
                                                                     the of fulfilling
                                                                           unavoidable thenet
                                                                                            contract  includes
                                                                                                cash flows fromboth   the the
                                                                                                                  honoringincremental
                                                                                                                                  contractcost
                                                                                                                                            areof
fulfilling
negative.that
            Thecontract  and an
                  provision      allocation
                            represents  the of otherofcosts
                                            lowest          that to
                                                       the costs relates   directly to
                                                                     fulfill the       fulfilling
                                                                                 contract  and thethepenalties
                                                                                                      contract. to exit the contract. Those are
generally
The         related to non-lease
       implementation              components
                        of these standard        of vacated
                                            amendments        leasedinpremises
                                                           resulted                that can
                                                                        no significant   impactbe incurred under specific
                                                                                                   on the Company's         initiatives.financial
                                                                                                                        consolidated
statements.provisions are recognized when a detailed formal plan identifies the business or part of the business concerned,
Severance
the location and number of employees affected, a detailed estimate of the associated costs, appropriate timelines and has
The
beenfollowing standard
      communicated     amendments
                    to those         haveit.been adopted by the Company on May 23, 2023:
                             affected by
International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12
TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN CURRENCIES
On May 23, 2023, the IASB issued standard amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes, to address the Pillar Two model rules for
The Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is also the parent company’s
domestic implementation of a 15% global minimum tax. The standard amendments introduce a temporary recognition
functional currency. Each entity in the Company determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial
exception in relation to accounting and disclosure for deferred taxes, which was immediately applied, arising from the
statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Functional currency is the currency of the primary
implementation of the international tax reform. Remaining target disclosure requirements for affected entities such as current
economic environment in which the entity operates.
tax expense (income) related to Pillar Two income taxes, as well as, qualitative and quantitative information about an entity’s
exposurecurrency
Foreign   to Pillar Two  income taxes
                     transactions  andwill only be effective as for the interim reporting period ending March 31, 2024.
                                        balances
At September
Revenue,        30, 2023,
            expenses    and the  application of
                             non-monetary       the new
                                             assets  and standard
                                                          liabilities amendments
                                                                       denominated inhad no  impact
                                                                                       foreign        on theare
                                                                                                currencies   Company's     consolidated
                                                                                                                 recorded at the   rate of
exchangestatements.
financial   prevailing at the transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at
exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheets date. Unrealized and realized translation gains and losses are reflected in the
The  following standard
consolidated               amendments
               statements of    earnings. have been early adopted and applied retrospectively by the Company for the year ended
September 30, 2023:
Foreign operations
Disclosure of Accounting Policy Information – Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2
For foreign operations that have functional currencies different from the Company, assets and liabilities denominated in a
In February
foreign       2021,are
         currency    thetranslated
                          IASB amended     IAS 1 Presentation
                                    at exchange   rates in effectofatFinancial  Statements
                                                                       the balance            and IFRS
                                                                                    sheets date.         Practice
                                                                                                   Revenue         Statementare
                                                                                                             and expenses       2 Making
                                                                                                                                  translated
Materiality Judgements      to require the Company    to disclose    its material accounting   policies rather than its
at average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Resulting unrealized gains or losses on translating financial   significant
accounting policies.
statements   of foreign operations are reported in other comprehensive income.
     implementation
The foreign
For         operations of with
                          these  standard
                               the same   amendments
                                        functional      resulted
                                                   currency      in no
                                                            as the     significant
                                                                   Company,        impact on
                                                                               monetary      theand
                                                                                        assets   Company's      consolidated
                                                                                                    liabilities are          financial
                                                                                                                    translated at the
statements.
exchange   rates in effect at the balance sheets date and non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical
exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the period. Translation exchange
gains or losses of such operations are reflected in the consolidated statements of earnings.



CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                        23
                                                                                                                                                                    19
                                                                                                                               FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 87

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary
         Summaryofofmaterial
                     materialaccounting
                              accountingpolicies
                                         policies(continued)
                                                  (continued)

SHARE-BASED
FUTURE ACCOUNTING
            PAYMENTS
                  STANDARD CHANGES
Equity-settled
The             plans amendments are effective as of October 1, 2023:
    following standard
Definition
The   Company   of operates
                      Accounting      Estimates –
                                   PSU and              Amendments
                                                equity-settled      stock to    IAS 8
                                                                           option   plans under which the Company receives services from
employees, officers and directors as consideration for equity instruments.
In February 2021, the IASB amended IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting estimates and Errors to introduce a
definition
The   fair of
            value of
                   accounting
                         those estimates
                                 share-based    and to
                                                   payments
                                                         help isentities   distinguish
                                                                     established    on the
                                                                                         changes
                                                                                              closinginprice of
                                                                                                          accounting
                                                                                                                  Class A
                                                                                                                        policies
                                                                                                                             subordinate
                                                                                                                                   from changes
                                                                                                                                              voting in
                                                                                                                                                      shares
                                                                                                                                                         accounting
                                                                                                                                                               of the
estimates.on
Company         This thedistinction
                          Toronto isStockimportant
                                             Exchange  because
                                                            (TSX) for
                                                                   changes
                                                                         the in
                                                                              PSUs and      the grant
                                                                                   accounting     policiesdate
                                                                                                             must
                                                                                                                using
                                                                                                                   betheapplied
                                                                                                                            Black-Scholes
                                                                                                                                  retrospectively
                                                                                                                                                optionwhile
                                                                                                                                                        pricing
                                                                                                                                                              changes
                                                                                                                                                                  model
in
for the
   accounting
          stock options.
                      estimates Theare
                                     number
                                        accounted
                                                of PSUsfor and
                                                            prospectively.
                                                                  stock options expected to vest are estimated on the grant date and
subsequently revised on each reporting date. For stock options, the estimation of fair value requires making assumptions for
Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction – Amendments to IAS 12
the most appropriate inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the option and expected stock price volatility.
The
In    fair2021,
    May     valuethe  of share-based
                          IASB amended     payments,      adjustedTaxes,
                                               IAS 12 Income          for expectations
                                                                              to narrow the  related
                                                                                                scope  to of
                                                                                                           performance     conditionsexemption
                                                                                                             the initial recognition     and forfeitures,    are
                                                                                                                                                       so that  it does
recognized
not  apply toas        share-based
                   transactions        payment
                                    that give       costs
                                                rise to      overand
                                                          equal     the vesting
                                                                        offsettingperiod    in earnings
                                                                                     temporary              with a corresponding credit to contributed
                                                                                                    differences.
surplus on a graded-vesting basis if they vest annually or on a straight-line basis if they vest at the end of the vesting period.
The implementation of these standard amendments will result in no impact on the Company's consolidated financial
When      PSUs are exercised, the recorded fair value of PSUs is removed from contributed surplus and credited to capital stock.
statements.
When stock options are exercised, any consideration paid is credited to capital stock and the recorded fair value of the stock
options is
The            removed
       following             from contributed
                       standard    amendmentsurplus   have and beencredited
                                                                      issued to    capital
                                                                                 and         stock.
                                                                                       will be   effective as of October 1, 2024 for the Company, with
earlier application permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these standard amendments on its
Share purchase plan
consolidated financial statements.
The Company operates a share purchase plan for eligible employees. Under this plan, the Company matches the contributions
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Information about long-term debt with covenants –
made by employees up to a maximum percentage of the employee's salary. The Company's contributions to the plan are
Amendments to IAS 1
recognized in salaries and other employee costs within costs of services, selling and administrative.
In January 2020, the IASB amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, clarifying that the classification of liabilities as
Cash-settled deferred share units
current or non-current is based on existing rights at the end of the reporting period, independent of whether the Company will
The   Company
exercise               operates
             its right to    defera deferred
                                    settlement of sharea unit   (DSU) plan
                                                         liability.             to
                                                                     Subsequently, compensate
                                                                                       in  Octoberthe     external
                                                                                                       2022,        members
                                                                                                               the IASB          of the Board
                                                                                                                           introduced              of Directors.
                                                                                                                                          additional   amendments   The
    IAS 1, is
expense
to               recognized that
              emphasizing        within costs
                                      covenants   of for
                                                     services,    selling
                                                          long-term         and
                                                                        debt,     administrative
                                                                               regardless            for the
                                                                                               whether    each DSU
                                                                                                               covenantsgranted
                                                                                                                             wereequal     to theafter
                                                                                                                                    compliant           the price
                                                                                                                                                   closing          of
                                                                                                                                                             reporting
Class A
date,       subordinate
        should      not affect voting
                                 debtshares      of the Company
                                       classification;     instead, on      the TSXare
                                                                       companies       at the   date on
                                                                                           required     to which
                                                                                                           discloseDSUs
                                                                                                                      information     about and
                                                                                                                            are awarded              corresponding
                                                                                                                                                  a covenants
                                                                                                                                              these
liability
the  notes is recorded
               accompanying in accrued     compensation
                                    their financial            and employee-related liabilities. After the grant date, the DSU liability is
                                                       statements.
remeasured for subsequent changes in the fair value of the Company's shares.
Supplier finance arrangements - Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
In May 2023, the IASB amended IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to introduce
All
newfinancial
       disclosure instruments      are to
                        requirements    initially measured
                                             enhance      the at their
                                                               transparencyfair on
                                                                                value and
                                                                                      supplierarefinance
                                                                                                   subsequently      classified
                                                                                                            arrangements      andeither
                                                                                                                                     their at  amortized
                                                                                                                                           impact   on thecost, at fair
value
Company’sthrough      earnings
                  liabilities,    (FVTE)
                                cash  flowsorandat fair  value through
                                                    liquidity   exposure.other      comprehensive
                                                                              The new     disclosure income        (FVOCI).
                                                                                                         requirements           Financial
                                                                                                                          will include       assets aresuch
                                                                                                                                          information      classified
                                                                                                                                                                as
based on
terms    andthe      Company’s
                conditions,          management
                                the carrying     amount modelof of   such the
                                                                iabilities,instruments
                                                                                  range ofand     their due
                                                                                              payment    contractual
                                                                                                                dates,cash    flows they
                                                                                                                        non-cash      changesgenerate.    Financial
                                                                                                                                                 and liquidity    risk
liabilities
information  arearound
                    classified   and measured
                             supplier                 at amortized cost, unless they are held for trading and classified as FVTE.
                                        finance arrangements.
The Company has made the following classifications:
FVTE
Cash and cash equivalents, cash included in funds held for clients, derivative financial instruments and deferred compensation
plan assets within long-term financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period and the resulting
gains or losses are recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Amortized Cost
Trade accounts receivable, long-term receivables within long-term financial assets, short-term investments in funds held for
clients, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation and employee-related liabilities, long-term debt and
clients’ funds obligations are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Financial assets classified at
amortized cost are subject to impairment. For trade accounts receivable and work in progress, the Company applies the
simplified approach to measure expected credit losses, which requires lifetime expected loss allowance to be recorded upon
initial recognition of the financial assets.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                        24
                                                                                                                                                                    20
88 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes
Notes to
      to the
         the Consolidated
             Consolidated Financial
                          Financial Statements
                                    Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)

3.        Summary
           Summary
           Summaryofof
                   ofmaterial
                       material
                       materialaccounting
                                accounting
                                accountingpolicies
                                           policies
                                           policies(continued)
                                                    (continued)
3.                                                  (continued)
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
FINANCIAL          INSTRUMENTS        (CONTINUED)
                                             (CONTINUED)
FVOCI
The    actuarial valuations used to determine the cost of defined benefit pension plans and their present value involve making
FVOCI
assumptions         such as discount
Short-term investments              included  rates,     future financial
                                                  in current       salary and       pension
                                                                               assets,           increases,
                                                                                           long-term      bonds  inflation
                                                                                                                     included   rates in and
                                                                                                                                         funds mortality.
                                                                                                                                                 held for Any      changes
                                                                                                                                                             clients            in
                                                                                                                                                                       and long-term
Short-term
assumptions      investments
                    will  impact    included
                                     the carrying in current financial         assets,     long-term   Inbonds       included    theinappropriate
                                                                                                                                         funds held discount
                                                                                                                                                       for clientsrate,andmanagement
                                                                                                                                                                              long-term
investments        within    long-term      financialamountassets of  arepension     obligations.
                                                                           measured at         fair value  determining
                                                                                                              through       other      comprehensive        income and are          subject
investments
considers      thewithin     long-term
                      interest   rates      financial      assets     are measured         at fair   value    through other   in thecomprehensive           income      and arewill subject
to impairment         for  which    the of high
                                          Company     quality     corporate
                                                           uses the             bonds
                                                                        low credit        that
                                                                                       risk       are  denominated
                                                                                              exemption.                                currency in which         the benefits          be
to impairment         for  which    the   Company          uses    the  low   credit   risk   exemption.
paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related pension liability.
The unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable income taxes, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Interest
The
The    unrealized
       current          gainscost
                  service       andislosses,
                                         recognized net ofinapplicable       income statements
                                                               the consolidated          taxes, are recorded
                                                                                                          of earnings    in other
                                                                                                                               under    comprehensive
                                                                                                                                         costs of services,  income.
                                                                                                                                                                   sellingInterest
                                                                                                                                                                            and
income     measured          using the     effective interest         method and realized            gains     and losses          on derecognition       are recorded         in the
income     measured
administrative.        The   using
                              net    the
                                   interesteffective
                                               cost       interest
                                                       calculated     method
                                                                        by        and
                                                                            applying    realized
                                                                                          the        gains
                                                                                                discount       and
                                                                                                              rate    losses
                                                                                                                     to  the    neton   derecognition
                                                                                                                                       defined   benefit  are    recorded
                                                                                                                                                           liabilities    or   in the is
                                                                                                                                                                             assets
consolidated statements of earnings.
consolidated        statements        of  earnings.
recognized as net finance cost or income. When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting
Transaction
change             costs are
            in benefits      thatcomprised
                                   relates to primarily
                                                   past services  of legal,  accounting
                                                                        or the                 and other
                                                                                  gains or losses               costs directly
                                                                                                         on curtailment                attributable immediately
                                                                                                                                   is recognized     to the acquisition  in theor
Transaction        costs are     comprised        primarily       of legal,  accounting        and other        costs directly         attributable to the acquisition          or
issuance
consolidated  of  financial    instruments.
                    statements of                   Transaction
                                          earnings. The                costs   related
                                                                         or losses
                                                                 gainscosts                to
                                                                                       ontothe financial     instruments
                                                                                                   settlement of        a defined other   than   FVTE
                                                                                                                                         benefitFVTE     are
                                                                                                                                                  plan are      included
                                                                                                                                                               recognized        the initial
                                                                                                                                                                             in when    the
issuance      of financial     instruments.         Transaction                related         financial     instruments          other than             are included        in the initial
recognition
settlement        of  the
                occurs.     corresponding        asset      or  liability  and   are   amortized       using     effective       interest    method.    Transaction        costs   related
recognition of        the corresponding asset or liability and are amortized using effective interest method. Transaction costs related
to the unsecured committed revolving credit facility are included in other long-term assets and are amortized using the straight-
to the unsecured committed
Remeasurements                  definedrevolving
                            on expected      benefit       creditinclude
                                                         plans      facility are included         in and
                                                                                                     other     long-term        assets  in and   are amortized       using     the straight-
line method over the                          life of the      underlyingactuarial
                                                                              agreement.    gains          losses,      changes             the effect  of the asset       ceiling  and the
line  method      over     the  expected      life   of the    underlying     agreement.
return on plan assets, excluding the amount included in net interest on the net defined liabilities or assets. Remeasurements
Financial
are   charged assets     are derecognized
                   or credited                       if the contractual
                                    to other comprehensive                     rights
                                                                          income     in to
                                                                                         thethe    cashinflows
                                                                                               period         which fromthey the    financial asset expire or the asset is
                                                                                                                                 arise.
Financial     assets     are derecognized            if the contractual        rights   to   the   cash flows       from     the    financial asset expire or the asset is
transferred and the transfer qualifies for derecognition as substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
transferred and the transfer qualifies for derecognition as substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
asset
ADOPTION have been        transferred.
                   OF ACCOUNTING                 STANDARD
asset have been           transferred.
Fair
The     value   hierarchy
Fair following       standard amendments have been adopted by the Company on October 1, 2022:
        value hierarchy
Fair
Onerousvalue measurements               recognized         on athe   balance -sheets        are classified        in 37
                                                                                                                     accordance with the following levels:
Fair valuecontracts
               measurements    – Cost     of  Fulfilling
                                        recognized         on the Contract        Amendments
                                                                     balance sheets                      to IAS
                                                                                            are classified        in accordance with the following levels:
In May Level   1: quoted
           2020,     the IASB  prices
                                  amended(unadjusted)
                                                   IAS 37 in      active markets
                                                              Provisions,               for identical
                                                                               Contingent                  assets
                                                                                                  Liabilities    andor     liabilities; Assets. The standard amendments
                                                                                                                        Contingent
       Level   1: quoted       prices    (unadjusted)         in  active markets        for identical      assets      or  liabilities;
clarify  that 2:
       Level    forinputs
                      assessing
                              otherwhether
                                       than quoted a contract
                                                           pricesisincluded
                                                                       onerous,inthe  Levelcost1,ofbutfulfilling
                                                                                                         that are  theobservable
                                                                                                                         contract includes for the both
                                                                                                                                                   assetthe  or incremental
                                                                                                                                                                 liability, either cost of
                                                                                                                                                                                     directly
       Level
fulfilling     2: contract
            that    inputs otherand    than
                                       an     quoted prices
                                           allocation       of  otherincluded
                                                                        costs      in Level
                                                                                 that  relates  1, directly
                                                                                                    but thattoare      observable
                                                                                                                   fulfilling     the      for the asset or liability, either directly
                                                                                                                                        contract.
       or indirectly; and
       or indirectly; and
The Level
       implementation
               3: inputs for   of these
                                  the asset standard        amendments
                                                 or liability     that are not resulted
                                                                                    basedinonnoobservable
                                                                                                     significantmarketimpact data.  on the Company's consolidated financial
       Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data.
statements.
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
DERIVATIVE
The                  FINANCIAL
      following standard                   INSTRUMENTS
                                      amendments           have beenANDadopted
                                                                            HEDGING            TRANSACTIONS
                                                                                        by the Company            on May 23, 2023:
The Company enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to interest rate and foreign
The   Company
International         enters
                     Tax Reform    into   a variety     of  derivative   financial      instruments        to  manage     its exposure to interest rate and foreign
currency exchange              risks. – Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12
currency exchange risks.
On                 2023, the IASB
     May 23,financial
Derivative                     instruments   issued     standardrecognized
                                                   are initially     amendments     at fairto IAS
                                                                                                value 12at the
                                                                                                          Income date  the to
                                                                                                                     Taxes,       address the
                                                                                                                             derivative             Pillar
                                                                                                                                            contracts    areTwo    modelinto
                                                                                                                                                              entered       rulesandforare
Derivative
domestic        financial instruments
             implementation                        areglobal
                                                         initiallyminimum
                                                                   recognized       atThefairstandard
                                                                                                value at the     date the derivative        contracts    are recognition
                                                                                                                                                              entered into and are
subsequently         remeasuredoftoatheir      15%    fair value at    the end tax.of    each               amendments
                                                                                                  reporting date.              introduce
                                                                                                                      The resulting          a or
                                                                                                                                          gain temporary
                                                                                                                                                     loss is recognized        in the
subsequently
exception            remeasured
               in relation       to of    to their fair
                                      accounting        and value   at the for
                                                              disclosure     enddeferred
                                                                                    of each taxes,reporting    date.
                                                                                                           which      The    resulting gain      or loss is recognized         in the
consolidated        statements              earnings,       unless   the derivative        is designated        andwas   immediately
                                                                                                                     is effective     as a applied,
                                                                                                                                             hedgingarising       from in
                                                                                                                                                        instrument,      thewhich
consolidated
implementation      statements          of  earnings,       unless   the  derivative       is   designated      and  is effective     as  a  hedging    instrument,      in which
event   the timingof     ofthetheinternational
                                     recognition in     tax  reform.
                                                           the         Remaining
                                                                consolidated              target of
                                                                                   statements        disclosure
                                                                                                         earnings  requirements
                                                                                                                      depends onfor     theaffected
                                                                                                                                             nature of entities   such as
                                                                                                                                                           the hedge          current
                                                                                                                                                                          relationship.
event the
tax  expense  timing     of therelated
                   (income)          recognition       in the
                                               toinstruments
                                                   Pillar       consolidated
                                                            Two income             statements
                                                                              taxes, in  as    well   of earnings
                                                                                                     as,  qualitative depends on        the nature     of the hedge       relationship.
The   cash flows       of the hedging                              are classified           the    same    manner asand   the quantitative
                                                                                                                                cash flows of   information
                                                                                                                                                   the item beingabouthedged.
                                                                                                                                                                          an  entity’s
The   cash flows
exposure      to Pillarof Twothe hedging
                                     income instruments
                                                 taxes will only   arebeclassified
                                                                           effectiveinasthe    forsame     manner
                                                                                                    the interim       as the cash
                                                                                                                   reporting    period flows   of the
                                                                                                                                          ending        item31,
                                                                                                                                                    March      being
                                                                                                                                                                   2024.hedged.
At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which the
At
At the   inception
   September          30,of 2023,
                              a hedge  the  relationship,
                                             application       the
                                                              of  theCompany
                                                                       newthe risk formally
                                                                              standard             designateshad
                                                                                              amendments          andno documents
                                                                                                                            impact on      thehedge
                                                                                                                                         the           relationship
                                                                                                                                                Company's                to which the
                                                                                                                                                                consolidated
Company        wishes       to apply      hedge      accounting      and                 management's           objective    and   strategy    for  undertaking the        hedge. The
Company
financial      wishes
            statements.     to  apply     hedge      accounting      and    the  risk    management's           objective    and   strategy    for  undertaking      the   hedge. The
documentation          includes the identification of the nature of the risk being hedged, the economic relationship between the
documentation includes the identification of the nature of the risk being hedged, the economic relationship between the
hedged item and the hedging instruments which should not be dominated by credit risk, the hedge ratio consistent with the risk
hedged
The        item and
      following            the hedging
                     standard                  instruments
                                      amendments           have   which early
                                                                           should    not be and   dominated      by  credit risk, thebyhedge        ratio consistent       with the   risk
management           strategy       pursued       and how      thebeen
                                                                     Company will adopted assess the    applied    retrospectively
                                                                                                            effectiveness                   the Company
                                                                                                                               of the hedging       relationshipfor on
                                                                                                                                                                    the anyear   ended
                                                                                                                                                                              ongoing
management
September 30, 2023:  strategy       pursued       and    how   the   Company       will   assess       the  effectiveness      of the  hedging      relationship     on   an  ongoing
basis.
basis.
Managementofevaluates
Disclosure            Accounting       hedge Policy     Information
                                                  effectiveness      at –    Amendments
                                                                        inception       of the to  hedge IAS 1    and IFRS
                                                                                                             instrument     andPractice
                                                                                                                                  quarterlyStatement
                                                                                                                                               thereafter 2  generally based on a
Management evaluates hedge effectiveness at inception of the hedge instrument and quarterly thereafter generally based on a
managed
In February   hedge       ratio
                  2021,ratio the of of 1
                                    IASB  for  1.  Hedge      effectiveness      is  measured          prospectively     as   the  extent    to  which    changes     in Making
                                                                                                                                                                          the fair
managed       hedge                    1 foramended
                                               1. HedgeIAS        1 Presentation
                                                              effectiveness              of Financial
                                                                                 is measured                Statements
                                                                                                       prospectively     asandtheIFRS
                                                                                                                                   extentPractice
                                                                                                                                             to which  Statement
                                                                                                                                                          changes 2   in the fair
value   or  cash     flows      of  the   derivative
                                      to derivative       offsets
                                          require theoffsetsCompany the  changes
                                                                          to disclose  in   the   fair  value
                                                                                             its material       or cash   flows    of the   underlying      hedged     instrument     or
Materiality
value   or cash Judgements
                     flows of the                                   the changes        in the     fair valueaccounting
                                                                                                                or cash flowspolicies
                                                                                                                                   of therather   than itshedged
                                                                                                                                            underlying       significant
                                                                                                                                                                       instrument or
risk when
accounting    there     is
                  policies.  a  significant      mismatch       between      the  terms        of the   hedging    instrument      and   the  hedged      item.  Any    meaningful
risk when there         is a significant mismatch between the terms of the hedging instrument and the hedged item. Any meaningful
imbalance is considered ineffectiveness in the hedge and accounted for accordingly in the consolidated statements of
imbalance
The             is  considered
      implementation of these           ineffectiveness        in the hedge resulted
                                               standard amendments                and accounted            for accordingly
                                                                                                 in no significant     impactinon  thetheconsolidated
                                                                                                                                            Company'sstatements
                                                                                                                                                             consolidated   of financial
earnings.
earnings.
statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                                             23
                                                                                                                                                                                         21
                                                                                                                                         FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 89

Notes
Notes to
      to the
         the Consolidated
             Consolidated Financial
                          Financial Statements
                                    Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)

3.       Summary
          Summary
          Summaryofof
                  ofmaterial
                      material
                      materialaccounting
                               accounting
                               accountingpolicies
                                          policies
                                          policies(continued)
                                                   (continued)
3.                                                 (continued)
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
DERIVATIVE
FUTURE       ACCOUNTING
                    FINANCIALSTANDARD    INSTRUMENTS        CHANGES AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
Hedges
The        of
     following net    investments            in   foreign     operations
Hedges     of netstandard
                      investments   amendments
                                             in foreign  areoperations
                                                               effective as of October 1, 2023:
The  Company
Definition     of uses
                   Accounting  cross-currency
                                         Estimates     swaps
                                                          –       and foreign currency
                                                             Amendments                IAS 8 denominated           long-term debt to hedge portions of the
The  Company        uses       cross-currency          swaps and         foreign to
                                                                                  currency     denominated long-term debt to hedge portions of the
Company’s net investments in its U.S. and European operations. Foreign exchange translation gains or losses on the net
Company’s
In February net 2021, investments
                            the IASB       in its U.S.IAS
                                           amended          and European         operations.     Foreign exchange           translation     gains  or Errors
                                                                                                                                                      losses to onintroduce
                                                                                                                                                                    the net a
investments       and    the    effective     portions of 8          Accounting
                                                                gains or            Policies,
                                                                            losses on            Changes
                                                                                         instruments          in Accounting
                                                                                                          hedging the        net estimates
                                                                                                                                  investments    and
                                                                                                                                                   are recorded      in other
investments
definition        and    the
             of accounting      effective
                                    estimates portions     of   gains    or losses    on instruments      hedging       the  net  investments      are  recordedin inof other
comprehensive          income. Gains            or and
                                                    losses to help
                                                               relatingentities
                                                                           to thedistinguish
                                                                                   ineffectivechanges
                                                                                                 portion are in accounting
                                                                                                                  recognized in   policies    from changes
                                                                                                                                       consolidated     statements accounting
comprehensive
estimates.When This theincome.
                      distinction    Gains      or  losses
                                            important
                                        is net                 relating
                                                            because        to the  ineffective
                                                                          changesof,inthe        portion
                                                                                         accounting        are    recognized       in  consolidated     statements     of
earnings.                      hedged             investment        is disposed              relevant policies
                                                                                                         amount in   must    be applied
                                                                                                                         other               retrospectively
                                                                                                                                 comprehensive        income is  while  changes
                                                                                                                                                                    transferred
earnings.
in accounting When      the hedged
                   estimates               net investment           is disposed of, the relevant amount in other comprehensive income is transferred
to earnings     as part      of theare     accounted
                                       gain or     loss on  fordisposal.
                                                                  prospectively.
to earnings as part of the gain or loss on disposal.
Deferred
Cash flowTax        related
               hedges         of to   Assets
                                  future           and Liabilities
                                              revenue       and long-term  arisingdebtfrom a Single Transaction – Amendments to IAS 12
Cash flow hedges of future revenue and long-term debt
In
TheMay   2021,of
     majority      thethe IASB     amended IAS
                             Company’s           revenue  12andIncome      Taxes, to
                                                                     costs are          narrow the
                                                                                  denominated         scope
                                                                                                    in a  currency        initialthan the
                                                                                                                 of theother       recognition    exemption
                                                                                                                                              Canadian                       does
                                                                                                                                                                           it of
                                                                                                                                                                     thatrisk
                                                                                                                                                          dollar.soThe
The  majority
not apply         of the Company’s
             to transactions          that give  revenue
                                                     rise toand equalcosts
                                                                         andare   denominated
                                                                               offsetting  temporaryin a currency
                                                                                                          differences.   other than the Canadian dollar. The risk of
foreign   exchange         fluctuations       impacting       the    results  is substantially     mitigated     by matching the Company’s costs with revenue
foreign exchange fluctuations impacting the results is substantially mitigated by matching the Company’s costs with revenue
denominated
The  implementationin the same         currency.       In certain      cases where      there
                                                                                            in is
                                                                                                noa  substantial
                                                                                                               on theimbalance         forconsolidated
                                                                                                                                           a specific currency,
                                                                                                                                                           financialthe
denominated        in the of  same these     standard
                                       currency.           amendments
                                                       In certain      cases will
                                                                               whereresult
                                                                                        there   is aimpact
                                                                                                     substantial         Company's
                                                                                                                       imbalance       for a specific currency,      the
Company
statements.   enters     into   foreign      currency      forward      contracts    to hedge    the  variability     in the  foreign     currency  exchange       rates.
Company       enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the foreign currency exchange rates.
The Company also uses interest rate and cross-currency swaps to hedge either the cash flow exposure or the foreign
The
The  Company
      following     also usesamendments
                    standard          interest rate and    have  cross-currency
                                                                     been issued swaps and willto be
                                                                                                   hedge    either as
                                                                                                       effective       theofcash    flow exposure
                                                                                                                               October      1, 2024 foror the
                                                                                                                                                           theforeign
                                                                                                                                                                 Company, with
exchange      exposure         of the long-term debt.
exchange      exposure         of the   long-term       debt.
earlier application permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these standard amendments on its
The  effective financial
consolidated       portion ofstatements.
                                    the change in fair value of the derivative financial instruments is recognized in other comprehensive
The  effective portion of the             change in fair value of the derivative financial instruments is recognized in other comprehensive
income and the ineffective portion, if any, in the consolidated statements of earnings. The effective portion of the change in fair
income    and
Classification   the   ineffective
                       of     Liabilitiesportion,as ifCurrent
                                                        any, in the       consolidated statements         of earnings.        The long-term
                                                                                                                                    effective portion
                                                                                                                                                  debt ofof  the change      in fair
value of   the   derivatives is        reclassified       out of or  otherNon-current
                                                                             comprehensive   andincome
                                                                                                    Information
                                                                                                            into the about
                                                                                                                         consolidated       statements     with    covenants
                                                                                                                                                              earnings     when –
value  of
Amendments the   derivatives
                     toisIAS 1      is reclassified       out    of  other   comprehensive        income    into    the  consolidated       statements     of earnings     when
the hedged item              recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
the hedged item is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
In January
Cost           2020, the IASB amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, clarifying that the classification of liabilities as
       of hedging
Cost
currentoforhedging
              non-current is based on existing rights at the end of the reporting period, independent of whether the Company will
The  Company
exercise            has
            its right    to elected      to account
                              defer settlement          offor   forwardSubsequently,
                                                            a liability.    element and foreign        currency
                                                                                              in October      2022,basis      spread
                                                                                                                        the IASB         of forward
                                                                                                                                      introduced      contractsamendments
                                                                                                                                                   additional       and cross-
The  Company        has      elected     to account       for   forward element and foreign            currency       basis   spread     of forward   contracts and cross-
currency    swaps
             emphasizing
to IAS 1, swaps         as   coststhatof  hedging.       In  such     cases,   the  deferred    costs   (gains)     of  hedging,      net  of applicable   income
                                                                                                                                                            after thetaxes,    are
currency                as costs      ofcovenants
                                          hedging. Inforsuch    long-term
                                                                      cases,debt,     regardless
                                                                               the deferred     costswhether
                                                                                                        (gains)the  of covenants
                                                                                                                        hedging, net    were   compliant income
                                                                                                                                           of applicable               reporting
                                                                                                                                                                      taxes,   are
recognized      as
date, shouldasnot   a   separate
                        affect debt    component
                                          classification; of  the    accumulated
                                                                 instead,    companies other  comprehensive          income     and     reclassified  in the   consolidated
recognized          a separate         component          of the     accumulated       otherare   required to disclose
                                                                                              comprehensive          incomeinformation
                                                                                                                                and reclassifiedaboutinthese    covenants in
                                                                                                                                                         the consolidated
statements
the notes of        earnings when
              accompanying            theirthe     hedged
                                               financial        item is derecognized.
                                                            statements.
statements      of  earnings when            the   hedged item          is derecognized.
Supplier finance
EMPLOYEE               arrangements - Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7
                BENEFITS
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
The
In   Company
   May  2023, the operates
                      IASB both
                            amended defined  benefit
                                         IAS 7        and of
                                                Statement  defined  contribution
                                                               Cash Flows        post-employment
                                                                            and IFRS 7  Financial benefit   plans.Disclosures to introduce
                                                                                                  Instruments:
The Company operates both defined benefit and defined contribution post-employment benefit plans.
new disclosure requirements to enhance the transparency on supplier finance arrangements and their impact on the
The cost of defined contribution plans is charged to the consolidated statements of earnings on the basis of contributions
Company’s
The           liabilities, cash
     cost of defined            flows and
                        contribution         liquidity
                                       plans is        exposure.
                                                 charged to   the The   new disclosure
                                                                   consolidated        requirements
                                                                                statements of        willon the
                                                                                              earnings    include  information
                                                                                                                basis of       such as
                                                                                                                         contributions
payable by the Company during the year.
terms
payableand  conditions,
          by the  Company  the during
                               carryingtheamount
                                            year. of liabilities, the range of payment due dates, non-cash changes and liquidity risk
information
For defined around      supplier
              benefit plans,   thefinance  arrangements.
                                     defined benefit   obligations are calculated by independent actuaries using the projected unit
For defined benefit plans, the defined benefit obligations are calculated by independent actuaries using the projected unit
credit method. The retirement benefits obligations in the consolidated balance sheets represent the present value of the
credit method. The retirement benefits obligations in the consolidated balance sheets represent the present value of the
defined benefit obligations as reduced by the fair value of plan assets. The retirement benefits assets are recognized to the
defined benefit obligations as reduced by the fair value of plan assets. The retirement benefits assets are recognized to the
extent that the Company can benefit from refunds or a reduction in future contributions. Retirement benefits plans that are
extent that the Company can benefit from refunds or a reduction in future contributions. Retirement benefits plans that are
funded by the payment of insurance premiums are treated as defined contribution plans unless the Company has an obligation
funded by the payment of insurance premiums are treated as defined contribution plans unless the Company has an obligation
either to pay the benefits directly when they fall due or to pay further amounts if assets accumulated with the insurer do not
either to pay the benefits directly when they fall due or to pay further amounts if assets accumulated with the insurer do not
cover all future employee benefits. In such circumstances, the plan is treated as a defined benefit plan.
cover all future employee benefits. In such circumstances, the plan is treated as a defined benefit plan.
Insurance policies are treated as plan assets of a defined benefit plan if the proceeds of the policy:
Insurance policies are treated as plan assets of a defined benefit plan if the proceeds of the policy:
     -    Can only be used to fund employee benefits;
     -    Can only be used to fund employee benefits;
     -    Are not available to the Company’s creditors; and
     -    Are not available to the Company’s creditors; and
     -    Either cannot be paid to the Company unless the proceeds represent surplus assets not needed to meet all the
     -    Either cannot be paid to the Company unless the proceeds represent surplus assets not needed to meet all the
          benefit obligations or are a reimbursement for benefits already paid by the Company.
          benefit obligations or are a reimbursement for benefits already paid by the Company.
Insurance policies that do not meet the above criteria are treated as non-current investments and are held at fair value as long-
Insurance policies that do not meet the above criteria are treated as non-current investments and are held at fair value as long-
term financial assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
term financial assets in the consolidated balance sheets.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                                    24
                                                                                                                                                                                22
90 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
The actuarial valuations used to determine the cost of defined benefit pension plans and their present value involve making
assumptions such as discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality. Any changes in
assumptions will impact the carrying amount of pension obligations. In determining the appropriate discount rate, management
considers the interest rates of high quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be
paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related pension liability.
The current service cost is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings under costs of services, selling and
administrative. The net interest cost calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liabilities or assets is
recognized as net finance cost or income. When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting
change in benefits that relates to past services or the gains or losses on curtailment is recognized immediately in the
consolidated statements of earnings. The gains or losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan are recognized when the
settlement occurs.
Remeasurements on defined benefit plans include actuarial gains and losses, changes in the effect of the asset ceiling and the
return on plan assets, excluding the amount included in net interest on the net defined liabilities or assets. Remeasurements
are charged or credited to other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.

ADOPTION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARD
The following standard amendments have been adopted by the Company on October 1, 2022:
Onerous contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract - Amendments to IAS 37
In May 2020, the IASB amended IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. The standard amendments
clarify that for assessing whether a contract is onerous, the cost of fulfilling the contract includes both the incremental cost of
fulfilling that contract and an allocation of other costs that relates directly to fulfilling the contract.
The implementation of these standard amendments resulted in no significant impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

The following standard amendments have been adopted by the Company on May 23, 2023:
International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12
On May 23, 2023, the IASB issued standard amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes, to address the Pillar Two model rules for
domestic implementation of a 15% global minimum tax. The standard amendments introduce a temporary recognition
exception in relation to accounting and disclosure for deferred taxes, which was immediately applied, arising from the
implementation of the international tax reform. Remaining target disclosure requirements for affected entities such as current
tax expense (income) related to Pillar Two income taxes, as well as, qualitative and quantitative information about an entity’s
exposure to Pillar Two income taxes will only be effective as for the interim reporting period ending March 31, 2024.
At September 30, 2023, the application of the new standard amendments had no impact on the Company's consolidated
financial statements.

The following standard amendments have been early adopted and applied retrospectively by the Company for the year ended
September 30, 2023:
Disclosure of Accounting Policy Information – Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2
In February 2021, the IASB amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making
Materiality Judgements to require the Company to disclose its material accounting policies rather than its significant
accounting policies.
The implementation of these standard amendments resulted in no significant impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                      23
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 91

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES
The following standard amendments are effective as of October 1, 2023:
Definition of Accounting Estimates – Amendments to IAS 8
In February 2021, the IASB amended IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting estimates and Errors to introduce a
definition of accounting estimates and to help entities distinguish changes in accounting policies from changes in accounting
estimates. This distinction is important because changes in accounting policies must be applied retrospectively while changes
in accounting estimates are accounted for prospectively.
Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction – Amendments to IAS 12
In May 2021, the IASB amended IAS 12 Income Taxes, to narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption so that it does
not apply to transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences.
The implementation of these standard amendments will result in no impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

The following standard amendments have been issued and will be effective as of October 1, 2024 for the Company, with
earlier application permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these standard amendments on its
consolidated financial statements.
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Information about long-term debt with covenants –
Amendments to IAS 1
In January 2020, the IASB amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, clarifying that the classification of liabilities as
current or non-current is based on existing rights at the end of the reporting period, independent of whether the Company will
exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability. Subsequently, in October 2022, the IASB introduced additional amendments
to IAS 1, emphasizing that covenants for long-term debt, regardless whether the covenants were compliant after the reporting
date, should not affect debt classification; instead, companies are required to disclose information about these covenants in
the notes accompanying their financial statements.
Supplier finance arrangements - Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7
In May 2023, the IASB amended IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to introduce
new disclosure requirements to enhance the transparency on supplier finance arrangements and their impact on the
Company’s liabilities, cash flows and liquidity exposure. The new disclosure requirements will include information such as
terms and conditions, the carrying amount of liabilities, the range of payment due dates, non-cash changes and liquidity risk
information around supplier finance arrangements.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                    24
92 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


4.        Accounts receivable

                                                                                                              As at                     As at
                                                                                                 September 30, 2023       September 30, 2022
                                                                                                                      $                     $
    Trade (Note 32)                                                                                       1,152,880               1,106,187
    R&D and other tax credits1                                                                              157,668                 163,608
    Discount incentives                                                                                      57,714                  47,906
    Other                                                                                                    56,855                  45,844
                                                                                                          1,425,117               1,363,545
1
     R&D and other tax credits were related to government programs mainly in Canada, the United States, and France.




5.        Funds held for clients

                                                                                                              As at                     As at
                                                                                                 September 30, 2023       September 30, 2022
                                                                                                                      $                    $
    Cash (Note 32)                                                                                          269,792                 504,726
    Short-term investments                                                                                   80,000                      —
    Long-term bonds (Note 32)                                                                               138,935                  94,113
                                                                                                            488,727                 598,839




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                               25
                                                                                                                       FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 93

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


6.      Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                             Furniture,
                                                                         Land and         Leasehold       fixtures and       Computer
                                                                         buildings     improvements         equipment       equipment        Total
                                                                                  $                  $                $            $            $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2022                                                  77,371              262,972       152,083         598,725    1,091,151
  Additions                                                                 1,933               29,301        16,145         111,011      158,390
  Disposals/retirements                                                      (167)             (39,269)      (20,477)       (100,769)    (160,682)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   2,244                3,800         1,520          11,404       18,968
As at September 30, 2023                                                   81,381              256,804       149,271         620,371    1,107,827
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2022                                                  23,467              170,647       101,302         426,127     721,543
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                            3,234               28,697        12,675          98,759     143,365
  Impairment (Note 24)                                                         —                 2,163           423              —         2,586
  Disposals/retirements                                                      (167)             (39,269)      (20,477)       (100,769)    (160,682)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                     445                3,022           787           7,485       11,739
As at September 30, 2023                                                   26,979              165,260        94,710         431,602      718,551
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2023                               54,402               91,544        54,561         188,769      389,276


                                                                                                              Furniture,
                                                                          Land and         Leasehold       fixtures and      Computer
                                                                          buildings     improvements         equipment      equipment        Total
                                                                                  $                  $                $             $           $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2021                                                  78,907              244,824       150,617         592,892    1,067,240
  Additions                                                                 5,202               24,040         9,344         117,196      155,782
  Additions - business acquisitions (Note 27c)                                 —                 4,776           984           2,404        8,164
  Disposals/retirements                                                    (4,116)              (6,997)       (6,466)        (88,261)    (105,840)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  (2,622)              (3,671)       (2,396)        (25,506)     (34,195)
As at September 30, 2022                                                   77,371              262,972       152,083         598,725    1,091,151
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2021                                                  21,961              156,012        97,693         439,482      715,148
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                            2,888               24,127        11,815          94,821      133,651
  Impairment (Note 24)                                                         —                   858            —               —           858
  Disposals/retirements                                                      (893)              (6,958)       (6,424)        (88,261)    (102,536)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                    (489)              (3,392)       (1,782)        (19,915)     (25,578)
As at September 30, 2022                                                   23,467              170,647       101,302         426,127      721,543
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2022                               53,904               92,325        50,781         172,598      369,608




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                    26
94 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


7.      Right-of-use assets
                                                                                       Motor vehicles and     Computer
                                                                         Properties                others    equipment        Total
                                                                                  $                     $           $            $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2022                                               1,049,445               180,164        40,689    1,270,298
  Additions                                                                32,772                48,883         1,030       82,685
  Change in estimates and lease modifications                              13,940                    —             —        13,940
  Disposals/retirements                                                  (101,670)              (36,792)       (3,121)    (141,583)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  28,423                 7,246           345       36,014
As at September 30, 2023                                                1,022,910               199,501        38,943    1,261,354
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2022                                                 610,007                 88,923       36,247     735,177
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                          103,249                36,988         2,793      143,030
  Impairment (Note 24)                                                      9,649                    —             —         9,649
  Disposals/retirements                                                   (94,676)              (31,700)       (3,121)    (129,497)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                  15,792                 4,589           293       20,674
As at September 30, 2023                                                  644,021                98,800        36,212      779,033
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2023                              378,889               100,701         2,731      482,321



                                                                                        Motor vehicles and    Computer
                                                                         Properties                 others   equipment        Total
                                                                                  $                     $           $            $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2021                                               1,080,867               174,354        39,093    1,294,314
  Additions                                                                90,830                25,554         3,683      120,067
  Additions - business acquisitions (Note 27c)                             21,622                   492            —        22,114
  Change in estimates and lease modifications                              (7,946)                   —             —        (7,946)
  Disposals/retirements                                                   (88,546)              (11,704)           —      (100,250)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                 (47,382)               (8,532)       (2,087)     (58,001)
As at September 30, 2022                                                1,049,445               180,164        40,689    1,270,298
Accumulated depreciation
 As at September 30, 2021                                                 606,558                 67,975       33,574     708,107
  Depreciation expense (Note 24)                                          103,489                 33,260        4,546     141,295
  Impairment (Note 24)                                                      3,858                     —            —        3,858
  Disposals/retirements                                                   (74,973)                (7,749)          —      (82,722)
  Foreign currency translation adjustment                                 (28,925)                (4,563)      (1,873)    (35,361)
As at September 30, 2022                                                  610,007                 88,923       36,247     735,177
Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2022                              439,438                 91,241        4,442     535,121




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                     27
                                                                                                                          FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 95

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


8.      Contract costs

                                                                                      As at September 30, 2023                             As at September 30, 2022
                                                                                    Accumulated                 Net                       Accumulated              Net
                                                                                     amortization          carrying                        amortization       carrying
                                                                           Cost   and impairment            amount             Cost     and impairment        amount
                                                                              $                   $              $               $                     $            $
 Transition costs                                                     549,848            250,847       299,001         481,836                 225,468      256,368
 Incentives                                                             52,331             42,886           9,445        50,331                 45,087         5,244
                                                                      602,179            293,733       308,446         532,167                 270,555      261,612


9.      Intangible assets

                                                                                                                  Business
                                                                            Software           Business           solutions
                                                                           internally          solutions          internally             Client
                                                          Software        developed            acquired          developed       relationships                  Total
                                                                  $                $                  $                   $                       $                 $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2022                                 238,940          104,486              78,580            734,021              1,231,393           2,387,420
 Additions                                                 33,963            9,130              19,811            111,894                     —              174,798
 Business acquisitions (Note 27c)                              —                —                   —                  —                  (8,951)             (8,951)
 Disposals/retirements                                    (49,103)          (3,900)             (9,002)                —                      —              (62,005)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                    4,873              509                 750             (4,175)                25,627              27,584
As at September 30, 2023                                  228,673          110,225              90,139            841,740              1,248,069           2,518,846
 Accumulated amortization and
  impairment
 As at September 30, 2022                                 189,639            65,323             73,094            408,298              1,035,107           1,771,461
  Amortization expense (Note 24)                           30,475            13,421              3,274             69,053                 47,824             164,047
 Disposals/retirements                                    (49,103)           (3,900)            (9,002)                —                      —              (62,005)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                    4,227               343                588             (2,889)                19,971              22,240
As at September 30, 2023                                  175,238            75,187             67,954            474,462              1,102,902           1,895,743
Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  2023                                                     53,435            35,038             22,185            367,278                145,167            623,103

                                                                                                                  Business
                                                                           Software            Business           solutions
                                                                           internally          solutions          internally                  Client
                                                           Software       developed            acquired          developed            relationships              Total
                                                                  $                $                  $                   $                       $                 $
Cost
 As at September 30, 2021                                 246,584           98,891              78,641            624,850              1,154,620           2,203,586
 Additions                                                 23,400           10,111               1,160            103,309                     —              137,980
 Additions - business acquisitions (Note 27c)               3,479               —                1,630                 —                 105,538             110,647
 Disposals/retirements                                    (29,419)          (2,647)             (2,007)           (28,932)                    —              (63,005)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                   (5,104)          (1,869)               (844)            34,794                (28,765)             (1,788)
As at September 30, 2022                                  238,940          104,486              78,580            734,021              1,231,393           2,387,420
 Accumulated amortization and
   impairment
  As at September 30, 2021                                196,504            53,834             72,731            365,597              1,008,127           1,696,793
  Amortization expense (Note 24)                           26,603            14,711              3,201             48,211                 47,214             139,940
 Impairment (Note 24)                                          —                519                 —               2,840                     —                3,359
 Disposals/retirements                                    (29,419)           (2,647)            (2,007)           (28,932)                    —              (63,005)
 Foreign currency translation adjustment                   (4,049)           (1,094)              (831)            20,582                (20,234)             (5,626)
As at September 30, 2022                                  189,639            65,323             73,094            408,298              1,035,107           1,771,461
Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  2022                                                     49,301            39,163              5,486            325,723                196,286            615,959



CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                        28
96 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


10. Other long-term assets

                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2023   September 30, 2022
                                                                                                                $                     $
 Long-term prepaid services                                                                               28,674               28,720
 Insurance contracts held to fund defined benefit pension and life assurance
   arrangements - reimbursement rights (Note 17)                                                          19,458               18,877
 Retirement benefits assets (Note 17)                                                                        836               47,071
 Deposits                                                                                                 15,634               17,189
 Deferred financing fees                                                                                   2,531                2,827
 Other                                                                                                    17,643               24,982
                                                                                                          84,776              139,666




11. Long-term financial assets

                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2023   September 30, 2022
                                                                                                               $                     $
 Deferred compensation plan assets (Notes 17 and 32)                                                      88,076               71,863
 Long-term investments (Note 32)                                                                          17,113               16,826
 Long-term receivables                                                                                    20,774               10,590
 Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 32)                                                     22,005              237,877
                                                                                                        147,968               337,156




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                         29
                                                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 97

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


12. Goodwill

The following tables present information on the Company's operations which are managed through the following nine operating
segments: Western and Southern Europe (primarily France, Portugal and Spain); United States (U.S.) Commercial and State
Government; Canada; U.S. Federal; Scandinavia and Central Europe (Germany, Sweden and Norway); United Kingdom (U.K.)
and Australia; Finland, Poland and Baltics; Northwest and Central-East Europe (primarily Netherlands, Denmark and Czech
Republic); and Asia Pacific Global Delivery Centers of Excellence (mainly India and Philippines) (Asia Pacific).

The operating segments reflect the current management structure and the way that the chief operating decision-maker, who is
the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, evaluates the business.

The Company completed the annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2023 and did not identify any
impairment.

The movements in goodwill were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                            Northwest
                                                     Western            U.S.                                                                                      and
                                                         and     Commercial                                   Scandinavia                      Finland,       Central-
                                                    Southern       and State                       U.S.        and Central     U.K. and     Poland and           East         Asia
                                                      Europe     Government          Canada     Federal            Europe      Australia        Baltics       Europe        Pacific       Total
                                                             $                  $         $           $                   $            $                $              $          $           $
As at September 30, 2022                           1,440,019        1,278,176 1,142,148 1,108,267               1,345,346       834,960        567,628        501,307       263,605 8,481,456
Business acquisitions (Note 27)                        21,001               —            —            —                   —          (67)           —              —             —       20,934
Foreign currency translation adjustment                94,710          (19,799)          —      (17,564)           37,970         61,916        37,257         30,822        (3,252)    222,060
As at September 30, 2023                           1,555,730        1,258,377 1,142,148 1,090,703               1,383,316       896,809        604,885        532,129       260,353 8,724,450



Key assumptions in goodwill impairment testing
The key assumptions for the CGUs are disclosed in the following tables for the years ended September 30:
                                                                                                                                                                           Northwest
                                                                   Western                 U.S.                                                                                  and
                                                                       and          Commercial                          Scandinavia                     Finland,             Central-
                                                                  Southern            and State                    U.S. and Central         U.K. and Poland and                 East      Asia
2023                                                                Europe          Government Canada           Federal     Europe          Australia    Baltics             Europe     Pacific
                                                                          %                    %          %          %                %            %              %                %         %
    Pre-tax WACC                                                        11.7              11.9        11.0         10.3             12.1         13.7           12.2            12.1       20.3
    Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1                   2.0                  2.0      2.0          2.0              2.0          2.0            2.0              2.0       2.0


                                                                                                                                                                           Northwest
                                                                    Western                 U.S.                                                                                 and
                                                                        and          Commercial                               Scandinavia                 Finland,          Central-
                                                                   Southern            and State                   U.S.       and Central     U.K. and Poland and               East       Asia
2022                                                                 Europe          Government Canada          Federal           Europe      Australia    Baltics           Europe      Pacific
                                                                           %                   %           %          %                %            %              %               %         %
    Pre-tax WACC                                                        10.0              10.6        10.7          9.2             10.5          10.6           10.7           10.7       19.2
    Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1                    1.8                 2.0      2.0          2.0               2.0          1.9            2.0             1.9       2.0

1
    The long-term growth rate is based on the lower of published industry research growth and 2.0%.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                                                 30
98 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


13. Provisions

                                                                                          Decommissioning
                                                                   Severances1                  liabilities2                   Others3                       Total
                                                                               $                          $                           $                          $
    As at September 30, 2022                                             10,644                     22,930                     17,011                      50,585
    Additional provisions                                                25,839                      1,771                     18,608                      46,218
    Utilized amounts                                                    (30,038)                    (4,337)                   (15,237)                    (49,612)
    Reversals of unused amounts                                          (1,322)                    (1,680)                    (2,634)                     (5,636)
    Discount rate adjustment and imputed
       interest                                                               —                        186                          —                         186
    Foreign currency translation adjustment                                 596                      1,102                        724                       2,422
    As at September 30, 2023                                              5,719                     19,972                     18,472                      44,163
    Current portion                                                       5,719                      3,717                     15,529                      24,965
    Non-current portion                                                      —                      16,255                      2,943                      19,198

1
     See Note 25, Cost optimization program and Note 27d), Investments in subsidiaries.
2
     As at September 30, 2023, the decommissioning liabilities were based on the expected cash flows of $20,573,000 and were discounted at a weighted average
     rate of 0.98%. The timing of settlements of these obligations ranges between one and seventeen years as at September 30, 2023. The reversals of unused
     amounts are mostly due to favourable settlements.
3
     As at September 30, 2023, others included provisions on revenue-generating contracts, litigation and claims as well as onerous supplier contracts, mainly under
     the cost optimization program (Note 25) and acquisition-related and integration costs (Note 27d).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                     31
                                                                                                                               FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 99

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


14. Long-term debt
                                                                                                                               As at                          As at
                                                                                                                  September 30, 2023            September 30, 2022
                                                                                                                                      $                            $
    2014 U.S. Senior unsecured notes repayable, in two tranches, totaling $473,830 (U.S.
      $350,000) in September 20241                                                                                           473,808                       550,177
    2021 U.S. Senior unsecured notes of $812,280 (U.S.$600,000) repayable in September
       2026 and of $541,520 (U.S.$400,000) repayable in September 20312                                                    1,342,714                    1,361,974
    2021 CAD Senior unsecured notes of $600,000 repayable in September 20283                                                 596,550                      595,900
    Unsecured committed term loan credit facility4                                                                           676,886                       687,705
    Other long-term debt                                                                                                       10,363                       71,278
                                                                                                                           3,100,321                    3,267,034
    Current portion                                                                                                        1,158,971                        93,447
                                                                                                                           1,941,350                    3,173,587

1
     As at September 30, 2023, an amount of $473,830,000 was borrowed, less financing fees. The private placement is comprised of two tranches of Senior U.S.
     unsecured notes with a maturity of 1 year and a weighted average interest rate of 4.01% (3.98% in 2022) (2014 U.S. Senior Notes). In September 2023, the
     Company repaid the sixth of the seven yearly scheduled repayments of U.S.$50,000,000 on a tranche of the Senior U.S. unsecured notes for a total amount of
     $67,765,000 and settled the related cross-currency swaps (Note 32). The Senior unsecured notes contain covenants that require the Company to maintain
     certain financial ratios (Note 33). As at September 30, 2023, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
2
     As at September 30, 2023, an amount of $1,353,800,000 was borrowed less financing fees. The 2021 U.S. Senior Notes are comprised of two series of Senior
     U.S. unsecured notes with a weighted average maturity of 5 years and a weighted average interest rate of 1.79%.
3
     As at September 30, 2023, an amount of $600,000,000 was borrowed, less financing fees. The 2021 CAD Senior Notes are due in September 2028, with an
     interest rate of 2.10%.
4
     As at September 30, 2023, an amount of $676,900,000 was borrowed, less financing fees. This facility bears interest based on the 1 month Secured Overnight
     Financing Rate (SOFR) rate, plus a variable margin that is determined based on the Company's leverage ratio. The unsecured committed term loan credit
     facility is due in December 2023, with an interest rate of 6.43%. The unsecured committed term loan credit facility contains covenants that require the Company
     to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 33). As at September 30, 2023, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.

     As a result of the interbank offered rates (IBORs) reform and the related expiry of the USD London Interbank Offered Rate (Libor) rate effective June 30, 2023,
     the Company renegotiated the unsecured committed term loan credit facility and the related cross-currency interest rate swaps (the hedging instruments) both
     expiring in December 2023 to transition to the 1 month Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) rate from the 1 month USD Libor rate. The change in rate
     resulted in no significant impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.



The Company has an unsecured committed revolving credit facility available for an amount of $1,500,000,000 that expires in
November 2027. This facility bears interest at variable reference rate benchmarks, plus a variable margin that is determined
based on the Company's leverage ratio. As at September 30, 2023, there was no amount drawn upon this facility. An amount
of $4,142,000 has been committed against this facility to cover various letters of credit issued for clients and other parties. On
November 6, 2023, the unsecured committed revolving credit facility was extended by one year to November 6, 2028 and can
be further extended. There were no material changes in the terms and conditions including interest rates and banking
covenants. The unsecured committed revolving credit facility contains covenants that require the Company to maintain certain
financial ratios (Note 33). As at September 30, 2023, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                      32
100 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


15. Other long-term liabilities

                                                                                                                     As at                     As at
                                                                                                        September 30, 2023       September 30, 2022
                                                                                                                        $                         $
 Deferred revenue                                                                                                112,370                    90,371
 Deferred compensation plan liabilities (Note 17)                                                                 97,745                    81,452
 Other                                                                                                             33,477                   20,285
                                                                                                                 243,592                   192,108




16. Income taxes
                                                                                                                       Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                       2023                    2022
                                                                                                                             $                    $
Current income tax expense
 Current income tax expense in respect of the current year                                                         697,402                506,608
 Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the income tax expense of prior years                   (21,242)                 1,705
Total current income tax expense                                                                                   676,160                508,313
Deferred income tax recovery
  Deferred income tax (recovery) expense relating to the origination and reversal of temporary
    differences                                                                                                   (119,249)                    359
  Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the deferred income tax recovery of prior
    years                                                                                                            9,753                 (7,855)
Total deferred income tax recovery                                                                                (109,496)                (7,496)
Total income tax expense                                                                                           566,664                500,817


The Company’s effective income tax rate differs from the combined Federal and Provincial Canadian statutory tax rate as
follows:

                                                                                                                       Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                       2023                    2022
                                                                                                                             %                   %
 Company's statutory tax rate                                                                                          26.5                   26.5
 Effect of foreign tax rate differences                                                                                (0.6)                  (1.0)
 Final determination from agreements with tax authorities and expirations of statutes of limitations                   (0.5)                  (0.4)
 Non-deductible and tax exempt items                                                                                    0.1                     —
 Minimum income tax charge                                                                                              0.3                    0.4
 Effective income tax rate                                                                                             25.8                   25.5




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                      33
                                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 101

Notes
Notes to
       to the
           the Consolidated
               Consolidated Financial
                            Financial Statements
                                      Statements
For
 Forthe
     theyears
         yearsended
               endedSeptember
                      September30, 30,2023
                                       2023and
                                            and2022
                                                2022
(tabular
 (tabularamounts
          amountsonly
                  onlyare
                       areininthousands
                               thousandsofofCanadian
                                             Canadiandollars,
                                                      dollars,except
                                                               exceptper
                                                                      pershare
                                                                          sharedata)
                                                                                data)


16.
 16. Income
      Incometaxes
             taxes(continued)
                   (continued)

The
 Thecontinuity
     continuityschedule
                scheduleofofdeferred
                             deferredtax
                                      taxbalances
                                          balancesisisas
                                                       asfollows:
                                                          follows:


                                                               Additions
                                                                 Additions                               Recognized
                                                                                                          Recognized                         Foreign
                                                                                                                                              Foreigncurrency
                                                                                                                                                       currency
                                                     AsAsatat       from
                                                                      from                                  ininother
                                                                                                                 other                             translation
                                                                                                                                                     translation       AsAsatat
                                              September
                                               September30,
                                                          30,   business
                                                                 business          Recognized
                                                                                    Recognizedinin    comprehensive
                                                                                                       comprehensive       Recognized
                                                                                                                            Recognized        adjustment
                                                                                                                                               adjustmentandand September
                                                                                                                                                                 September30,
                                                                                                                                                                            30,
                                                      2022
                                                        2022 acquisitions
                                                              acquisitions             earnings
                                                                                        earnings             income
                                                                                                               income        ininequity
                                                                                                                                  equity                 other
                                                                                                                                                           other        2023
                                                                                                                                                                          2023
                                                          $$              $$                   $$                  $$                 $$                      $$                 $$
Accounts
 Accountspayable
               payableand  andaccrued
                                accrued
  liabilities,
    liabilities,provisions
                 provisionsand andother
                                      other
  long-term
    long-termliabilities
                  liabilities                        40,214
                                                      40,214             ——                4,007
                                                                                            4,007                 ——                 ——                    (548)
                                                                                                                                                             (548)         43,673
                                                                                                                                                                            43,673
Tax
 Taxbenefits
       benefitsononlosses
                       lossescarried
                                carried
  forward
    forward                                          51,963
                                                      51,963             ——                2,928
                                                                                            2,928                 ——                 ——                  1,187
                                                                                                                                                          1,187            56,078
                                                                                                                                                                            56,078
Accrued
 Accruedcompensation
              compensationand    and
  employee-related
    employee-relatedliabilities
                            liabilities              51,136
                                                      51,136             ——               14,531
                                                                                           14,531                 ——              2,623
                                                                                                                                   2,623                   636
                                                                                                                                                            636            68,926
                                                                                                                                                                            68,926
Retirement
 Retirementbenefits
             benefitsobligations
                      obligations                    19,517
                                                      19,517             ——               (5,601)
                                                                                            (5,601)           13,078
                                                                                                               13,078                ——                    249
                                                                                                                                                            249            27,243
                                                                                                                                                                            27,243
Capitalized
 Capitalizedresearch
              researchand
                       and
                11
 development
   development                                                           ——               92,880
                                                                                           92,880                 ——                 ——                      ——            92,880
                                                                                                                                                                            92,880
Lease
 Leaseliabilities
        liabilities                                 171,072
                                                     171,072             ——               (5,750)
                                                                                            (5,750)               ——                 ——                  3,966
                                                                                                                                                          3,966           169,288
                                                                                                                                                                           169,288
PP&E,
 PP&E,contract
        contractcosts,
                 costs,intangible
                         intangible
 assets
  assetsand
         andother
              otherlong-term
                     long-term
 assets
  assets                                           (151,054)
                                                     (151,054)        2,540
                                                                       2,540              23,567
                                                                                           23,567                 ——                 ——                  1,230
                                                                                                                                                          1,230           (123,717)
                                                                                                                                                                            (123,717)
Right-of-use
 Right-of-useassets
              assets                               (132,757)
                                                     (132,757)           ——               (6,709)
                                                                                            (6,709)               ——                 ——                  (3,945)
                                                                                                                                                           (3,945)        (143,411)
                                                                                                                                                                            (143,411)
Work
 Workininprogress
          progress                                  (12,828)
                                                      (12,828)           ——               (1,283)
                                                                                            (1,283)               ——                 ——                    (261)
                                                                                                                                                             (261)         (14,372)
                                                                                                                                                                             (14,372)
Goodwill
 Goodwill                                           (81,617)
                                                      (81,617)           ——               (6,653)
                                                                                            (6,653)               ——                 ——                  1,011
                                                                                                                                                          1,011            (87,259)
                                                                                                                                                                             (87,259)
Refundable
 Refundabletax
             taxcredits
                 creditsonon
 salaries
   salaries                                         (20,049)
                                                      (20,049)           ——               (2,517)
                                                                                            (2,517)               ——                 ——                      (2)
                                                                                                                                                               (2)         (22,568)
                                                                                                                                                                             (22,568)
Cash
 Cashflow
       flowhedges
            hedges                                  (10,398)
                                                      (10,398)           ——                  (55)
                                                                                               (55)            6,445
                                                                                                                6,445                ——                      (2)
                                                                                                                                                               (2)          (4,010)
                                                                                                                                                                              (4,010)
Other
 Other                                                3,190
                                                       3,190             ——                  151
                                                                                              151              9,339
                                                                                                                9,339                ——                  (1,080)
                                                                                                                                                           (1,080)         11,600
                                                                                                                                                                            11,600
Deferred
 Deferredtaxes,
           taxes,net
                  net                               (71,611)
                                                      (71,611)        2,540
                                                                       2,540             109,496
                                                                                          109,496             28,862
                                                                                                               28,862             2,623
                                                                                                                                   2,623                 2,441
                                                                                                                                                          2,441            74,351
                                                                                                                                                                            74,351

11
     As
      Asrequired
         requiredbybythe
                       theU.S.
                           U.S.2017
                                 2017Tax
                                      TaxCuts
                                          Cutsand
                                                andJobs   Act,effective
                                                    JobsAct,   effectiveOctober
                                                                         October1,1,2022,
                                                                                     2022,research
                                                                                           researchand
                                                                                                     anddevelopment
                                                                                                          developmentexpenditures
                                                                                                                      expendituresare
                                                                                                                                   arecapitalized
                                                                                                                                       capitalizedand
                                                                                                                                                   andamortized
                                                                                                                                                       amortizedwhich
                                                                                                                                                                 which
     resulted
      resultedininhigher
                   highercurrent
                          currentax
                                  taxexpense
                                      expensefor
                                               for2023
                                                   2023with
                                                        withan
                                                             anequal
                                                                 equalamount
                                                                        amountofofdeferred
                                                                                   deferredtax
                                                                                             taxrecovery.
                                                                                                 recovery.

                                                                    Additions
                                                                     Additions                           Recognized
                                                                                                          Recognized                         Foreign
                                                                                                                                              Foreigncurrency
                                                                                                                                                       currency
                                                     AsAsatat            from
                                                                           from                             ininother
                                                                                                                 other                             translation
                                                                                                                                                     translation            AsAsatat
                                              September
                                               September30,
                                                          30,       business
                                                                      business     Recognized
                                                                                    Recognizedinin    comprehensive
                                                                                                       comprehensive      Recognized
                                                                                                                           Recognizedinin     adjustment
                                                                                                                                               adjustmentandand      September
                                                                                                                                                                      September30,
                                                                                                                                                                                 30,
                                                      2021
                                                        2021      acquisitions
                                                                   acquisitions        earnings
                                                                                        earnings            income
                                                                                                              income             equity
                                                                                                                                  equity                 other
                                                                                                                                                          other              2022
                                                                                                                                                                               2022
                                                           $$               $$                 $$                  $$                 $$                     $$                  $$
Accounts
 Accountspayable
               payableand  andaccrued
                                accrued
  liabilities,
    liabilities,provisions
                 provisionsand andother
                                      other
  long-term
    long-termliabilities
                  liabilities                        51,156
                                                      51,156           6,986
                                                                        6,986            (20,232)
                                                                                           (20,232)               ——                 ——                 2,304
                                                                                                                                                         2,304              40,214
                                                                                                                                                                             40,214
Tax
 Taxbenefits
       benefitsononlosses
                       lossescarried
                                carried
  forward
    forward                                          43,181
                                                      43,181           1,489
                                                                        1,489              9,450
                                                                                            9,450                 ——                 ——                (2,157)
                                                                                                                                                         (2,157)            51,963
                                                                                                                                                                             51,963
Accrued
 Accruedcompensation
              compensationand    and
  employee-related
    employee-relatedliabilities
                            liabilities              40,108
                                                      40,108             141
                                                                          141             17,724
                                                                                           17,724                 ——             (7,194)
                                                                                                                                   (7,194)                357
                                                                                                                                                           357              51,136
                                                                                                                                                                             51,136
Retirement
 Retirementbenefits
            benefitsobligations
                     obligations                     17,561
                                                      17,561           2,425
                                                                        2,425             (2,082)
                                                                                            (2,082)            1,011
                                                                                                                1,011                ——                   602
                                                                                                                                                           602              19,517
                                                                                                                                                                             19,517
Lease
 Leaseliabilities
        liabilities                                 179,318
                                                     179,318           1,577
                                                                        1,577                252
                                                                                              252                 ——                 ——               (10,075)
                                                                                                                                                        (10,075)           171,072
                                                                                                                                                                            171,072
PP&E,
 PP&E,contract
        contractcosts,
                 costs,intangible
                         intangible
  assets
   assetsand
          andother
               otherlong-term
                      long-term
  assets
   assets                                          (121,309)
                                                     (121,309)       (27,347)
                                                                       (27,347)            5,912
                                                                                            5,912                 ——                 ——                (8,310)
                                                                                                                                                         (8,310)          (151,054)
                                                                                                                                                                            (151,054)
Right-of-use
 Right-of-useassets
              assets                               (134,808)
                                                     (134,808)         (1,405)
                                                                         (1,405)          (6,179)
                                                                                            (6,179)               ——                 ——                 9,635
                                                                                                                                                         9,635            (132,757)
                                                                                                                                                                            (132,757)
Work
 Workininprogress
          progress                                  (22,190)
                                                      (22,190)             ——              9,018
                                                                                            9,018                 ——                 ——                   344
                                                                                                                                                           344             (12,828)
                                                                                                                                                                             (12,828)
Goodwill
 Goodwill                                           (70,845)
                                                      (70,845)             ——             (5,619)
                                                                                            (5,619)               ——                 ——                (5,153)
                                                                                                                                                         (5,153)           (81,617)
                                                                                                                                                                             (81,617)
Refundable
 Refundabletax
             taxcredits
                 creditsonon
 salaries
   salaries                                         (19,673)
                                                      (19,673)             ——               (376)
                                                                                              (376)               ——                 ——                     ——             (20,049)
                                                                                                                                                                             (20,049)
Cash
 Cashflow
       flowhedges
            hedges                                    (5,626)
                                                        (5,626)            ——              4,333
                                                                                            4,333             (9,146)
                                                                                                                (9,146)              ——                    4141            (10,398)
                                                                                                                                                                             (10,398)
Other
 Other                                                7,447
                                                       7,447             180
                                                                          180             (4,705)
                                                                                            (4,705)             (223)
                                                                                                                  (223)              ——                   491
                                                                                                                                                           491               3,190
                                                                                                                                                                              3,190
Deferred
 Deferredtaxes,
           taxes,net
                  net                               (35,680)
                                                      (35,680)       (15,954)
                                                                       (15,954)            7,496
                                                                                            7,496             (8,358)
                                                                                                                (8,358)          (7,194)
                                                                                                                                   (7,194)            (11,921)
                                                                                                                                                        (11,921)           (71,611)
                                                                                                                                                                             (71,611)




CGI
 CGInc.
     Inc.––Consolidated
            ConsolidatedFinancial
                         FinancialStatements
                                   Statementsfor
                                               forthe
                                                    theyears
                                                        yearsended
                                                              endedSeptember
                                                                    September30,
                                                                              30,2023
                                                                                  2023and
                                                                                       and2022
                                                                                           2022                                                                                   34
                                                                                                                                                                                   34
102 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16. Income taxes (continued)

The deferred tax balances are presented as follows in the consolidated balance sheets:
                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2023   September 30, 2022
                                                                                                               $                     $
 Deferred tax assets                                                                                    105,432                85,795
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                               (31,081)             (157,406)
                                                                                                         74,351               (71,611)


As at September 30, 2023, the Company had $279,918,000 ($258,244,000 as at September 30, 2022) in operating tax losses
carried forward, of which $104,113,000 ($110,918,000 as at September 30, 2022) expire at various dates from 2029 to 2043
and $175,805,000 ($147,326,000 as at September 30, 2022) have no expiry dates. As at September 30, 2023, a deferred
income tax asset of $49,742,000 ($46,893,000 as at September 30, 2022) has been recognized on $187,865,000
($179,329,000 as at September 30, 2022) of these losses. The deferred income tax assets are recognized only to the extent
that it is probable that taxable income will be available against which the unused tax losses can be utilized. As at
September 30, 2023, the Company had $7,314,000 ($12,450,000 as at September 30, 2022) of unrecognized operating tax
losses that will expire at various dates from 2029 to 2032 and $84,739,000 ($66,466,000 as at September 30, 2022) that have
no expiry date.

As at September 30, 2023, the Company had $424,736,000 ($421,218,000 as at September 30, 2022) in non-operating tax
losses carried forward that have no expiry dates. As at September 30, 2023, a deferred income tax asset of $6,336,000
($5,070,000 as at September 30, 2022) has been recognized on $24,806,000 ($20,295,000 as at September 30, 2022) of
these losses. As at September 30, 2023, the Company had $399,930,000 ($400,923,000 as at September 30, 2022) of
unrecognized non-operating tax losses.

As at September 30, 2023, the Company had $1,365,975,000 ($907,578,000 as at September 30, 2022) of cash and cash
equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries. The tax implications of the repatriation of cash and cash equivalents not considered
indefinitely reinvested have been accounted for and will not materially affect the Company’s liquidity. In addition, the Company
has not recorded deferred tax liabilities on undistributed earnings of $8,262,337,000 ($7,100,148,000 as at September 30,
2022) coming from its foreign subsidiaries as they are considered indefinitely reinvested. Upon distribution of these earnings in
the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company may be subject to taxation.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                         35
                                                                                                  FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 103

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits

The Company operates various post-employment plans, including defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans as
well as other benefit plans for its employees.

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
The Company operates defined benefit pension plans primarily for the benefit of employees in the U.K., France and Germany,
with smaller plans in other countries. The benefits are based on pensionable salary and years of service and most of them are
funded with assets held in separate funds.
The defined benefit plans expose the Company to interest risk, inflation risk, longevity risk, currency risk and market
investment risk.
The following description focuses mainly on plans registered in the U.K., France and Germany:
U.K.
In the U.K., the Company has three defined benefit pension plans, the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme, the Logica U.K. Pension &
Life Assurance Scheme and the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan.
The CMG U.K. Pension Scheme is closed to new employees and is closed to further accrual of rights for existing employees.
The Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme is still open but only for employees who come from the civil service with
protected pensions. The Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan was created to mirror the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme
and was created for employees that worked for National Grid and Welsh Water with protected benefits.
Both the Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme and the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan are employer and
employee based contribution plans.
The trustees are the custodians of the defined benefit pension plans and are responsible for the plan administration, including
investment strategies. The trustees review periodically the investment and the asset allocation policies. As such, the CMG U.K.
Pension Scheme policy is to target an allocation up to a maximum of 65% to return-seeking assets such as equities; the
Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme policy is to invest 15% of the scheme assets in equities and 85% in bonds; and
the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan policy is to invest 10% of the plan assets in equities and 90% in bonds.
The U.K. Pensions Act 2004 requires that full formal actuarial valuations are carried out at least every three years to determine
the contributions that the Company should pay in order for the plan to meet its statutory objective, taking into account the
assets already held. In the interim years, the trustees need to obtain estimated funding updates unless the scheme has less
than 100 employees in total.
The latest funding actuarial valuations of the three defined benefit pension plans described above were being performed as at
September 30, 2021 and the results were finalized during the year ended September 30, 2022 with the following
recommendations:
     –     The actuarial valuation of the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme reported a surplus of $34,707,000. It specified that no
           supplementary contributions were required in order to reach the plan funding objectives. Since January 1, 2022, the
           Company did not contribute to the plan; and

     –     The actuarial valuation of the Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme reported a surplus of $85,000. It
           specified that no supplementary contributions were required in order to reach the plan funding objectives. During
           fiscal 2023, the Company contributed an amount of $339,000 to cover service costs; and

     –    The actuarial valuation of the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan reported a surplus of $17,819,000. It specified that
          no supplementary contributions were required in order to reach the plan funding objectives. Since November 30,
          2019, the Company did not contribute to the plan.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                     36
104 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

France
In France, the retirement indemnities are provided in accordance with the Labour Code. Upon retirement, employees receive
an indemnity, depending on the salary and seniority in the Company, in the form of a lump-sum payment.

Germany
In Germany, the Company has numerous defined benefit pension plans which are all closed to new employees. In the majority
of the plans, upon retirement of employees, the benefits are in the form of a monthly pension and in a few plans, the
employees receive an indemnity in the form of a lump-sum payment. There are no mandatory funding requirements. The plans
are funded by the contributions made by the Company. In some plans, insurance policies are taken out to fund retirement
benefit plans. These do not qualify as plan assets and are presented as reimbursement rights, unless they are part of a
reinsured support fund or are pledged to the employees.
The following tables present amounts for post-employment benefits plans included in the consolidated balance sheets:


As at September 30, 2023                                                        U.K.            France    Germany      Other        Total
                                                                                   $                 $          $          $           $
 Defined benefit obligations                                              (535,633)            (78,612)   (67,706)   (92,703)   (774,654)
 Fair value of plan assets                                                 536,226                  —      11,747     64,138     612,111
                                                                               593             (78,612)   (55,959)   (28,565)   (162,543)
 Fair value of reimbursement rights                                             —                   —      19,082        376      19,458
 Net asset (liability) recognized in the balance sheet                          593            (78,612)   (36,877)   (28,189)   (143,085)

 Presented as:
 Other long-term assets (Note 10)
  Insurance contracts held to fund defined
    benefit pension and life assurance
    arrangements - reimbursement rights                                           —                 —      19,082       376      19,458
  Retirement benefits assets                                                    593                 —          —        243         836
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                  —            (78,612)   (55,959)   (28,808)   (163,379)
                                                                                593            (78,612)   (36,877)   (28,189)   (143,085)




As at September 30, 2022                                                        U.K.            France    Germany      Other        Total

                                                                                   $                 $          $          $           $

 Defined benefit obligations                                              (525,262)            (77,477)   (61,420)   (85,784)   (749,943)
 Fair value of plan assets                                                 571,909                  —      11,028     59,032     641,969
                                                                            46,647             (77,477)   (50,392)   (26,752)   (107,974)
 Fair value of reimbursement rights                                             —                   —      18,495        382      18,877
 Net asset (liability) recognized in the balance sheet                       46,647            (77,477)   (31,897)   (26,370)    (89,097)

 Presented as:
 Other long-term assets (Note 10)
  Insurance contracts held to fund defined
    benefit pension and life assurance
    arrangements - reimbursement rights                                           —                 —      18,495       382      18,877
  Retirement benefits assets                                                 46,647                 —          —        424      47,071
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                  —            (77,477)   (50,392)   (27,176)   (155,045)
                                                                             46,647            (77,477)   (31,897)   (26,370)    (89,097)




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                           37
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 105

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

    Defined benefit obligations                                              U.K.              France   Germany           Other         Total
                                                                                $                  $          $               $            $

    As at September 30, 2022                                            525,262            77,477        61,420         85,784      749,943
     Current service cost                                                    997               6,106       379           6,251       13,733
     Interest cost                                                       27,445                3,093      2,600          4,414       37,552
     Past service cost                                                       —                  (288)        —              —          (288)
     Actuarial (gains) losses due to change in
      financial assumptions1                                            (54,598)           (4,575)          65           (1,581)     (60,689)
     Actuarial (gains) losses due to change in
      demographic assumptions1                                          (12,077)                  88         —                2      (11,987)
     Actuarial losses (gains) due to experience1                         33,349            (6,035)        2,571          3,496       33,381
     Plan participant contributions                                          76                —             —             170          246
     Benefits paid from the plan                                        (26,527)                  —        (229)         (4,359)     (31,115)
     Benefits paid directly by employer                                       —            (2,565)       (2,992)          (747)       (6,304)
     Foreign currency translation adjustment1                            41,706                5,311      3,892           (727)      50,182
    As at September 30, 2023                                            535,633            78,612        67,706         92,703      774,654
     Defined benefit obligations of unfunded
     plans                                                                    —            78,612            —          18,132       96,744
     Defined benefit obligations of funded plans                        535,633                   —      67,706         74,571      677,910
    As at September 30, 2023                                            535,633            78,612        67,706         92,703      774,654




    Defined benefit obligations                                              U.K.              France   Germany           Other         Total
                                                                                $                  $          $               $            $

    As at September 30, 2021                                            881,008            77,006        94,381        108,561     1,160,956
    Current service cost                                                   1,114               5,673       531           5,735       13,053
    Interest cost                                                        16,877               740          768           2,969       21,354
    Business acquisitions (Note 27c)                                         —             10,192           —               —        10,192
     Actuarial gains due to change in financial
      assumptions1                                                     (285,653)          (20,586)      (25,735)        (10,104)    (342,078)
     Actuarial losses (gains) due to change in
      demographic assumptions1                                             7,882                 921         —            (520)        8,283
     Actuarial losses due to experience1                                   4,081           12,112         2,214          4,682       23,089
     Plan participant contributions                                           80                  —          —             186          266
     Benefits paid from the plan                                        (24,018)                (622)      (647)         (6,421)     (31,708)
     Benefits paid directly by employer                                       —            (1,318)       (2,848)          (866)       (5,032)
     Foreign currency translation adjustment1                           (76,109)           (6,641)       (7,244)         (6,444)     (96,438)
     Other                                                                    —                   —          —          (11,994)     (11,994)
    As at September 30, 2022                                            525,262            77,477        61,420         85,784      749,943
     Defined benefit obligations of unfunded
     plans                                                                    —            77,477            —          18,829       96,306
    Defined benefit obligations of funded plans                         525,262                   —      61,420         66,955      653,637
    As at September 30, 2022                                            525,262            77,477        61,420         85,784      749,943
1
     Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                               38
106 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)

    Plan assets and reimbursement rights                                     U.K.              France   Germany     Other         Total
                                                                                $                  $          $         $            $
    As at September 30, 2022                                            571,909                   —      29,523    59,414     660,846
    Interest income on plan assets                                       29,902                   —       1,283     3,370      34,555
    Employer contributions                                                   339               2,565      2,983     6,744      12,631
    Return on assets excluding interest income1                         (84,003)                  —      (1,668)      (12)     (85,683)
    Plan participant contributions                                            76                  —          —       170          246
    Benefits paid from the plan                                         (26,527)                  —        (229)   (4,359)     (31,115)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                                        —            (2,565)       (2,992)     (747)      (6,304)
    Administration expenses paid from the plan                            (1,779)                 —          —         (5)      (1,784)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment1                             46,309                   —       1,929       (61)     48,177
    As at September 30, 2023                                            536,226                   —      30,829    64,514     631,569
    Plan assets                                                         536,226                   —      11,747    64,138     612,111
    Reimbursement rights                                                      —                   —      19,082      376       19,458
    As at September 30, 2023                                            536,226                   —      30,829    64,514     631,569

    Plan assets and reimbursement rights                                     U.K.              France   Germany     Other         Total
                                                                                $                  $          $         $            $
    As at September 30, 2021                                            986,359                  661     33,057    63,869    1,083,946
    Interest income on plan assets                                       18,901                   —        274      2,128      21,303
    Employer contributions                                                 1,007               1,318      2,638     4,449        9,412
    Return on assets excluding interest income1                        (324,003)                  —        (214)   (1,003)    (325,220)
    Plan participant contributions                                            80                  —          —       578          658
    Benefits paid from the plan                                         (24,018)                (622)      (647)   (6,421)     (31,708)
    Benefits paid directly by employer                                        —            (1,318)       (2,848)     (866)      (5,032)
    Administration expenses paid from the plan                            (1,568)                 —          —         (7)      (1,575)
    Foreign currency translation adjustment1                            (84,849)                 (39)    (2,737)   (3,313)     (90,938)
    As at September 30, 2022                                            571,909                   —      29,523    59,414     660,846
    Plan assets                                                         571,909                   —      11,028    59,032     641,969
    Reimbursement rights                                                      —                   —      18,495      382       18,877
    As at September 30, 2022                                            571,909                   —      29,523    59,414     660,846
1
     Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                         39
                                                                                                                           FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 107

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The plan assets at the end of the years consist of:

As at September 30, 2023                                                                  U.K.             Germany                   Other                Total
                                                                                             $                     $                        $                 $
    Quoted equities                                                                  205,130                    —                      —              205,130
    Quoted bonds                                                                     139,584                    —                      —              139,584
    Cash                                                                               5,566                    —                      76               5,642
    Other1                                                                           185,946                11,747                 64,062             261,755
                                                                                     536,226                11,747                 64,138             612,111

As at September 30, 2022                                                                  U.K.             Germany                   Other                 Total
                                                                                             $                     $                        $                 $
    Quoted equities                                                                  196,611                    —                      —              196,611
    Quoted bonds                                                                     102,658                    —                      —              102,658
    Cash                                                                             143,312                    —                      65             143,377
    Other1                                                                           129,328                11,028                 58,967             199,323
                                                                                     571,909                11,028                 59,032             641,969

1
     Other is mainly composed of quoted investment funds and various insurance policies to cover some of the defined benefit obligations.

Plan assets do not include any shares of the Company, property occupied by the Company or any other assets used by the
Company.
The following table summarizes the expense1 recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings:

                                                                                                                                      Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                                                            $                  $
    Current service cost                                                                                                            13,734              13,053
    Past service cost                                                                                                                 (288)                 —
    Net interest on net defined benefit obligations or assets                                                                        2,998                  51
    Administration expenses                                                                                                          1,784               1,575
                                                                                                                                    18,228              14,679

1
     The expense was presented as costs of services, selling and administrative for an amount of $13,446,000 and as net finance costs for an amount of $4,782,000
     (Note 26) ($13,053,000 and $1,626,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2022).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                  40
108 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
Actuarial assumptions
The following are the principal actuarial assumptions calculated as weighted averages of the defined benefit obligations. The
assumed discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality all have a significant effect on the
accounting valuation.

As at September 30, 2023                                                                 KU.           France   Germany                Other
                                                                                                 %         %            %                 %

 Discount rate                                                                                 5.60     4.20       4.06                 5.62
 Future salary increases                                                                       0.33     4.15       2.50                 2.76
 Future pension increases                                                                      3.20       —        2.10                 0.29
 Inflation rate                                                                                3.39     2.10       2.00                 3.46


As at September 30, 2022                                                                        U.K.   France   Germany                 Other
                                                                                                 %         %            %                 %

 Discount rate                                                                                 4.95     3.75       4.07                 5.43
 Future salary increases                                                                       0.35     3.77       2.50                 2.64
 Future pension increases                                                                      3.30       —        2.10                 0.42
 Inflation rate                                                                                3.60     2.20       2.00                 3.44

The average longevity over 65 of an employee presently at age 45 and 65 are as follows:

As at September 30, 2023                                                                                         U.K.                Germany
                                                                                                                        (in years)
 Longevity at age 65 for current employees
    Males                                                                                                       22.0                    21.0
    Females                                                                                                     23.8                    24.0
 Longevity at age 45 for current employees
    Males                                                                                                       23.4                    24.0
    Females                                                                                                     25.3                    26.0

As at September 30, 2022                                                                                         U.K.                Germany
                                                                                                                        (in years)
 Longevity at age 65 for current employees
    Males                                                                                                       22.0                    21.0
    Females                                                                                                     23.8                    24.0
 Longevity at age 45 for current employees
    Males                                                                                                       23.3                    23.0
    Females                                                                                                     25.3                    26.0




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                              41
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 109

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
Actuarial assumptions (continued)
Assumptions regarding future mortality are set based on actuarial advice in accordance with published statistics and
experience in each country. Mortality assumptions for the most significant countries are based on the following post-retirement
mortality tables for the year ended September 30, 2023: (1) U.K.: 100% S2PxA (year of birth) plus CMI_2020 projections with
1.25% p.a. minimum long term improvement rate, (2) Germany: Heubeck RT2018G and (3) France: INSEE TVTD 2017-2019.
The following tables show the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to changes in the principal actuarial assumptions:

As at September 30, 2023                                                                          U.K.          France             Germany
                                                                                                     $                 $                     $
 Increase of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                        (15,631)         (2,370)                 (1,596)
 Decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                         16,416           2,473                   1,663
 Salary increase of 0.25%                                                                          137           2,572                      23
 Salary decrease of 0.25%                                                                         (132)         (2,474)                    (21)
 Pension increase of 0.25%                                                                       8,713              —                      834
 Pension decrease of 0.25%                                                                      (8,503)             —                     (805)
 Increase of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                            12,348           5,660                     834
 Decrease of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                           (11,948)         (5,110)                   (805)
 Increase of one year in life expectancy                                                        12,614             943                   1,702
 Decrease of one year in life expectancy                                                       (12,801)         (1,258)                 (1,530)

As at September 30, 2022                                                                          U.K.          France              Germany
                                                                                                     $                 $                     $
 Increase of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                        (19,249)         (2,294)                 (1,512)
 Decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                         20,234           2,500                   1,578
 Salary increase of 0.25%                                                                          193           2,584                      20
 Salary decrease of 0.25%                                                                         (188)         (2,388)                    (19)
 Pension increase of 0.25%                                                                      13,324              —                      774
 Pension decrease of 0.25%                                                                     (12,614)             —                     (747)
 Increase of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                            21,301           2,584                     774
 Decrease of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                           (16,005)         (2,388)                   (747)
 Increase of one year in life expectancy                                                        12,957             281                   1,511
 Decrease of one year in life expectancy                                                       (13,093)           (320)                 (1,360)

The sensitivity analysis above has been based on a method that extrapolates the impact on the defined benefit obligations as
a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the year.
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                                                Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                2023                      2022
                                                                                                                           (in years)
 U.K.                                                                                                             13                        15
 France                                                                                                           13                        13
 Germany                                                                                                          10                        11
 Other                                                                                                             9                        10




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                 42
110 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Employee benefits (continued)

DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The Company expects to contribute $7,574,000 to defined benefit plans during the next year, of which $377,000 relates to the
U.K. plans, and $7,197,000 relates to the other plans. The contributions will include new benefit accruals.

DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
The Company also operates defined contribution pension plans. In some countries, contributions are made into the state
pension plans. The pension cost for defined contribution plans amounted to $282,284,000 in 2023 ($241,405,000 in 2022).
In addition, in Sweden, the Company contributes to a multi-employer plan, Alecta SE (Alecta) pension plan, which is a defined
benefit pension plan. This pension plan is classified as a defined contribution plan as sufficient information is not available to
use defined benefit accounting. Alecta lacks the possibility of establishing an exact distribution of assets and provisions to the
respective employers. The Company’s proportion of the total contributions to the plan is 0.57% and the Company’s proportion
of the total number of active employees in the plan is 0.48%.
Alecta uses a collective funding ratio to determine the surplus or deficit in the pension plan. Any surplus or deficit in the plan
will affect the amount of future contributions payable. The collective funding is the difference between Alecta’s assets and the
commitments to the policy holders and insured individuals. The collective funding ratio is normally allowed to vary between
125% and 175%. As at September 30, 2023, Alecta collective funding ratio was 178% (189% in 2022). The plan expense was
$25,311,000 in 2023 ($28,868,000 in 2022). The Company expects to contribute $14,867,000 to the plan during the next year.

OTHER BENEFIT PLANS
As at September 30, 2023, the deferred compensation liability totaled $97,745,000 ($81,452,000 as at September 30, 2022)
(Note 15) and the deferred compensation assets totaled $88,076,000 ($71,863,000 as at September 30, 2022) (Note 11). The
deferred compensation liability is mainly related to plans covering some of its U.S. management. Some of the plans include
assets that will be used to fund the liabilities.
For the deferred compensation plan in the U.S., a trust was established so that the plan assets could be segregated; however,
the assets are subject to the Company’s general creditors in the case of bankruptcy. The assets composed of investments vary
with employees’ contributions and changes in the value of the investments. The change in liabilities associated with the plan is
equal to the change of the assets. The assets in the trust and the associated liabilities totaled $88,076,000 as at
September 30, 2023 ($71,863,000 as at September 30, 2022).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                    43
                                                                                                       FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 111

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


18. Accumulated other comprehensive income


                                                                                                               As at                 As at
                                                                                                  September 30, 2023   September 30, 2022
                                                                                                                  $                     $
 Items that will be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
   Net unrealized gains on translating financial statements of foreign operations, net of
    accumulated income tax expense of $44,867 ($45,419 as at September 30, 2022)                           534,321               291,532
   Net losses on cross-currency swaps and on translating long-term debt designated as hedges of
    net investments in foreign operations, net of accumulated income tax recovery of $49,991
    ($43,936 as at September 30, 2022)                                                                     (325,649)            (271,690)
   Deferred gains of hedging on cross-currency swaps, net of accumulated income tax expense of
    $1,754 ($4,664 as at September 30, 2022)                                                                 13,541               28,274
   Net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges, net of accumulated income tax expense of $3,953
    ($10,398 as at September 30, 2022)                                                                       11,524               30,274
   Net unrealized losses on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income,
    net of accumulated income tax recovery of $1,189 (net of accumulated income tax expense
    of $1,367 as at September 30, 2022)                                                                      (3,412)              (4,072)
 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
   Net remeasurement losses on defined benefit plans, net of accumulated income tax recovery
    of $25,173 ($12,095 as at September 30, 2022)                                                           (71,350)             (34,572)
                                                                                                           158,975                39,746

For the year ended September 30, 2023, $17,937,000 of the net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges, net of income tax
expense of $6,278,000, previously recognized in other comprehensive income were reclassified in the consolidated
statements of earnings ($4,151,000 and $998,000, respectively, were reclassified for the year ended September 30, 2022).
For the year ended September 30, 2023, $12,244,000 of the deferred gains of hedging on cross-currency swaps, net of
income tax expense of $1,870,000, were also reclassified in the consolidated statements of earnings ($10,746,000 and
$3,876,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2022).



19. Capital stock

The Company's authorized share capital is comprised of an unlimited number, all without par value, of:
     –     First preferred shares, issuable in series, carrying one vote per share, each series ranking equal with other series, but
           prior to second preferred shares, Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares with respect
           to the payment of dividends;
     –     Second preferred shares, issuable in series, non-voting, each series ranking equal with other series, but prior to
           Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares with respect to the payment of dividends;
     –     Class A subordinate voting shares, carrying one vote per share, participating equally with Class B multiple voting
           shares with respect to the payment of dividends and convertible into Class B multiple voting shares under certain
           conditions in the event of certain takeover bids on Class B multiple voting shares; and
     –     Class B multiple voting shares, carrying ten votes per share, participating equally with Class A subordinate voting
           shares with respect to the payment of dividends and convertible at any time at the option of the holder into Class A
           subordinate voting shares.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                            44
112 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19. Capital stock (continued)

For the fiscal years 2023 and 2022, the number of issued and outstanding Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B
multiple voting shares varied as follows:


                                                      Class A subordinate voting shares      Class B multiple voting shares                                Total
                                                                 Number Carrying value             Number Carrying value              Number Carrying value
                                                                                         $                                  $                                  $
As at September 30, 2021                                   219,171,329         1,595,811       26,445,706            36,894     245,617,035         1,632,705
Release of shares held in trusts1                                   —             15,821               —                 —               —             15,821
Purchased and held in trusts1                                       —            (70,303)              —                 —               —            (70,303)
Issued upon exercise of stock options2                         941,059            50,236               —                 —          941,059            50,236
Purchased and cancelled3                                    (8,809,839)         (134,409)              —                 —       (8,809,839)         (134,409)
Purchased and not cancelled3                                        —               (881)              —                 —               —               (881)
As at September 30, 2022                                   211,302,549         1,456,275       26,445,706            36,894     237,748,255         1,493,169
Release of shares held in trusts1                                   —             13,680               —                 —               —             13,680
Purchased and held in trusts1                                       —            (74,455)              —                 —               —            (74,455)
Issued upon exercise of stock options2                       1,646,044           106,051               —                 —        1,646,044           106,051
Purchased and cancelled3                                    (6,234,096)          (61,265)              —                 —       (6,234,096)          (61,265)

As at September 30, 2023                                   206,714,497         1,440,286       26,445,706            36,894     233,160,203         1,477,180

1
        During the year ended September 30, 2023, 172,018 shares held in trust were released (235,441 during the year ended September 30, 2022) with a recorded
        value of $13,680,000 ($15,821,000 during the year ended September 30, 2022) that was removed from contributed surplus.
        During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company settled the withholding tax obligations of the employees under the performance share units (PSU)
        plans for a cash payment of $13,879,000 (nil during the year ended September 30, 2022).
        During the year ended September 30, 2023, the trustees, in accordance with the terms of the PSU plans and Trust Agreements, purchased 640,052 Class A
        subordinate voting shares of the Company on the open market (643,629 during the year ended September 30, 2022) for a cash consideration of $74,455,000
        ($70,303,000 during the year ended September 30, 2022).
        As at September 30, 2023, 2,309,743 Class A subordinate voting shares were held in trusts under the PSU plans (1,841,709 as at September 30, 2022).
2
        The carrying value of Class A subordinate voting shares includes $17,735,000 ($8,549,000 during the year ended September 30, 2022), which corresponds to a
        reduction in contributed surplus representing the value of accumulated compensation costs associated with the stock options exercised during the year ended
        September 30, 2023.
3
        On January 31, 2023, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized and subsequently received regulatory approval from the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), for
        the renewal of the Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) for the purchase for cancellation of up to 18,769,394 Class A subordinate voting shares on the open market
        through the TSX, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and/or alternative trading systems or otherwise pursuant to exemption orders issued by securities
        regulators. The Class A subordinate voting shares are available for purchase for cancellation commencing on February 6, 2023, until no later than February 5,
        2024, or on such earlier date when the Company has either acquired the maximum number of Class A subordinate voting shares allowable under the NCIB or
        elects to terminate the bid.
        During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company purchased for cancellation 2,857,550 Class A subordinate voting shares (3,866,171 during the year
        ended September 30, 2022) under its current NCIB for a cash consideration of $386,906,000 ($408,656,000 during the year ended September 30, 2022) and
        the excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $363,747,000 ($378,340,000 during the year ended September 30, 2022) was
        charged to retained earnings. Of the purchased Class A subordinate voting shares, 68,550 shares with a carrying value of $558,000 and a purchase value of
        $9,177,000 were held by the Company and were paid and cancelled subsequent to September 30, 2023.
        In addition, during the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company purchased for cancellation 3,344,996 Class A subordinate voting shares from the Caisse
        de dépôt et placement du Québec for a total cash consideration of $400,000,000 (4,907,073 and $500,000,000, respectively during the year ended
        September 30, 2022). The excess of the purchase price over the carrying value in the amount of $361,791,000 was charged to retained earnings ($395,026,000
        during the year ended September 30, 2022). The purchase was made pursuant to an exemption order issued by the Autorité des marchés financiers and is
        considered within the annual aggregate limit that the Company is entitled to purchase under its current NCIB.
    1
        During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company also paid for and cancelled 100,100 Class A subordinate voting shares under its previous NCIB, with
        a carrying value of $778,000 and for a total cash consideration of $10,291,000, which were purchased, or committed to be purchased, but not cancelled as at
        September 30, 2022.
    1




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                       45
                                                                                                                     FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 113

Notes
Notes to
      to the
         the Consolidated
             Consolidated Financial
                          Financial Statements
                                    Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


20.
20. Share-based
    Share-based payments
                payments
a)      Performance share units
a)      Performance share units
The Company operates two PSU plans with similar terms and conditions. Under both plans, the Board of Directors may grant
The Company operates two PSU plans with similar terms and conditions. Under both plans, the Board of Directors may grant
PSUs to certain employees and officers which entitle them to receive one Class A subordinate voting share for each PSU. The
PSUs to certain employees and officers which entitle them to receive one Class A subordinate voting share for each PSU. The
vesting performance conditions are determined by the Board of Directors at the time of each grant. PSUs expire on the
vesting performance conditions are determined by the Board of Directors at the time of each grant. PSUs expire on the
business day preceding December 31 of the third calendar year following the end of the fiscal year during which the PSU
business day preceding December 31 of the third calendar year following the end of the fiscal year during which the PSU
award was made, except in the event of retirement, termination of employment or death. Conditionally upon achievement of
award was made, except in the event of retirement, termination of employment or death. Conditionally upon achievement of
performance objectives, granted PSUs under the second plan vest at the end of the four-year period while granted PSUs
performance objectives, granted PSUs under the second plan vest at the end of the four-year period while granted PSUs
under the first plan vest annually over a period of four years from the date of the grant.
under the first plan vest annually over a period of four years from the date of the grant.
Class A subordinate voting shares purchased in connection with the PSU plans are held in trusts for the benefit of the
Class A subordinate voting shares purchased in connection with the PSU plans are held in trusts for the benefit of the
participants. The trusts, considered as structured entities, are consolidated in the Company’s consolidated financial statements
participants. The trusts, considered as structured entities, are consolidated in the Company’s consolidated financial statements
with the cost of the purchased shares recorded as a reduction of capital stock (Note 19).
with the cost of the purchased shares recorded as a reduction of capital stock (Note 19).
The following table presents information concerning the number of outstanding PSUs granted by the Company:
The following table presents information concerning the number of outstanding PSUs granted by the Company:
 Outstanding as at September 30, 2021                                                                                                       1,416,203
 Outstanding as at September 30, 2021                                                                                                       1,416,203
 Granted11                                                                                                                                    805,699
 Granted                                                                                                                                      805,699
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                                                                                         (237,294)
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                                                                                         (237,294)
 Forfeited                                                                                                                                   (175,017)
 Forfeited                                                                                                                                   (175,017)
 Outstanding as at September 30, 2022                                                                                                       1,809,591
 Outstanding as at September 30, 2022                                                                                                       1,809,591
 Granted11                                                                                                                                    899,511
 Granted                                                                                                                                      899,511
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                                                                                         (294,203)
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                                                                                         (294,203)
 Forfeited                                                                                                                                   (162,449)
 Forfeited                                                                                                                                   (162,449)
 Outstanding as at September 30, 2023                                                                                                       2,252,450
 Outstanding as at September 30, 2023                                                                                                       2,252,450
1
1   The PSUs granted in 2023 had a weighted average grant date fair value of $112.49 per unit ($109.07 in 2022).
    The PSUs granted in 2023 had a weighted average grant date fair value of $112.49 per unit ($109.07 in 2022).

b)      Stock options
b)      Stock options
Under the Company’s stock option plan, the Board of Directors may grant, at its discretion, stock options to purchase Class A
Under the Company’s stock option plan, the Board of Directors may grant, at its discretion, stock options to purchase Class A
subordinate voting shares to certain employees, officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price
subordinate voting shares to certain employees, officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price
is established by the Board of Directors and is equal to the closing price of the Class A subordinate voting shares on the TSX
is established by the Board of Directors and is equal to the closing price of the Class A subordinate voting shares on the TSX
on the day preceding the date of the grant. Stock options generally vest over four years from the date of grant conditionally
on the day preceding the date of the grant. Stock options generally vest over four years from the date of grant conditionally
upon achievement of performance objectives and must be exercised within a ten-year period, except in the event of retirement,
upon achievement of performance objectives and must be exercised within a ten-year period, except in the event of retirement,
termination of employment or death. As at September 30, 2023, 15,353,015 Class A subordinate voting shares were reserved
termination of employment or death. As at September 30, 2023, 15,353,015 Class A subordinate voting shares were reserved
for issuance under the stock option plan.
for issuance under the stock option plan.
The following table presents information concerning the outstanding stock options granted by the Company:
The following table presents information concerning the outstanding stock options granted by the Company:
                                                                                                            2023                                    2022
                                                                                                            2023                                    2022
                                                                                                       Weighted                                Weighted
                                                                                               averageWeighted
                                                                                                        exercise                       averageWeighted
                                                                                                                                                exercise
                                                                     Number of options         average  exercise
                                                                                                 price per share   Number of options   average  exercise
                                                                                                                                         price per share
                                                                     Number of options           price per share   Number of options     price per share
                                                                                                               $                                       $
                                                                                                               $                                       $
 Outstanding, beginning of year                                              6,882,845                    66.36          8,012,077              64.49
 Outstanding, beginning of year                                              6,882,845                    66.36          8,012,077              64.49
 Granted                                                                            —                        —              11,940             110.10
 Granted                                                                            —                        —              11,940             110.10
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                        (1,646,044)                   53.65           (941,059)             44.30
 Exercised (Note 19)                                                        (1,646,044)                   53.65           (941,059)             44.30
 Forfeited                                                                     (23,626)                   99.78           (188,130)             97.55
 Forfeited                                                                     (23,626)                   99.78           (188,130)             97.55
 Expired                                                                        (1,703)                  102.70            (11,983)            104.36
 Expired                                                                        (1,703)                  102.70            (11,983)            104.36
 Outstanding, end of year                                                    5,211,472                    70.21          6,882,845              66.36
 Outstanding, end of year                                                    5,211,472                    70.21          6,882,845              66.36
 Exercisable, end of year                                                    4,772,088                    67.46          5,837,921              61.02
 Exercisable, end of year                                                    4,772,088                    67.46          5,837,921              61.02
The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for stock options exercised in 2023 was $123.25 ($107.09 in 2022).
The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for stock options exercised in 2023 was $123.25 ($107.09 in 2022).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                          46
CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                          46
114 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


20. Share-based payments (continued)

b)        Stock options (continued)

The following table summarizes information about the outstanding stock options granted by the Company as at September 30,
2023:
                                                                                                      Options outstanding                   Options exercisable

                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                                average          Weighted                          Weighted
                                                          Range of         Number of          remaining            average           Number of       average
                                                     exercise price          options     contractual life    exercise price            options exercise price
                                                                  $                            (in years)                  $                                    $
                                                   34.68 to 41.63            550,083                0.90             38.36             550,083            38.36
                                                   47.36 to 52.63            590,495                1.98             48.39             590,495            48.39
                                                   55.51 to 63.23          2,052,950                3.22             63.19           2,052,950            63.19
                                                   67.04 to 85.62          1,078,428                4.94             84.51           1,078,428            84.51
                                                  97.84 to 115.01            939,516                6.93            101.51             500,132           102.73
                                                                           5,211,472                3.86             70.21           4,772,088            67.46

The weighted average fair value of stock options granted in the year and the weighted average assumptions used in the
calculation of their fair value on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model were as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                       2023                2022
    Grant date fair value ($)                                                                                                            —               20.94
    Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                                   —                  —
    Expected volatility (%)1                                                                                                             —               21.27
    Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                                          —                1.28
    Expected life (years)                                                                                                                —                4.00
    Exercise price ($)                                                                                                                   —              110.10
    Share price ($)                                                                                                                      —              110.10

1
     Expected volatility was determined using statistical formulas and based on the weekly historical average of closing daily share prices over the period of the
     expected life of stock options.



c)        Share purchase plan
Under the share purchase plan, the Company contributes an amount equal to a percentage of the employee's basic
contribution, up to a maximum of 3.50%. An employee may make additional contributions in excess of the basic contribution.
However, the Company does not match contributions in the case of such additional contributions. The employee and
Company's contributions are remitted to an independent plan administrator who purchases Class A subordinate voting shares
on the open market on behalf of the employee through either the TSX or NYSE.

d)        Deferred share unit plan
External members of the Board of Directors (participants) are entitled to receive part or their entire retainer fee in DSUs. DSUs
are granted with immediate vesting and must be exercised no later than December 15 of the calendar year immediately
following the calendar year during which the participant ceases to act as a director. Each DSU entitles the holder to receive a
cash payment equal to the closing price of Class A subordinate voting shares on the TSX on the payment date. As at
September 30, 2023, the number of outstanding DSUs was 122,969 (119,090 DSUs as at September 30, 2022).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                   47
                                                                                                                          FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 115

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


20. Share-based payments (continued)
e)          Share-based payment costs
The share-based payment expense recorded in costs of services, selling and administrative is as follows:

                                                                                                                                      Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                      2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                          $                     $
    PSUs                                                                                                                           55,847                42,148
    Stock options                                                                                                                   2,367                 6,848
    Share purchase plan                                                                                                           169,418               136,275
    DSUs                                                                                                                            5,332                 1,455
                                                                                                                                  232,964               186,726




21. Earnings per share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                             2023                                                           2022
                                                           Weighted average                                                Weighted average
                                                           number of shares          Earnings per                          number of shares          Earnings per
                                    Net earnings               outstanding1                 share Net earnings                  outstanding1               share
                                                 $                                               $              $                                               $
    Basic                             1,631,249                 234,041,041                  6.97    1,466,142                 239,262,004                  6.13
    Net effect of dilutive stock
      options and PSUs2                                            3,661,040                                                      3,605,441
Diluted                               1,631,249                 237,702,081                  6.86    1,466,142                 242,867,445                  6.04

1
     During the year ended September 30, 2023, 6,302,646 Class A subordinate voting shares purchased for cancellation and 2,309,743 Class A subordinate voting
     shares held in trust were excluded from the calculation of weighted average number of shares outstanding as of the date of transaction (8,839,439 and
     1,841,709, respectively during the year ended September 30, 2022).
2
     The calculation of the diluted earnings per share excluded nil stock options for the year ended September 30, 2023 (307,272 for the year ended September 30,
     2022, as they were anti-dilutive).



22. Remaining performance obligations

Remaining performance obligations relates to Company’s performance obligations that are partially or fully unsatisfied under
fixed-fee arrangements recognized using the percentage-of-completion method.

The amount of the selling price allocated to remaining performance obligations as at September 30, 2023 is $982,531,000
($919,664,000 as at September 30, 2022) and is expected to be recognized as revenue within a weighted average of 2 years
(1.9 years as at September 30, 2022).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                   48
116 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


23. Costs of services, selling and administrative
                                                                                                         Year ended September 30
                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                            $                 $
    Salaries and other employee costs1                                                              8,870,235         7,798,407
    Professional fees and other contracted labour                                                   1,500,613         1,459,295
    Hardware, software and data center related costs                                                  827,613           790,447
    Property costs                                                                                    213,962           214,430
    Amortization, depreciation and impairment (Note 24)                                               506,122           468,334
    Other operating expenses                                                                           63,876            45,651
                                                                                                   11,982,421        10,776,564

1
     Net of R&D and other tax credits of $159,390,000 in 2023 ($155,856,000 in 2022).



24. Amortization, depreciation and impairment

                                                                                                         Year ended September 30
                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                            $                 $
    Depreciation of PP&E (Note 6)                                                                     142,653           133,651
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                                      143,030           141,295
    Impairment of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                                          2,274             1,495
    Amortization of contract costs related to transition costs                                         55,194            48,594
    Amortization of intangible assets (Note 9)                                                        162,971           139,940
    Impairment of intangible assets (Note 9)                                                               —              3,359
    Included in costs of services, selling and administrative (Note 23)                               506,122           468,334
    Amortization of contract costs related to incentives (presented as a reduction of revenue)          2,793             2,201
    Amortization of deferred financing fees (presented in finance costs)                                  816               829
    Amortization of premiums and discounts on investments related to funds held for clients
     (presented net as a reduction (increase) of revenue)                                              (1,832)               37
    Depreciation of PP&E (presented in integration costs) (Note 6)                                        712                —
    Impairment of PP&E (presented in integration costs) (Note 6)                                          648               858
    Impairment of PP&E (presented in cost optimization program) (Note 6 and 25)                         1,938                —
    Impairment of right-of-use assets (presented in integration costs) (Note 7)                         5,143             2,363
    Impairment of right-of-use assets (presented in cost optimization program) (Note 7 and 25)          2,232                —
    Amortization of intangible assets (presented in integration costs) (Note 9)                         1,076                —
                                                                                                      519,648           474,622


25. Cost optimization program

During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company initiated a cost optimization program to accelerate actions to
rightsize its real estate portfolio globally and improve operational efficiencies, including the increased use of automation and
global delivery, focused on administrative activities for which the Company recorded $8,964,000 of costs. This amount includes
costs for terminations of employment of $2,613,000, accounted for in severance provisions (Note 13), and costs of vacating
leased premises of $6,351,000, composed of impairment of right-of-use assets of $2,232,000 (Note 24), onerous supplier
contract costs of $2,181,000 as well as impairment of PP&E of $1,938,000 (Note 24) related to leasehold improvements and
furniture, fixtures and equipment.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                  49
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 117

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


26. Net finance costs
                                                                                                               Year ended September 30
                                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                                                  $                  $
 Interest on long-term debt                                                                                  53,871            57,752
 Interest on lease liabilities                                                                               29,115            27,426
 Net interest costs on net defined benefit obligations or assets (Note 17)                                    4,782             1,626
 Other finance costs                                                                                          6,192             8,413
 Finance costs                                                                                               93,960            95,217
 Finance income                                                                                             (41,497)           (3,194)
                                                                                                             52,463            92,023


27. Investments in subsidiaries
a)       Acquisitions and disposals

There were no significant acquisitions or disposals for the year ended September 30, 2023.

b)       Subsequent event
On October 10, 2023, the Company acquired all of the outstanding units of Momentum Industries Holdings, LLC. (Momentum), for a
purchase price of $50,492,000. Momentum is an IT and business consulting firm specializing in digital transformation, data and
analytics and managed services, based in the U.S. and headquartered in Miami, Florida. The acquisition will be reported under the
U.S. Commercial and State Government operating segment. The purchase price is mainly allocated to goodwill, representing the
future economic value associated with acquired workforce and synergies with the Company’s operations, as well as customer
relationships. The purchase price allocation is preliminary and is expected to be completed as soon as management will have
gathered all the significant information available and considered necessary in order to finalize this allocation.

This acquisition was made to further expand CGI’s footprint in the region and to complement CGI's proximity model.

c)       Business acquisitions realized in the prior fiscal year
The Company made the following acquisitions during the year ended September 30, 2022:

     –     On October 1, 2021, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Array Holding Company, Inc. (Array), for a
           purchase price of $60,337,000. Based in the United States, Array is a digital services provider that optimizes mission
           performance for the U.S. Department of Defense and other government organizations and is headquartered in Greenbelt,
           Maryland.
     –     On October 28, 2021, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Cognicase Management Consulting (CMC), for
           a purchase price of $90,900,000. Based in Spain, CMC is a provider of technology and management consulting services
           and solutions, headquartered in Madrid.

     –     On February 28, 2022, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Unico Computer Systems Pty Ltd (Unico), for
           a purchase price of $39,814,000. Based in Australia, Unico is a technology consultancy and systems integrator,
           headquartered in Melbourne.

     –     On May 25, 2022, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Harwell Management (Harwell), for a purchase
           price of $47,309,000. Based in France, Harwell is a management consulting firm specializing in the financial services
           industry, headquartered in Paris.

     –     On May 31, 2022, the Company acquired control of Umanis SA (Umanis) through the acquisition of 72.4% of its outstanding
           shares (excluding treasury shares), for a purchase price of $303,896,000, and filed with the French financial markets
           authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) the draft mandatory tender offer to purchase all remaining outstanding shares.

           By July 18, 2022, the Company acquired an aggregate total interest of more than 90.0% of the outstanding shares
           (excluding treasury shares) and launched a statutory squeeze-out process through which the remaining shares were
           acquired on July 29, 2022, for a total cash consideration of $116,362,000. Based in France, Umanis is a digital company
           specializing in data, digital and business solutions, headquartered in Paris.

These acquisitions were made to further expand CGI’s footprint in their respective regions and to complement CGI's proximity model.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                         50
118 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


27. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)
c)        Business acquisitions realized in prior fiscal year (continued)

The following table presents the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for all acquisitions based on the
acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as at September
30, 2022:

                                                                        CMC                     Umanis                     Others                           Total
                                                                            $                         $                          $                              $
Current assets                                                       46,900                   106,102                     18,267                       171,269
PP&E (Note 6)                                                         1,556                     5,179                      1,429                         8,164
Right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                          3,353                    12,855                      5,906                        22,114
Contract costs                                                          979                        —                          —                            979
Intangible assets1 (Note 9)                                          20,657                    62,337                     27,653                       110,647
Other long-term assets                                                2,336                    16,362                         —                         18,698
Goodwill2                                                             93,638                  391,026                    146,184                       630,848
Current liabilities                                                  (41,055)                 (96,141)                   (26,904)                     (164,100)
Long-term debt                                                       (37,937)                 (77,973)                   (46,730)                     (162,640)
Lease liabilities                                                     (3,920)                 (12,919)                    (6,342)                      (23,181)
Deferred tax liabilities                                              (2,706)                 (12,688)                      (560)                      (15,954)
Retirement benefits obligations (Note 17)                                 —                    (9,743)                      (449)                      (10,192)
                                                                      83,801                  384,397                    118,454                       586,652
Cash acquired                                                          7,099                   35,861                     29,006                        71,966
Net assets acquired                                                   90,900                  420,258                    147,460                       658,618


Consideration paid                                                   79,291                   420,258                    139,643                       639,192
Consideration payable                                                11,609                        —                       7,817                        19,426
1
    Intangible assets are mainly composed of client relationships.

2
    The goodwill arising from the acquisitions mainly represents the future economic value associated to acquired work force and synergies with the Company’s
    operations. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.


During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company finalized the fair value assessment of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed for Umanis with adjustments resulting in an increase in goodwill of $19,060,000 mainly due to a decrease in
intangible assets and accounts receivable.
During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company finalized the fair value assessment of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed for Unico and Harwell with no significant adjustments.
During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company paid $13,039,000 related to acquisitions realized in prior fiscal
years.

d)        Acquisition-related and integration costs
During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred $53,401,000 of integration costs, which mainly include
costs of rationalizing the redundancy of employment of $23,226,000, accounted for in severance provisions (Note 13), and
costs of vacating leased premises of $10,774,000.
During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company incurred $27,654,000, of acquisition-related and integration costs.
This amount included acquisition-related costs of $3,094,000, and integration costs of $24,560,000. The acquisition-related
costs consisted mainly of professional fees incurred for the acquisitions. The integration costs mainly included costs of
rationalizing the redundancy of employment of $10,948,000, accounted for in severance provisions (Note 13), and costs of
vacating leased premises of $3,496,000.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                    51
                                                                                                FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 119

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


28. Supplementary cash flow information

a)       Net change in non-cash working capital items and others is as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                            2023        2022
                                                                                                               $           $
 Accounts receivable                                                                                     (31,120)    (33,703)
 Work in progress                                                                                        76,554     (116,260)
 Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                                         3,547     (10,907)
 Long-term financial assets                                                                               (9,911)      8,843
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                               (130,172)   108,188
 Accrued compensation and employee-related liabilities                                                   (57,644)    (43,429)
 Deferred revenue                                                                                        45,681      43,656
 Income taxes                                                                                           105,577       (2,626)
 Provisions                                                                                              (10,129)    (41,561)
 Long-term liabilities                                                                                   18,893      (28,074)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                           (682)        (70)
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                                           5,871       5,050
                                                                                                         16,465     (110,893)


b)       Non-cash operating and investing activities are as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                            2023        2022
                                                                                                               $           $
 Operating activities
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                            32,392        7,720
     Provisions                                                                                           1,088          262
     Other long-term liabilities                                                                          4,768           —
                                                                                                         38,248        7,982
 Investing activities
   Purchase of PP&E                                                                                      (14,374)    (16,732)
   Additions, disposals/retirements, change in estimates and lease modifications of
    right-of-use assets                                                                                  (86,691)   (101,180)
   Additions to intangible assets                                                                        (28,944)     (1,127)
                                                                                                        (130,009)   (119,039)




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                              52
120 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


28. Supplementary cash flow information (continued)

c)      Changes arising from financing activities are as follows for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                        2023                                         2022
                                                                                    Derivative                                    Derivative
                                                                                      financial                                     financial
                                                                                  instruments                                   instruments
                                                                                     to hedge                                      to hedge
                                                                     Long-term      long-term          Lease      Long-term       long-term         Lease
                                                                          debt            debt     liabilities         debt             debt     liabilities
                                                                              $                $            $            $                 $              $
Balance, beginning of year                                          3,267,034       (146,215)      709,201       3,401,656         17,187       776,940
Cash used in financing activities excluding equity
 Increase of long-term debt                                                948                 —          —             —                —              —
 Repayment of long-term debt and lease liabilities                     (79,150)                —   (161,211)      (401,654)              —      (160,583)
 Repayment of debt assumed in business acquisitions that
 occurred in prior year                                                (56,994)            —              —       (113,036)             —               —
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments (Note 32)                   —           2,921             —             —            6,258              —
Non-cash financing activities
 Additions, disposals/retirements and change in estimates
 and lease modifications of right-of-use assets                            —               —        81,656              —              —         95,547
 Additions through business acquisitions (Note 27)                         —               —            —          162,640             —         23,181
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates                           (38,218)         45,719       15,997         207,561       (169,660)      (25,153)
Other                                                                   6,701              —        (3,680)          9,867             —           (731)
Balance, end of year                                                3,100,321         (97,575)     641,963       3,267,034       (146,215)      709,201


d)     Interest paid and received and income taxes paid are classified within operating activities and are as follows for the
years ended September 30:

                                                                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                                                                                     $                    $
 Interest paid                                                                                                                130,570           115,408
 Interest received                                                                                                             87,239            28,247
 Income taxes paid                                                                                                            480,607           435,558


e)      Cash and cash equivalents consisted of unrestricted cash as at September 30, 2023 and 2022.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                             53
                                                                                                                                      FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 121

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


29. Segmented information

The following tables present information on the Company's operations based on its current management structure. Segment
results are based on the location from which the services are delivered - the geographic delivery model (Note 12).
                                                                                                                                              Year ended September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                 Northwest
                                       Western           U.S.                                                                          and
                                           and    Commercial                            Scandinavia                   Finland,     Central-
                                      Southern      and State                   U.S.     and Central   U.K. and    Poland and         East      Asia
                                        Europe    Government      Canada     Federal         Europe    Australia       Baltics     Europe     Pacific Eliminations         Total
                                              $              $          $          $              $           $             $            $         $              $            $
    Segment revenue                   2,605,926     2,277,996 2,064,659 1,935,238        1,648,356 1,455,529         828,951      755,901 918,056         (194,252) 14,296,360
    Segment earnings before
     acquisition-related and
     integration costs, cost
     optimization program, net
     finance costs and income tax
     expense1                          355,578        339,410    477,502    306,362        127,320     216,517       110,583      101,871 277,598                —     2,312,741
    Acquisition-related and
     integration costs (Note 27d)                                                                                                                                        (53,401)
    Cost optimization program
     (Note 25)                                                                                                                                                            (8,964)
    Net finance costs (Note 26)                                                                                                                                          (52,463)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                                       2,197,913
1
      Total amortization and depreciation of $507,087,000 included in the Western and Southern Europe, U.S. Commercial and State Government, Canada, U.S. Federal,
      Scandinavia and Central Europe, U.K. and Australia, Finland, Poland and Baltics, Northwest and Central-East Europe and Asia Pacific segments is $85,049,000,
      $83,359,000, $55,589,000, $59,334,000, $90,098,000, $38,423,000, $38,345,000, $31,616,000 and $25,274,000, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2023.



                                                                                                                                               Year ended September 30, 2022
                                                                                                                                 Northwest
                                        Western           U.S.                                                                         and
                                            and    Commercial                           Scandinavia                   Finland,    Central-
                                       Southern      and State                  U.S.    and Central    U.K. and    Poland and         East      Asia
                                         Europe    Government     Canada      Federal       Europe     Australia       Baltics     Europe     Pacific   Eliminations        Total
                                              $              $          $          $              $           $             $            $         $              $            $
    Segment revenue                   2,152,113     2,075,321 1,981,380 1,750,902        1,571,118 1,291,125         729,024      692,859 799,661         (176,302) 12,867,201
    Segment earnings before
     acquisition-related and
     integration costs, net finance
     costs and income tax
     expense1                          289,730        304,767    463,289    276,395        125,728     200,117         96,651       88,287 241,672               —     2,086,636
    Acquisition-related and
     integration costs (Note 27d)                                                                                                                                        (27,654)
    Net finance costs (Note 26)                                                                                                                                          (92,023)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                                       1,966,959
1
      Total amortization and depreciation of $470,572,000 included in the Western and Southern Europe, U.S. Commercial and State Government, Canada, U.S. Federal,
      Scandinavia and Central Europe, U.K. and Australia, Finland, Poland and Baltics, Northwest and Central-East Europe and Asia Pacific segments is $62,922,000,
      $70,417,000, $57,528,000, $54,073,000, $91,435,000, $40,765,000, $33,219,000, $34,323,000 and $25,890,000, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2022.
      Amortization in intangible assets of $3,359,000 includes impairments mainly from a business solution in Northwest and Central-East Europe for $2,131,000. These assets
      were no longer expected to generate future economic benefits.


The accounting policies of each operating segment are the same as those described in Note 3, Summary of material
accounting policies. Intersegment revenue is priced as if the revenue was from third parties.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                                   54
122 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


29. Segmented information (continued)

GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

The following table provides external revenue information based on the client’s location which is different from the revenue
presented under operating segments, due to the intersegment revenue, for the years ended September 30:

                                                                                                                            2023                      2022
                                                                                                                               $                        $
Western and Southern Europe
 France                                                                                                               2,277,088              1,846,832
 Portugal                                                                                                               116,928                105,225
 Spain                                                                                                                  114,341                111,515
 Others                                                                                                                  55,519                 52,510
                                                                                                                      2,563,876              2,116,082


U.S.1                                                                                                                 4,404,982              3,987,025


Canada                                                                                                                2,232,091              2,143,211


Scandinavia and Central Europe
  Germany                                                                                                               925,679                811,458
  Sweden                                                                                                                691,240                697,941
  Norway                                                                                                                123,366                143,259
                                                                                                                      1,740,285              1,652,658


U.K. and Australia
   U.K.                                                                                                               1,588,665              1,397,161
   Australia                                                                                                             90,576                 75,746
                                                                                                                      1,679,241              1,472,907


Finland, Poland and Baltics
  Finland                                                                                                               820,886                727,853
  Others                                                                                                                 49,564                 34,676
                                                                                                                        870,450                762,529


Northwest and Central-East Europe
  Netherlands                                                                                                           571,757                494,227
  Denmark                                                                                                                95,758                114,849
  Czech Republic                                                                                                         72,559                 54,621
  Others                                                                                                                 61,854                 64,632
                                                                                                                        801,928                728,329


Asia Pacific
  Others                                                                                                                 3,507                   4,460
                                                                                                                         3,507                   4,460
                                                                                                                    14,296,360              12,867,201

1
    External revenue included in the U.S Commercial and State Government and U.S. Federal operating segments was $2,461,366,000 and $1,943,616,000,
    respectively in 2023 ($2,226,473,000 and $1,760,552,000, respectively in 2022).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                            55
                                                                                                     FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 123

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


29. Segmented information (continued)

GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

The following table provides information for PP&E, right-of-use assets, contract costs and intangible assets based on their
location:

                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                               September 30, 2023   September 30, 2022
                                                                                                               $                     $

   U.S.                                                                                                 557,381               556,075
   Canada                                                                                               427,811               374,757
   France                                                                                               200,842               217,261
   U.K.                                                                                                 115,560               112,924
   Finland                                                                                              100,212                97,486
   Sweden                                                                                                 94,801              100,088
   Germany                                                                                                85,013               89,527
   India                                                                                                  65,664               71,942
   Netherlands                                                                                            49,570               47,274
   Rest of the world                                                                                    106,292               114,966
                                                                                                      1,803,146             1,782,300


INFORMATION ABOUT SERVICES
The following table provides revenue information based on services provided by the Company for the year ended
September 30:

                                                                                                            2023                  2022
                                                                                                               $                     $
  Managed IT and business process services                                                            7,674,460             6,980,988
  Business and strategic IT consulting and systems integration services                               6,621,900             5,886,213
                                                                                                     14,296,360           12,867,201


MAJOR CLIENT INFORMATION
Contracts with the U.S. federal government and its various agencies, included within the U.S. Federal operating segment,
accounted for $1,923,977,000 and 13.5% of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2023 ($1,705,173,000 and 13.3% for
the year ended September 30, 2022).




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                         56
124 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30. Related party transactions

a)      Transactions with subsidiaries and other related parties
Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation. The Company
owns 100% of the equity interests of its principal subsidiaries.
The Company’s principal subsidiaries whose revenues, based on the geographic delivery model, represent more than 3% of
the consolidated revenues are as follows:

 Name of subsidiary                                                                                   Country of incorporation
CGI Technologies and Solutions Inc.                                                                            United States
CGI France SAS                                                                                                        France
CGI Federal Inc.                                                                                               United States
CGI IT UK Limited                                                                                            United Kingdom
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc.                                                              Canada
Conseillers en gestion et informatique CGI Inc.                                                                      Canada
CGI Deutschland B.V. & Co KG                                                                                       Germany
CGI Sverige AB                                                                                                      Sweden
CGI Suomi OY                                                                                                         Finland
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Private Limited                                                      India
CGI Nederland BV                                                                                                 Netherlands


b)      Compensation of key management personnel
Compensation of key management personnel, currently defined as the executive officers and the Board of Directors of the
Company, was as follows for the year ended September 30:

                                                                                                   2023                   2022
                                                                                                      $                     $
     Short-term employee benefits                                                                36,049               34,430
     Share-based payments                                                                        30,701               23,819




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                57
                                                                                                   FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 125

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31. Commitments, contingencies and guarantees

a)      Commitments
As at September 30, 2023, the Company entered into long-term service agreements representing a total commitment of
$323,957,000. Minimum payments under these agreements are due as follows:

                                                                                                                                   $
 Less than one year                                                                                                        151,720
 Between one and three years                                                                                               141,768
 Between three and five years                                                                                               30,469
 Beyond five years                                                                                                              —


b)     Contingencies
From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, litigation and claims which primarily relate to tax
exposure, contractual disputes and employee claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Certain of these matters
seek damages in significant amounts and will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.
Although the outcome of such matters is not predictable with assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the
disposition of any such current matter could reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s
financial position, results of operations or the ability to carry on any of its business activities. Claims for which there is a
probable unfavourable outcome are recorded in provisions.
In addition, the Company is engaged to provide services under contracts with various government agencies. Some of these
contracts are subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements and, from time to time, government agencies investigate
whether the Company’s operations are being conducted in accordance with these requirements. Generally, the governments
agencies have the right to change the scope of, or terminate, these projects at its convenience. The termination or reduction in
the scope of a major government contract or project could have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations and the
financial condition of the Company.

c)     Guarantees
Sale of assets and business divestitures
In connection with the sale of assets and business divestitures, the Company may be required to pay counterparties for costs
and losses incurred as the result of breaches in contractual obligations, representations and warranties, intellectual property
right infringement and litigation against counterparties, among others. While some of the agreements specify a maximum
potential exposure, others do not specify a maximum amount or a maturity date. It is not possible to reasonably estimate the
maximum amount that may have to be paid under such guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon the outcome of future
contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. No amount has been accrued in the
consolidated balance sheets relating to this type of indemnification as at September 30, 2023. The Company does not expect
to incur any potential payment in connection with these guarantees that could have a materially adverse effect on its
consolidated financial statements.
Other transactions
In the normal course of business, the Company may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and
performance bonds. In general, the Company would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if the Company refuses to
perform the project once the bid is awarded. The Company would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of
default in the performance of its obligations. As at September 30, 2023, the Company had committed a total of $34,323,000 of
these bonds. To the best of its knowledge, the Company is in compliance with its performance obligations under all service
contracts for which there is a bid or performance bond, and the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these
guarantees, would not have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations or financial
condition.
Moreover, the Company has letters of credit for a total of $75,888,000 in addition to the letters of credit covered by the
unsecured committed revolving credit facility (Note 14). These guarantees are required in some of the Company’s contracts
with customers.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                       58
126 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date.
Valuation techniques used to value financial instruments are as follows:

     -     The fair value of the 2014 U.S. Senior Notes, the 2021 U.S. Senior Notes, the 2021 CAD Senior Notes, the
           unsecured committed revolving credit facility, the unsecured committed term loan credit facility and the other long-
           term debt is estimated by discounting expected cash flows at rates currently offered to the Company for debts of the
           same remaining maturities and conditions;

     -     The fair value of long-term bonds included in funds held for clients and in long-term investments is determined by
           discounting the future cash flows using observable inputs, such as interest rate yield curves or credit spreads, or
           according to similar transactions on an arm's-length basis;

     -     The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the end of the
           reporting period;

     -     The fair value of cross-currency swaps is determined based on market data (primarily yield curves, exchange rates
           and interest rates) to calculate the present value of all estimated cash flows;

     -     The fair value of cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds held for clients and short-term investments
           included in current financial assets is determined using observable quotes; and

     -     The fair value of deferred compensation plan assets within long-term financial assets is based on observable price
           quotations and net assets values at the reporting date.
As at September 30, 2023, there were no changes in valuation techniques.
The following table presents the financial liabilities included in the long-term debt (Note 14) measured at amortized cost
categorized using the fair value hierarchy.

                                                                                       As at September 30, 2023            As at September 30, 2022
                                                               Level        Carrying amount          Fair value   Carrying amount        Fair value
                                                                                               $             $                 $                 $
      2014 U.S. Senior Notes                                   Level 2              473,808           464,806           550,177           539,752
      2021 U.S. Senior Notes                                   Level 2            1,342,714         1,132,649         1,361,974         1,127,739
      2021 CAD Senior Notes                                    Level 2              596,550           503,984           595,900           503,227
      Other long-term debt                                     Level 2               10,363             9,839            71,278            68,991
                                                                                  2,423,435         2,111,278         2,579,329         2,239,709

For the remaining financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost, the carrying values approximate the fair values of
the financial instruments given their short term maturity.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                      59
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 127

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)
The following table presents financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value categorized using the fair value hierarchy:


                                                                                Level          As at September 30, 2023   As at September 30, 2022
                                                                                                                     $                          $
 Financial assets
  FVTE
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                  Level 2                     1,568,291                    966,458
      Cash included in funds held for clients (Note 5)                          Level 2                       269,792                    504,726
      Deferred compensation plan assets (Note 11)                               Level 1                        88,076                     71,863
                                                                                                            1,926,159                  1,543,047
  Derivative financial instruments designated as
    hedging instruments
    Current derivative financial instruments included in current
    financial assets                                                            Level 2
         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                  83,626                      8,740
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                    12,505                     18,934
      Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 11)                      Level 2
          Cross-currency swaps                                                                                 16,130                    222,246
          Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                    5,875                     15,631
                                                                                                              118,136                    265,551
  FVOCI
    Short-term investments included in current financial assets                 Level 2                         7,332                      6,184
    Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients (Note 5)                 Level 2                       138,935                     94,113
    Long-term investments (Note 11)                                             Level 2                        17,113                     16,826
                                                                                                              163,380                    117,123
 Financial liabilities
   Derivative financial instruments designated as
     hedging instruments
     Current derivative financial instruments                                   Level 2

         Cross-currency swaps                                                                                   2,183                         599
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                     2,330                       5,710
      Long-term derivative financial instruments                                Level 2

          Cross-currency swaps                                                                                      —                       1,086
          Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                    1,700                      4,795
                                                                                                                6,213                     12,190

There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                    60
128 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

MARKET RISK
Market risk incorporates a range of risks. Movements in risk factors, such as interest rate risk and currency risk, affect the fair
values of financial assets and liabilities.
Interest rate risk
To cover the risk of changes in both interest rates and foreign exchange rates of its 2014 U.S. Senior Notes as described
below, the Company designates cross-currency interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges for this long term debt.
The Company is also exposed to interest rate risk on its unsecured committed revolving credit facility carrying amount.
The Company analyzes its interest rate risk exposure on an ongoing basis using various scenarios to simulate refinancing or
the renewal of existing positions. Based on these scenarios, a change in the interest rate of 1% would not have had a
significant impact on net earnings.
Currency risk
The Company operates internationally and is exposed to risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company
mitigates this risk principally through foreign currency denominated debt and derivative financial instruments, which includes
foreign currency forward contracts and cross-currency swaps.
The Company hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its U.S. operations into Canadian dollar,
with Senior U.S. unsecured notes. As of September 30, 2023, the Senior U.S. unsecured notes of a carrying value of
$1,525,519,000 and a nominal amount of $1,536,563,000 have been designated as hedging instruments to hedge portions of
the Company’s net investments in its U.S. operations.
The Company also hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its European operations with
cross-currency swaps.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                      61
                                                                                                                     FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 129

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

MARKET RISK (CONTINUED)
Currency risk (continued)
The following tables summarize the cross-currency swap agreements that the Company had entered into in order to manage
its currency:

                                                                                                                              As at               As at
                                                                                                                 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022

                                                         Pay
 Receive Notional               Receive Rate         Notional                  Pay rate              Maturity           Fair value            Fair value
                                                                                                                                 $                     $
    Hedges of net investments in European operations
                                                                                               From September
              $690,100   From 1.62% to 3.81%         €476,737 From (0.14)% to 2.51%               2024 to 2028              22,966                78,647

              $136,274   From 3.57% to 3.63%          £75,842      From 2.67% to 2.80%         September 2024               11,972                24,247

               $58,419   From 3.57% to 3.68%        kr371,900      From 2.12% to 2.18%         September 2024               12,087                12,625
    Hedges of net investments in European operations and cash flow hedges on unsecured committed term loan credit facility

       U.S.$500,000 SOFR 1 month + 1.10%             €443,381      From 1.14% to 1.22%         December 2023                44,386              104,330
    Cash flow hedges of 2014 U.S. Senior Notes

       U.S.$215,000      From 3.74% to 4.06%         $284,793      From 3.49% to 3.81%         September 2024                 6,163                9,452

      Total                                                                                                                 97,574              229,301

During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company settled cross-currency swaps with a notional amount of
$69,300,000 for a net amount of $2,921,000. The related amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income
will be transferred to earnings when the net investment is disposed of.
The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in various foreign currency exchange rates
on future revenues. Hedging relationships are designated and documented at inception and quarterly effectiveness
assessments are performed during the year.
As at September 30, 2023, the Company held foreign currency forward contracts to hedge exposures to changes in foreign
currency, which have the following notional, average contract rates and maturities:
                                                                                                                          As at                     As at
                                                                       Average contract rates                September 30, 2023       September 30, 2022
Foreign currency forward contracts                 Notional     Less than one year   More than one year                Fair value              Fair value
                                                                                                                              $                       $
    USD/INR                                  U.S.$278,814                   83.27                   87.32                  (973)                 (7,803)
    CAD/INR                                      $292,047                   63.77                   65.32                 4,497                   7,865
    EUR/INR                                        €78,476                  95.01                   96.54                 5,076                  11,690
    GBP/INR                                        £67,507                 107.07                  106.76                 3,501                  12,753
    SEK/INR                                       kr15,000                   7.48                      —                    (33)                  1,047
    GBP/EUR                                        £77,610                   1.16                      —                    649                      —
    EUR/MAD                                        €24,466                  10.94                      —                    135                    (201)
    EUR/CZK                                        €15,062                  24.80                   24.55                   (92)                    611
    Others                                         $78,027                                                                1,590                  (1,902)
    Total                                                                                                                14,350                  24,060




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                           62
130 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

MARKET RISK (CONTINUED)
Currency risk (continued)
The following table details the Company's sensitivity to a 10% strengthening of the euro, the U.S. dollar, the British pound and
the Swedish krona, foreign currency rates on net earnings and on other comprehensive income (loss). The sensitivity analysis
on net earnings presents the impact of foreign currency denominated financial instruments and adjusts their translation at
period end for a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis on other comprehensive income (loss)
presents the impact of a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates on the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts
designated as cash flow hedges and on net investment hedges.

                                                                                         2023                                              2022
                                                                        British      Swedish                                   British   Swedish
                                             euro      U.S. dollar       pound         krona            euro   U.S. dollar     pound       krona
                                           impact         impact        impact        impact          impact      impact      impact      impact
                                                $                $            $                $          $             $           $         $

Increase in net
  earnings                                 1,384           3,598           692           466          2,835       3,604         622         883
 Decrease in other
  comprehensive income (loss)           (155,000)       (190,539)      (29,436)        (7,005)     (183,986)   (179,780)     (31,700)    (8,577)


LIQUIDITY RISK
Liquidity risk that an entity will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities that are settled by
delivering cash or another financial assets. The Company’s activities are financed through a combination of the cash flows
from operations, borrowing under existing unsecured committed revolving credit facility, the issuance of debt and the issuance
of equity. One of management’s primary goals is to maintain an optimal level of liquidity through the active management of the
assets and liabilities as well as the cash flows. The Company regularly monitors its cash forecasts to ensure it has sufficient
flexibility under its available liquidity to meet its obligations.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                  63
                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 131

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

LIQUIDITY RISK (CONTINUED)
The following tables summarize the carrying amount and the contractual maturities of both the interest and principal portion of
financial liabilities. All amounts contractually denominated in foreign currency are presented in Canadian dollar equivalent
amounts using the period-end spot rate or floating rate.

                                                                                                           Between one         Between
                                                            Carrying      Contractual          Less than           and    three and five      Beyond
As at September 30, 2023                                     amount        cash flows           one year    three years           years    five years
                                                                    $               $                 $              $                $             $
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                  924,659         924,659            924,659              —                —             —
  Accrued compensation and employee-related
    liabilities                                           1,100,566       1,100,566        1,100,566                —                —             —
  2014 U.S. Senior Notes                                    473,808         492,722            492,722              —                —             —
   2021 U.S. Senior Notes                                 1,342,714       1,488,774              24,233       860,746           24,910      578,885
   2021 CAD Senior Notes                                    596,550         663,000              12,600        25,200         625,200              —
   Unsecured committed term loan credit
     facility                                               676,886         687,419            687,419             —               —             —
   Lease liabilities                                        641,963         722,284            221,877        238,009         139,275       123,123
   Other long-term debt                                      10,363          10,448              8,353          1,328             449           318
   Clients’ funds obligations                               493,638         493,638            493,638              —                —             —
  Derivative financial liabilities
   Cash flow hedges of future revenue                         4,030
       Outflow                                                               328,455            155,450        163,091           9,914             —
       (Inflow)                                                             (331,954)          (154,116)      (166,967)        (10,871)            —
   Cross-currency swaps                                       2,183
       Outflow                                                                93,311             93,311             —                —             —
       (Inflow)                                                              (91,353)           (91,353)            —                —             —
                                                          6,267,360       6,581,969        3,969,359        1,121,407         788,877       702,326

                                                                                                           Between one         Between
                                                             Carrying      Contractual         Less than           and    three and five       Beyond
As at September 30, 2022                                      amount        cash flows          one year    three years           years     five years
                                                                    $               $                 $              $                $             $
Non-derivative financial liabilities
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities               1,016,407       1,016,407        1,016,407                —                —             —
   Accrued compensation and employee-related
    liabilities                                           1,130,726       1,130,726        1,130,726               —                 —             —
   2014 U.S. Senior Notes                                   550,177         591,467           90,680          500,787                —             —
   2021 U.S. Senior Notes
                                                          1,361,974       1,537,370              24,623        49,246         862,639       600,862
   2021 CAD Senior Notes                                    595,900         675,600              12,600        25,200          25,200       612,600
   Unsecured committed term loan credit
     facility                                               687,705         721,807             27,053        694,754              —             —
   Lease liabilities                                        709,201         808,445            182,815        295,017         166,848       163,765
   Other long-term debt                                      71,278          80,324             25,843         11,919          42,557             5
   Clients’ funds obligations                               604,431         604,431            604,431             —               —             —
  Derivative financial liabilities
   Cash flow hedges of future revenue                        10,505
       Outflow                                                               304,698            110,827        193,871               —             —
       (Inflow)                                                             (311,446)          (109,319)      (202,127)              —             —
   Cross-currency swaps                                       1,685
       Outflow                                                              168,213           74,902           93,311              —              —
       (Inflow)                                                            (167,586)         (74,762)         (92,824)             —              —
                                                          6,739,989       7,160,456        3,116,826        1,569,154       1,097,244      1,377,232



CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                        64
132 — Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Financial instruments (continued)

LIQUIDITY RISK (CONTINUED)
As at September 30, 2023, the Company held cash and cash equivalents, funds held for clients, short-term investments and
long-term investments of $2,081,463,000 ($1,588,307,000 as at September 30, 2022). The Company also had available
$1,495,858,000 in unsecured committed revolving credit facility ($1,495,730,000 as at September 30, 2022). As at
September 30, 2023, trade accounts receivable amounted to $1,152,880,000 (Note 4) ($1,106,187,000 as at September 30,
2022). Given the Company’s available liquid resources as compared to the timing of the payments of liabilities, management
assesses the Company’s liquidity risk to be low.

CREDIT RISK
The Company takes on exposure to credit risk, which is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to pay amounts in full when
due. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash
equivalents, accounts receivable, work in progress, long-term investments and derivative financial instruments with a positive
fair value. The maximum exposure of credit risk is generally represented by the carrying amount of these items reported on the
consolidated balance sheets.
The Company is exposed to credit risk in connection with long-term investments through the possible inability of borrowers to
meet the terms of their obligations. The Company mitigates this risk by investing primarily in high credit quality corporate and
government bonds with a credit rating of A- or higher. The application of the low credit exemption had no material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial statements.
The Company has accounts receivable derived from clients engaged in various industries including government; financial
services; manufacturing, retail and distribution; communications and utilities; and health that are not concentrated in any
specific geographic area. These specific industries may be affected by economic factors that may impact trade accounts
receivable. However, management does not believe that the Company is subject to any significant credit risk in view of the
Company’s large and diversified client base and that any single industry or geographic region represents a significant credit
risk to the Company. Historically, the Company has not made any significant write-offs and had low bad debt ratios. The
application of the simplified approach to measure expected credit losses for trade accounts receivable and work in progress
had no material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

The following table sets forth details of the age of trade accounts receivable that are past due:
                                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                                         $                      $
Not past due                                                                                   1,034,795                950,928
Past due 1-30 days                                                                                  82,536               81,000
Past due 31-60 days                                                                                 17,630               25,694
Past due 61-90 days                                                                                  9,925               12,142
Past due more than 90 days                                                                          10,913               39,883
                                                                                               1,155,799               1,109,647
Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                     (2,919)               (3,460)
                                                                                               1,152,880               1,106,187

In addition, the exposure to credit risk of cash, cash equivalents and cash included in funds held for clients and derivatives
financial instruments is limited given that the Company deals mainly with a diverse group of high-grade financial institutions
and that derivatives agreements are generally subject to master netting agreements, such as the International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, which provide for net settlement of all outstanding contracts with the counterparty in case of an event
of default.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                    65
                                                                                                                                FISCAL 2023 RESULTS — 133

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


33. Capital risk management

The Company is exposed to risks of varying degrees of significance which could affect its ability to achieve its strategic
objectives for growth. The main objectives of the Company’s risk management process are to ensure that risks are properly
identified and that the capital base is adequate in relation to these risks.
The Company manages its capital to ensure that there are adequate capital resources while maximizing the return to
shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. As at September 30, 2023, total managed capital was
$13,645,314,000 ($12,238,427,000 as at September 30, 2022). Managed capital consists of long-term debt, including the
current portion (Note 14), lease liabilities, cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, long-term investments (Note 11)
and shareholders’ equity. The basis for the Company’s capital structure is dependent on the Company’s expected business
growth and changes in the business environment. When capital needs have been specified, the Company’s management
proposes capital transactions for the approval of the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee and Board of
Directors. The capital risk policy remains unchanged from prior periods.
The Company monitors its capital by reviewing various financial metrics, including the following:

       -     Net Debt/Capitalization

       -     Debt/Adjusted EBITDA

Net debt, capitalization and adjusted EBITDA are additional measures. Net debt represents debt (including the current portion
and the fair value of foreign currency derivative financial instruments related to debt) and lease liabilities less cash and cash
equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments. Capitalization is shareholders’ equity plus net debt. Adjusted
EBITDA is calculated as earnings from continuing operations before finance costs, income taxes, depreciation, amortization,
cost optimization program and acquisition-related and integration costs. The Company believes that the results of the current
internal ratios are consistent with its capital management credit facility and unsecured committed revolving credit facilities. The
ratios are as follows:

       -     Leverage ratios, which are the ratio of total debt to adjusted EBITDA for its 2014 U.S. Senior Notes and the ratio of
             total debt net of cash and cash equivalent investments to adjusted EBITDA for its unsecured committed revolving
             credit facility and unsecured committed term loan credit facility for the four most recent quarters1.

       -     An interest and rent coverage ratio, which is the ratio of the EBITDAR for the four most recent quarters to the total
             finance costs and the operating rentals in the same periods. EBITDAR is calculated as adjusted EBITDA before rent
             expense1.

       -     In the case of the 2014 U.S. Senior Notes, a minimum net worth is required, whereby shareholders’ equity, excluding
             foreign exchange translation adjustments included in accumulated other comprehensive income, cannot be less than
             a specified threshold.

These ratios are calculated on a consolidated basis.
The Company is in compliance with these covenants and monitors them on an ongoing basis. The ratios are also reviewed
quarterly by the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee. The Company is not subject to any other externally
imposed capital requirements.


1
    In the event of an acquisition, the available historical financial information of the acquired company will be used in the computation of the ratios.




CGI Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022                                                                66
134

Shareholder Information
Shareholder Information Listing                                          Transfer Agent and Registrar
IPO: 1986                                                                Computershare Investor Services Inc.
Toronto Stock Exchange, April 1992: GIB.A                                100 University Avenue, 8th floor
New York Stock Exchange, October 1998: GIB                               Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1
Number of shares outstanding as of September 30, 2023:                   Telephone: 1 800 564-6253
206,714,497 Class A subordinate voting shares                            www.investorcentre.com/service
26,445,706 Class B shares
                                                                         Investor Relations
High/Low of share price from October 1, 2022
                                                                         For further information about the Company, additional copies
to September 30, 2023:
                                                                         of this report, or other financial information, please contact:
                                 TSX (CDN$)               NYSE (U.S.$)
                                                                         CGI Inc.
High:                              142.31                     107.66     Investor Relations
Low:                               100.74                      72.23     Email: ir@cgi.com
                                                                         Web: cgi.com/investors
                                                                         1350 René-Lévesque Blvd West,
As of September 30, 2023, the Company and its related
                                                                         15th floor
subsidiaries are controlled by Mr. Serge Godin, the Founder
                                                                         Montréal, Quebec H3G 1T4
and Executive Chairman of the Board.
                                                                         Canada
The certifications required by National Instrument 52-109                Tel.: 514-841-3200
Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings
whereby CGI’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer        Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
certify the accuracy of the information contained in CGI’s Annual        The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders will be held virtually
Information Form, Annual Audited Consolidated Financial                  on January 31, 2024 at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Standard Time) via live
Statements, and Annual Management’s Discussion and Analysis              webcast at https://www.icastpro.ca/syt2f8 (Password: CGI2023).
are available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’ website         Shareholders will have the opportunity to participate in real time
at www.sedarplus.ca. Similar certifications required by                  and vote at the Meeting online in the manner set forth in CGI’s
Rule 13a-14(a) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934,              Management Proxy Circular, through a web-based platform,
as amended, and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002            regardless of their geographic location.
are attached as exhibits to our Form 40-F, which is available on
EDGAR at www.sec.gov. The certification required by Section
303A.12(c) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual is also filed
annually with the New York Stock Exchange. CGI is a foreign
private issuer, as defined under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and files disclosure documents in
accordance with the multijurisdictional disclosure system (MJDS).
As such, many of the corporate governance rules applicable to
U.S. domestic companies are not applicable to CGI. However,
CGI’s corporate governance practices generally conform to those
followed by U.S. domestic companies under the New York Stock
Exchange listing standards, other than with respect to certain
specific rules, including that CGI requires shareholder approval of
share compensation arrangements involving the issuances of new
shares, but does not require such approval if the compensation
arrangement involves only shares purchased in the open market,
consistent with the laws applicable to CGI. A summary of these
practices is provided in the report of the Corporate Governance
Committee contained in CGI’s Management Proxy Circular, which
is available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’ website
at www.sedarplus.ca, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov and on CGI’s
website at www.cgi.com.

Auditors
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Insights you can act on
Founded in 1976, CGI is among the largest IT and
business consulting services firms in the world.
We are insights-driven and outcomes-based
to help accelerate returns on your investments.
Across hundreds of locations worldwide,
we provide comprehensive, scalable and
sustainable IT and business consulting services
that are informed globally and delivered locally.
cgi.com/investors
Contact: ir@cgi.com

© 2023 CGI Inc.
