                                               SMOORE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 思 摩 爾 國 際 控 股 有 限 公 司
SMOORE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                        SMOORE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
     思摩爾國際控股有限公司                                                                                                  思摩爾國際控股有限公司
          （於開曼群島註冊成立的有限公司）                                                                                         (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
             （股份代號：6969）                                                                                                              (Stock code: 6969)




                                        2024                                                                                                                                     2024
                              中期報告                                                                                                                            Interim Report




                                               INTERIM REPORT 中 期 報 告 2024
                                                       CONTENTS




 2 Corporate Information
 4 Chairman’s Statement
 7 Financial Highlights
 8 Management Discussion and Analysis
34 Other Information
53 Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Statements


54 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or
     Loss and Other Comprehensive Income


55 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial
     Position


57 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes
     in Equity


58 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash
     Flows


60 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial
     Statements




                                     Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                       Interim Report 2024   1
   CORPORATE INFORMATION




   Board of Directors                                        Remuneration Committee

   Executive Directors                                       Mr. Yim Siu Wing, Simon (Chairman)
                                                             Mr. Chen Zhiping
   Mr. Chen Zhiping (Chairman and Chief executive officer)
                                                             Dr. Wang Gao
   Mr. Xiong Shaoming
   Mr. Wang Guisheng
   Ms. Wang Xin
                                                             Environmental, Social and
                                                             Governance Committee
   Non-Executive Director
   Ms. Jiang Min                                             Mr. Chen Zhiping (Chairman)
                                                             Mr. Wang Guisheng
   Independent Non-Executive Directors                       Mr. Zhong Shan

   Mr. Zhong Shan
   Mr. Yim Siu Wing, Simon
                                                             Joint Company Secretaries
   Dr. Wang Gao

                                                             Mr. Wang Guisheng (CICPA, HKICPA, FCCA)
                                                             Ms. Cheng Choi Ha (ACG, HKACG)
   Audit Committee

   Mr. Zhong Shan (Chairman)
                                                             Authorized Representatives
   Mr. Yim Siu Wing, Simon
   Dr. Wang Gao                                              Mr. Wang Guisheng
                                                             Ms. Cheng Choi Ha

   Nomination Committee
                                                             Registered Office
   Mr. Chen Zhiping (Chairman)
   Mr. Zhong Shan                                            Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
   Dr. Wang Gao                                              Cricket Square
                                                             Hutchins Drive
                                                             P.O. Box 2681
                                                             Grand Cayman KY1-1111
                                                             Cayman Islands




   Smoore International Holdings Limited
2 Interim Report 2024
                                             CORPORATE INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




Principal Place of Business in Hong           Principal Banks
Kong
                                              Bank of China Limited
Office B, 28/F, EGL Tower                     China Construction Bank Corporation
No. 83 Hung To Road                           Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
Kowloon                                       Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Hong Kong                                     China Merchants Bank
                                              CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited
                                              Bank of Ningbo Company Limited
Legal Advisers                                Bank of Shanghai Company Limited
                                              Citibank (China) Company Limited
Reed Smith Richards Butler LLP                China Everbright Bank Company Limited
DeHeng Law Offices (Shenzhen)                 China CITIC Bank International Limited
Conyers Dill & Pearman                        Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited



Auditor                                       Stock Short Name
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                      Smoore Intl
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors


                                              Stock Code
The Cayman Islands Principal Share
Registrar and Transfer Office                 6969

Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square                                Company’s Website
Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681                                 www.smooreholdings.com
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands
                                              Investor Relations Consultants

Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar              Christensen China Limited


Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong




                                                                   Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                     Interim Report 2024   3
   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



   Dear Shareholders,


   On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Smoore International Holdings Limited (“Smoore” or the
   “Company”), I am pleased to present the interim report of the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”)
   for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (“Review Period”).



   Business Review

   In the first half of 2024, the Group continued to uphold the corporate mission that atomization makes life better and achieved
   a relatively solid performance with a focus on atomization technology and constant efforts to expand the application thereof.
   During the Review Period, we continued our strategy of promoting a layout of a full range of products in the electronic
   vaping field by strengthening our market insights and brand building, improving our responsiveness to the end-market and
   accelerating the launch of a number of products to meet the needs of end-consumers on the basis of enhancing our global
   localised operation capability. Meanwhile, with our active efforts to expand atomization technology into more scenarios,
   inhalation therapy and beauty atomization were well progressed as planned and encouraging milestones were achieved
   during the Review Period.


   Regarding electronic vaping, the industry is developing with tightened regulations and enforcement, as well as faster product
   iteration. Over the Review Period, the regulatory framework for electronic vaping products has been gradually improved and
   enforcement against illicit products has been strengthened in major countries and regions around the world. In the first half
   of the year, many states in the United States were working on the introduction of registry bills for electronic vaping products
   successively; the menthol-flavoured electronic vaping products have received Marketing Authorizations in premarket
   tobacco product application ( ‘‘PMTA’’) from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( ‘‘FDA’’) for the first time; and some
   countries in Europe have planned to prohibit disposable electronic vaping products that are not rechargeable or refillable
   (“traditional disposable”). We believe that tighter regulations are a long-term trend in the industry, which is conducive to
   the long-term development of the industry and the resumption of sales of compliant products in the market. Besides, for
   the electronic vaping products, the market is also featured by shorter iteration cycles and faster new product launches. In
   addition to nicotine transmission efficiency, taste, flavour and other basic needs, some consumers are also expressing their
   new demands for the number of puffs, design and even interaction of electronic vaping products. In the European market,
   the demand for traditional disposable electronic vaping products is shifting towards newer closed- or open-system products.
   In order to be well-prepared for the industry trend of accelerated changes in regulations and product forms, we optimised
   our organisation to further enhance organisational agility. Further, as a quick response to market demand, we successfully
   launched a number of products in the first half of the year to cater for consumers’ different personalised needs. In terms of
   closed-system products, we officially launched the next generation vape pod solution — FEELM Pro — for the European
   market, which meets the consumers’ pursuit of high burst power, with higher and more stable taste reproduction and better
   consistent vaping experience. In view of the rest of the diversified international market, we launched various new products
   to satisfy consumers’ needs for multi-core, high-explosive and interactive products, which have gained wide attention and
   recognition from customers and users. In terms of open-system products, our self-owned brand VAPORESSO continued
   to gain its market share globally and has become an industry-leading brand in the world supported by its excellent localised
   operation and digital management systems, which provide increasingly accurate understanding and insights of the end-
   consumers. XROS 4, the updated version of XROS series launched during the Review Period, was once again proved to be
   hot and popular in the market, contributing to the rapid revenue growth of our self-branded business in the first half of the
   year.

   Smoore International Holdings Limited
4 Interim Report 2024
                                                                CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)




Regarding heat-not-burn products, we continued to increase our investment in research and development, and further
strengthened our patents and technology barriers during the first half of the year. At present, we have accumulated product
solutions differentiated from the mainstream products in the market, which have been highly recognised by customers.
In addition, we have been working closely with our strategic customers, aiming to provide them with integrated solutions
including products and technology service, which are expected to gradually contribute to the related business revenue in the
future.


Regarding atomization products for special purposes, in the first half of the year, we continued to refine our product mix,
build up our localised sales team and strengthen our channel penetration in order to produce products that are more in line
with consumer preferences and further improve our delivery speed and delivery capability.


We are actively developing diversified atomization-focused new businesses to expand the application of atomization
technology. During the Review Period, our inhalation therapy business and beauty atomization business progressed well
and achieved milestones respectively. For inhalation therapy business, we have completed the development and production
layout of several pharmaceutical devices for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), as well as the
development of more than 10 drug formulations. The results of our research have been widely recognised in the industry
and we are making full use of our research and development resources to develop cooperative relationships with external
customers in respect of research and development and production. For beauty atomization business, we successfully launch
MOYAL, the first atomizing beauty product that can atomize high-viscosity essence, in the first half of the year. Our current
focus is to optimize the business strategies and channel build-up.


In terms of technology research and product development, the Group continued to increase its investment in research and
development during the Review Period in order to maintain our leading edge in atomization technology and further expand
the application of atomization technology. In the first half of 2024, the Group’s investment in research and development
recorded a year-on-year increase, primarily for inhalation therapy and heat-not-burn products. In addition to in-house
research and development projects, we also collaborate with our customers, expect to provide product solutions and related
technological services to our customers in the future. The investment is expected to gradually turn into new revenue and
profit growth opportunities for the Group. During the Review Period, we identified our research and development priority
based on market insights, focusing on both underlying technology innovation and micro innovation tailored to personalized
consumer needs. Meanwhile, we continued to improve our research and development efficiency by upgrading the digital
research and development management system in July for the purpose of managing our research and development projects
in a more timely, accurate and comprehensive manner.


On the internal management front, attributable to our continuous efforts to implement cost-efficient measures, including the
implementation of stringent budget management and conducting Amoeba management in each major business unit, our
management efficiency was notably improved. During the Review Period, our administrative expenses decreased significantly
over the same period last year.




                                                                                      Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2024     5
   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)




   Outlook

   The industry is changing rapidly, and we believe steady progress brings long-term success.


   Regarding electronic vaping, on the one hand, the tightening of global regulations will be conducive to the gradual recovery
   of sales of compliant products. We will continue to embrace regulations and improve our compliance capabilities to assist our
   customers in launching new products that meet regulatory requirements and help them further increase their market share.
   On the other hand, as the iteration of electronic vaping products accelerates, we will stay rooted in the market and improve
   our market insights and industry foresight. Internally, we will continue to improve our operation efficiency, accelerate our
   response to the end-market, and introduce more new technologies and products that meet the diverse needs of consumers.
   We will take active steps to build a more flexible business cooperation model with our customers to create greater value for
   them. We believe that our compliance capabilities, industry foresight, market insights and technological leadership gained
   over the years will help the Group continue to maintain a leading position in such a highly regulated and rapidly changing
   market.


   Regarding heat-not-burn products, we will continue to invest in research and development, stockpile more differentiated
   products and solutions, build and strengthen patent barriers to be well-prepared for full commercialisation, and strive to
   provide more competitive product solutions and related technological services to our customers.


   Regarding atomization products for special purposes, constant efforts will be made to strengthen our localised operation
   capabilities and optimise our business model. In the second half of the year, we plan to launch more innovative products to
   further diversify our product mix and lay a solid foundation for securing additional market share.


   Regarding inhalation therapy, our efforts to develop drug-device combination products for respiratory diseases, such as
   asthma and COPD, will continue, so that more patients may benefit from our research results. Moreover, we will continue
   to forge closer research and development ties with our clients in the pharmaceutical industry in exchange for our research
   and development achievements. In the field of beauty atomization, we will further intensify product promotion and launch
   atomizing beauty products to corporate clients for commercial use at an opportune time.



   Sincere Appreciation

   Long as the journey is, we will reach our destination if we stay the course.


   Smoore is grateful to those who work together with us all the way, including regulators for their concern, customers for their
   trust, employees for their dedication and shareholders for their support.


   In the future, we look forward to continuing to work with all of the above parties to further promote the development of the
   industry and create greater value for our shareholders.


                                                                                                        Chen Zhiping
                                                                                                  Chairman of the Board
                                                                                        Smoore International Holdings Limited
   Smoore International Holdings Limited
6 Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                        FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2024                  2023         Changes
                                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000                   %
                                                                                                  Unaudited            Unaudited


     Revenue                                                                                       5,037,242           5,122,862                (1.7)
     Gross profit                                                                                  1,914,597           1,855,370                 3.2
     Gross profit margin                                                                              38.0%                 36.2%             1.8 pp
     Profit before tax                                                                              811,555               796,170                1.9
     Profit for the period                                                                          683,198               717,342               (4.8)
     Total comprehensive income for the period                                                      724,597               734,356               (1.3)
     Net profit margin                                                                                13.6%                 14.0%            (0.4 pp)


                                                                                                    30 June         31 December
                                                                                                        2024                  2023         Changes
                                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000                   %
                                                                                                  Unaudited               Audited


     Total assets                                                                                 26,540,994          25,508,284                 4.0
     Total equity                                                                                 21,324,640          21,409,609                (0.4)
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     6,534,871           5,332,076                22.6
     Asset-liability ratio (%)                                                                           19.7                 16.1            3.6 pp
     Current ratio (%)                                                                                  396.2                548.8         (152.6 pp)
     Trade and bills receivables turnover days (days)                                                    71.2                 68.5               3.9
     Inventory turnover days (days)                                                                      45.8                 43.3               5.8
     Trade and bills payables turnover days (days)                                                       71.1                 64.6              10.1


Notes:


1.       Cash and cash equivalents = demand deposits + time deposits with maturity of less than three months as at the end of the period


2.       Asset-liability ratio = total liabilities/total assets


3.       Current ratio = current assets/current liabilities


4.       Trade and bills receivables turnover days = average balance of trade and bills receivables/revenue × 180


5.       Inventory turnover days = average balance of inventory/cost of sales × 180


6.       Trade and bills payables turnover days = average balance of trade and bills payables/cost of sales × 180


7.       Average balance = (beginning balance for the period + ending balance for the period)/2




                                                                                                                Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2024   7
   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




   Principal Business of the Group

   The Group is a global leader in offering atomization technology solutions. During the Review Period, through our innovative
   and pioneering atomization technology solutions, we mainly operated three business segments: (1) research, design and
   manufacturing of closed system vaping products, vaping components, heat-not-burn products and atomization products for
   special purpose for a number of global leading tobacco companies, independent vaping and other corporate clients, as well
   as providing customers with technological services relating to the above products; (2) research, design, manufacturing and
   sale of self-branded open system vaping products, or advanced personal vaporizers (“APV”), for retail clients; and (3) new
   businesses such as inhalation therapy to provide patients with inhalation drug delivery products and related technological
   services and beauty atomization on a basis of atomization technology.


   In the first half of 2024, the Group continued its full-category product offerings, strengthened market insight and adhered to
   compliance operations, achieving robust performance.


   In terms of technological research and product development, aiming at leading in technology and products and guided by
   market demand, the Group continued to optimize its research and development management system to achieve scientific
   classification management of its research and development projects, which effectively enhanced the efficiency of its research
   and development. During the Review Period, the Group set up project teams for key research and development projects to
   rapidly shorten product research and development time. It successfully launched a number of new product solutions within a
   short period of time, thus actively responding to market changes and customer needs. For closed system vaping products,
   the Group’s new products not only meet the underlying demand for better user experiences and more efficient nicotine
   delivery, but also achieve comprehensive breakthroughs in terms of appearance, design, product interaction and other
   aspects. A number of new products to meet different consumer needs were launched in the first half of the year, winning
   wide attention from customers. The first disposable solution with four-sided surrounding screens, ultra-high wattage and
   big puffs has ultra-high heating power equipped with four heating coils, bringing consumers premium use experience with a
   variety of modes and different puffs. FEELM Turbo DUO, the first 20,000-puff high-burst dual-coil disposable solution in the
   world, enhances the explosive taste of consumers with a dual-ceramic coil combination. For open system vaping products,
   we launched an iterative version of XROS for mouth-to-lung category and GEN for direct-to-lung category, which are popular
   among consumers after their launch in the first half of the year, helping to further increase the market share of our own
   brand VAPORESSO. In addition to self-research projects, the Group is also actively cooperating with clients in research and
   development in the fields of inhalation therapy and heat-not-burn products, and is expected to provide product solutions and
   related technological services to customers in the future.




   Smoore International Holdings Limited
8 Interim Report 2024
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




In terms of marketing, the Group continued to enhance its user insights and channel control capabilities. During the Review
Period, it continued to build up its localized marketing teams and strengthened its international market expansion. With the
help of digital system to capture consumer preferences in real time, the Group quickly launched a number of new products
that accurately meet the different needs of consumers. The Group is planning to provide customers with value-added
services such as market insights and promotions through innovative partnerships. In the first half of the year, the Group
launched MOYAL (“ 嵐 至 ” in Chinese) beauty atomization products for retail customers, and is in the process of promoting
the product through the leading online platforms in the Mainland of China, and has completed the initial development of the
business model. During the Review Period, the Group continued to increase its localized presence in international markets
to further build up the enterprise’s global operation capability and lay the foundation for achieving long-term growth in the
future. As of 30 June 2024, the Group has been operating 6 distribution centers in Europe and the United States as well as
a number of international sales and research and development centers, and had follow-up plans to further strengthen the
deployment of its international distribution centers in accordance with market changes and customer needs. The globalized
presence is conducive for the Group not only to approaching its consumers and understanding changing market trends, but
also to approaching its customers, saving costs and enhancing delivery speed.


In terms of internal management, the Group continued to promote cost reduction and efficiency enhancement. During
the Review Period, the Group continued to improve its operational efficiency by promoting Amoeba management and
strengthening the budget management system in its major business segments. During the Review Period, a significant
reduction in administrative expenses was successfully achieved.




                                                                                      Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2024     9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




     Business Review

     Summary of Material Laws, Regulations, Executive Orders and Policies Updates
     The following table supplements the related disclosures in the prospectus of the Company dated 29 June 2020, past interim
     and annual reports and illustrates major updates of material laws, regulations, executive orders and policies in relation
     to e-cigarette and the tobacco products of the electronic vaping device industry promulgated or proposed by relevant
     authorities in our major markets (“Material Laws, Regulations, Executive Orders and Policies Updates”) as well as the
     revenue contribution of the affected products sold in such major markets as a percentage of our total revenue for the six
     months ended 30 June 2024:

                                                                                                                  Revenue
                                                                                                             Contribution(2)
                                                                                                                        (%)
                      Material Laws, Regulations,                                                                for the six
       Principal Sale Executive Orders and Policies           Relevant Products, Potential Impact and        months ended
       Jurisdictions Updates                                  Compliance Status                               30 June 2024

       U.S.(1)           Premarket tobacco application As of 30 June 2024, the Food and Drug                          11.2%
                         (“PMTA”) filing requirements for Administration (“FDA”) has taken action on               (Revenue
                         electronic nicotine delivery system more than 99% of PMTA submitted as of the contribution from
                         (“ENDS”) products, including devices, deadline, being 9 September 2020. Among the U.S. market
                         assemblies and/or components that them, marketing denial orders (“MDO”) have        for the Review
                         deliver vaporized e-liquids when been issued for more than 1 million non-               Period was
                         inhaled.                              tobacco and non-menthol-flavored and          approximately
                                                               certain menthol-flavored ENDS products.                40.6%
                                                               Many manufacturers have challenged these       if considering
                                                               MDOs in court, and as of 30 June 2024,               products
                                                               three federal appellate court had cancelled     transshipped
                                                               certain MDOs for tobacco, non-tobacco and             through
                                                               non-menthol-flavored ENDS products, while      Hong Kong)(3)
                                                               other appeals continue on the merits. In June
                                                               2024, the FDA issued the first marketing
                                                               granted order (“MGO”) for menthol-flavored
                                                               ENDS products. The MDOs issued by the
                                                               FDA for at least other eight menthol-flavored
                                                               products have also been put on hold by the
                                                               court. In January 2024, the FDA issued its
                                                               first MDO for an open ENDS product for
                                                               reasons unrelated to flavor. As of the date
                                                               of this report, the FDA had issued marketing
                                                               authorization for 18 closed-system tobacco-
                                                               flavored ENDS products and 4 closed-system
                                                               menthol-flavored ENDS products produced
                                                               by the Group for its clients.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
10 Interim Report 2024
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




                                                                                                          Revenue
                                                                                                     Contribution(2)
                                                                                                                (%)
               Material Laws, Regulations,                                                               for the six
Principal Sale Executive Orders and Policies             Relevant Products, Potential Impact and     months ended
Jurisdictions Updates                                    Compliance Status                            30 June 2024

United         As advised by external legal counsels,                                                          22.7%
Kingdom        no new material laws, regulations,                                                           (Revenue
               executive orders and rules were                                                       generated from
               issued in the United Kingdom for the                                                       disposable
               six months ended 30 June 2024. On                                                            electronic
               29 January 2024, the UK Government                                                   vaping products
               announced a ban that prohibited sales                                                 delivered to the
               of disposable e-cigarettes, aiming to                                                United Kingdom
               address the rising number of youth                                                      accounted for
               who use e-cigarettes. The details                                                       approximately
               of the ban are still subject to further                                              1.1% of the total
               planning by the UK Government and                                                      revenue during
               the results of the public consultation,                                                    the Review
               and subject to review and approval                                                              Period)
               by the UK Parliament. It is expected
               to have a six-month transition period
               upon the official announcement of the
               ban.




                                                                                 Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




                                                                                                                        Revenue
                                                                                                                   Contribution(2)
                                                                                                                              (%)
                      Material Laws, Regulations,                                                                      for the six
       Principal Sale Executive Orders and Policies                 Relevant Products, Potential Impact and        months ended
       Jurisdictions Updates                                        Compliance Status                               30 June 2024

       E.U.              In accordance with Directive 2014/40/ In accordance with Article 6 of Regulation                   8.1%
                         EU, Regulation (EU) 2018/574 and (EU) 2018/574, all tobacco products shall
                         Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/573, be marked in each unit packet with a unique
                         the requirement for a traceability identifier. This measure aims to enhance the
                         system for tobacco products shall traceability of tobacco products in the E.U.
                         apply to all tobacco products, not just market.
                         cigarettes and roll-your-own tobacco,
                         from 20 May 2024.                           Economic operators shall be obliged to keep
                                                                     comprehensive information on the movement
                         R e g a r d i n g f l a v o r b a n s a n d of their products. Economic operators shall
                         standardized packaging for heated be prepared to provide this information to
                         tobacco products: (1) From 1 January the European competent authorities upon
                         2025, the Latvian legislature enacted a request. This requirement aims to enhance
                         ban on all flavors (except the tobacco supervision and reduce illicit trade.
                         flavor) in e-cigarette; (2) In March
                         2024, Slovenia passed legislation
                         banning all flavors (except the tobacco
                         and menthol flavors) in e-cigarettes
                         and providing a 12-month transition
                         period for manufacturers and retailers
                         to comply with the new legislation;
                         (3) From 1 July 2024, Norway has
                         implemented its own flavor restrictions
                         and made standardized packaging
                         mandatory; (4) From 1 January
                         2024, Bulgaria has implemented a
                         new regulation requiring all heated
                         tobacco products (except those with
                         a tobacco flavor) to display a warning
                         of the risks associated with their use
                         on their packaging.

                         Regarding the ban on the sale of
                         disposable e-cigarettes: In March
                         2024, Belgium received approval
                         from the European Union (EU) to ban
                         disposable e-cigarettes, with the ban
                         set to take effect on 1 January 2025.

                         Regarding the tax: From 1 January
                         2024, Belgium has imposed a new
                         tax on e-cigarette liquids. The tax is
                         US15 cents per milliliter of e-cigarette
                         liquid. This tax measure mainly
                         aims to reduce the consumption of
                         e-cigarettes by increasing their cost.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
12 Interim Report 2024
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




                                                                                                                                              Revenue
                                                                                                                                         Contribution(2)
                                                                                                                                                    (%)
                     Material Laws, Regulations,                                                                                             for the six
      Principal Sale Executive Orders and Policies                            Relevant Products, Potential Impact and                    months ended
      Jurisdictions Updates                                                   Compliance Status                                           30 June 2024

      Hong Kong,          As advised by external legal counsels, From 30 April 2022, importing, promoting, 36.9% (Revenue
      China               no new material laws, regulations, manufacturing, selling or possessing ASPs          contribution
                          executive orders and rules were for commercial purposes have been banned. from Hong Kong
                          issued in Hong Kong, China for the However, the proposed further restriction       transshipment
                          six months ended 30 June 2024.            will not affect the regulatory framework     to the U.S.
                                                                    administered by the Hong Kong Customs       market was
                          T h e H o n g K o n g g o v e r n m e n t and Excise Department under which the    approximately
                          announced on 6 June 2024 that it transshipment of ASPs via sea-to-air and           29.4% during
                          proposed to prohibit the possession land-to-air modes is allowed.                      the Review
                          of Alternative Smoking Products (ASPs)                                                     Period)
                          in the short term in order to achieve
                          the goal of imposing a total ban on
                          ASPs.

      Japan               As advised by external legal counsels,                                                                                      2.3%
                          no new material laws, regulations,
                          executive orders and rules were
                          issued in Japan for the six months
                          ended 30 June 2024.

      Mainland of         As advised by external legal counsels,                                                                           Revenue from
      China               no new material laws, regulations,                                                                                 Mainland of
                          executive orders and rules were                                                                                   China market
                          issued in Mainland of China for the six                                                                          accounted for
                          months ended 30 June 2024.                                                                                       approximately
                                                                                                                                                   1.7%


Notes:


(1)      In the U.S. market, only federal level laws, regulations, executive orders, and policies were summarized.


(2)      During the Review Period, unless otherwise specified, the percentage of revenue contribution demonstrates the portion of our affected business
         calculated by countries where direct customers were registered, excluding indirect sales. The percentage of revenue contribution for the year ended 30
         June 2024 also represents the portion of our business that will be affected by the same regulations in the future, assuming the percentage of revenue
         contribution remains constant and there is no further change to the legislative regimes in relation to e-cigarettes and vaping devices in the relevant
         jurisdictions.


(3)      Revenue contribution from the U.S. excluded products transshipped through Hong Kong. Taking into account products transshipped through Hong
         Kong, the revenue contribution from the U.S. market during the Review Period was approximately 40.6%.



The legal department of the Group will continue to cooperate with external professionals to closely monitor global regulatory
developments and changes related to our business activities, and adjust our business activities such as research and
development (“R&D”) and production in a timely manner to ensure that our business activities comply with regulations and
adapt to the regulatory environment changes. At the same time, the Group will continue to diversify our revenue in different
countries and regions, expand our product portfolio, promote the application of atomization technology in industries such as
medical and health, and develop a brand-new atomization technology industry.

                                                                                                                 Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024            13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




     Sales and Marketing
     During the Review Period, the Group recorded sales revenue of approximately RMB5,037,242,000, which decreased by
     approximately 1.7% as compared to the same period last year. Among which, the revenue from self-branded business sales
     was approximately RMB1,115,607,000, which increased by approximately 71.9% as compared to the same period last
     year and the proportion of total revenue increased from approximately 12.7% in the same period last year to approximately
     22.1% in the Review Period. The revenue from corporate client oriented sales was approximately RMB3,921,635,000,
     which decreased by approximately 12.3% as compared to the same period last year, and the proportion of total revenue
     decreased from approximately 87.3% in the same period last year to approximately 77.9% in the Review Period.


     During the Review Period, the Group’s self-branded business achieved rapid growth, realizing revenue of approximately
     RMB1,115,607,000, representing a significant increase of approximately 71.9% as compared to the same period last
     year. Among which, in the European and other markets, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB928,687,000,
     representing a growth of approximately 88.0% as compared to the same period last year. In the U.S. market, revenue was
     approximately RMB186,920,000, representing a growth of approximately 20.6% year-on-year. The Group’s self-branded
     business has comprehensively promoted the digital marketing operation, thus realizing the monitoring and management of
     channels through the digital platform as well as real-time and rapid response to consumer needs. Meanwhile, the Group has
     further stepped up its efforts in international market development. It has vigorously promoted the localization of its insight,
     research and development, product and sales systems in major global markets to ensure that new products not only satisfy
     diversified consumer needs, but also can be quickly rolled out to retail terminals. With precise insights into user needs, XRO
     4, the iterative version of XROS launched by the Group in the first half of the year, has once again become a market hit. The
     Group’s self-branded VAPORESSO has continued to increase its market share in the open system product segment and
     has become the leading brand in this category.


     During the Review Period, the Group’s revenue from corporate client oriented sales was approximately RMB3,921,635,000,
     which decreased by approximately 12.3% as compared to the same period last year, exhibiting different sales performances
     in different markets around the world.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
14 Interim Report 2024
                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




In the U.S. market, the Group mainly sells electronic vaping products and atomization products for special purpose.
Adhering to our customer-first business philosophy, we have successfully helped one of our major customers maintain its
No. 1 market share in the United States in the category of closed system pod-based products through measures such as
improving the level of production automation and intelligence and optimizing the cost structure. During the Review Period,
there were still a large number of non-compliant electronic vaping products in the U.S. vaping market. However, the
regulatory framework for non-compliant electronic vaping products in the U.S. has been further clarified this year, and the law
enforcement has been significantly strengthened. During the Review Period, a number of states in the U.S. pushed forward
electronic vaping registry bills one after another, while the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) and the Department
of Justice cooperated to set up a federal multi-agency task force to combat the sales of non-compliant electronic vaping
products. The first menthol-flavored electronic vaping products have received Marketing Authorizations in premarket tobacco
product application (“PMTA”). Benefiting from the impact of enhanced law enforcement, although the Group’s pod-based
electronic vaping products declined year-on-year in the first half of the year, revenue from the category showed a quarter-on-
quarter improvement trend. Revenue from pod-based products in the U.S. in the second quarter increased by approximately
6.1% quarter-on-quarter and approximately 6.5% year-on-year. Leveraging its strengths in compliance capability, safety and
user experience, the Group is expected to further recover its performance in the U.S. market. During the Review Period, the
Group’s atomization products for special purpose business was still under recovery. The Group is now actively promoting
localization and branding, and continues to strengthen channel penetration and optimize its business model. Taking into
account the products transshipped through Hong Kong, revenue of approximately RMB1,858,160,000 was realized in the
U.S. market, representing a decrease of approximately 9.8% as compared to the same period last year, and the proportion
of total revenue decreased from approximately 40.2% in the same period last year to approximately 36.9% in the Review
Period.


In the European and other markets, the Group’s corporate client oriented business mainly involves the sale of closed
system electronic vaping products. Recently, there has been a gradual increase in regulation of the electronic vaping
market in Europe, and demand for disposable electronic vaping products that are not rechargeable or refillable (“traditional
disposable”) is shifting to new closed and open system products. The strengthening of regulation has provided new growth
opportunities for manufacturers with strict compliance, large capacity, strong insight and quick response. The Group’s
revenue from closed system pod-based products showed a clear quarter-on-quarter improvement trend, with revenue
from closed system pod-based products in the second quarter surging by approximately 93.2% as compared to the first
quarter in the European and other markets, achieving year-on-year growth of approximately 22.5% in the second quarter.
During the Review Period, the Group supported its strategic customers in launching new generation of closed system
electronic vaping products in the European and other markets, which perform better at user experiences and taste than the
previous generation. During the course of regulatory enhancement, the demand for traditional disposable products from
some customers was significantly affected, so the Group’s revenue from disposable electronic vaping products decreased
by approximately 18.9% year-on-year to approximately RMB1,217,423,000. During the Review Period, the Group’s
corporate client oriented business realized revenue of approximately RMB1,975,700,000 in the European and other markets,
representing a decrease of approximately 16.0% as compared to the same period last year, and the proportion of the total
revenue decreased from approximately 45.9% in the same period last year to approximately 39.3% in the Review Period.
The Group has successfully launched a number of new closed system products in the international market in the first half of
the year to meet the different needs of consumers, and is confident that this will translate into stronger orders in the second
half of the year, contributing to the further recovery of sales revenue in the European and other markets in the second half of
the year.


                                                                                       Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024      15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




     In the Mainland of China market, the Group’s corporate client oriented business is mainly the sale of closed system
     electronic vaping products. During the Review Period, the Group’s sales revenue in the Mainland of China market amounted
     to approximately RMB87,775,000, representing an increase of approximately 41.4% as compared to the same period last
     year and accounting for approximately 1.7% of the total revenue.


     Research and Development
     We truly believe that science and technology are the core drivers for corporate development. Being a high-tech
     manufacturing enterprise, we deem innovative products meeting market demand as our life source, and investments in
     technology as the core of product innovation. By adhering to such concept, we have built a research and development
     team with a size of more than 1,400 persons globally and allocated investments in research and development far more than
     that of our peers, which has laid a solid foundation for innovation and provided strong support for sustainable and healthy
     development of the Group. Taking full advantage of the innovative resources in the entire innovation ecosystem is vital to
     maintain innovative momentum for the Group. In 2023, we improved our innovation organization, working mechanisms and
     innovation cooperation model. On this basis, since entering 2024, we have closely tracked market dynamics, continuously
     optimized our product planning and technology planning, and guided the deployment of research and development
     resources with our corporate strategy and technology and product planning, forming a dynamic rolling optimization
     mechanism to continuously improve the efficiency of technology research and product development.


     Based on the capability of the entire innovation management system from market to basic research, we have continuously
     deepened various management measures, formed a quantifiable and traceable indicator system for the entire lifecycle,
     and implemented reform initiatives for each innovation segment. In the process of research and development, we saw
     the effect of comprehensive digital management, realized comprehensive quantification of project progress and achieved
     comprehensive improvement of human efficiency management. In product development, through process optimization
     and target optimization, we have significantly shortened the development cycle from project initiation to market launch. In
     technological research, the distribution of resources has been quantified and controllable, and comprehensively focused on
     the direction of technology planning and corporate strategy, so as to concentrate on breaking through the key technological
     difficulties and support the rapid advancement of next-generation strategic product platforms. In organizational capability
     building, we have comprehensively carried out construction of product manager team building, project manager team
     building, technical expert team building and technical talent team building, and constructed an innovative talent echelon
     around the innovation chain, so as to lay a solid talent foundation for the long-term development of the Company’s
     innovation system.


     In the field of electronic vaping, we not only continue to promote iterative upgrade on our successful product platforms, but
     also actively enhance user experience in terms of multi-coil high burst power, product digitization, interactive experience
     and other aspects. We launched a series of products to improve their cost-effectiveness and user experience to provide
     differentiated user experience for consumers around the world. The new generation of pod-based solution, FEELM PRO,
     adopts the latest developed ultra-thin high burst technology, boosting a larger atomization area, stronger flavor reproduction
     and higher taste consistency. FEELM TURBO Duo equipped with two heated coils brings consumers a sugary atomization
     experience with more bursting taste. The world’s first disposable solution with four-side surrounding screens and ultra-high
     wattage brings an interactive experience through the four-sided screens and provides consumers with a rich and powerful
     flavor through four coils with the ultra-high power of 40 watts. The newly launched XROS 4 and XROS 4 mini with COREX 2.0
     technology have once again become market hits.

     Smoore International Holdings Limited
16 Interim Report 2024
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




In the field of heat-not-burn products, we continued to increase investment in research and development in the first half of
the year, and have continued to strengthened patents and technical barriers. At present, we have developed technology
and products that are differentiated from the mainstream products in the market, and we are committed to providing better
solutions for our customers.


In the field of atomization products for special purpose, targeting new niche market in the field, the Group launched ultra-thin
heaters to greatly enhance the taste and quality of disposable products. The ceramic heaters and new product platforms
based on this are progressing well, forming a multi-generation technology platform with clear advantages. On this basis, the
new structural design has substantially enhanced the refilling manufacturing efficiency of our customers, improved product
quality and yield, and realized a win-win situation.


In respect of beauty atomization, MOYAL (“嵐 至 ” in Chinese) brand, the first beauty atomization product solution, made
its debut in the first quarter of 2024 and has become the first beauty product that achieves atomization of high-viscosity
skin-care essence in the industry. This product platform comprises efficient essence, atomizer and penetration enhancing
appliance, which have made precise delivery and efficient penetration of skin care essence possible and significantly boosted
natural absorption efficiency. It is expected that the product will bring a new generation of contactless, efficient and safe way
of skin care to the consumers.


One of the Group’s research and development centers in the United States is fully qualified for the research and
development, production, quality testing, pharmacy and clinical study as well as registration and application of inhalation
drug-device combination product. During the Review Period, the Group completed the research and development and the
production deployment of several drug delivery devices for the treatment for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease, as well as the development of more than 10 drug formulations. All of these devices and drug formulations were
recognized by the drug regulatory administrations in Europe and the United States. At the same time, the Group has reached
consensus with drug regulatory administrations in the United Kingdom, the United States and Europe in respect of the
research and development planning of such products, which has entered the preclinical stage and been put into production
for the exhibit batch. The Group has obtained recognition from the industry in terms of its research and development
capabilities and achievements in the field of pharmaceuticals, and is now actively cooperating with external clients in research
and development and production by utilizing its research and development resources.


While maintaining its technological leadership, the Group continues to build up a global intellectual property protection
system to continuously strengthen its intellectual property barriers against core technologies and to protect its own product
brands and technology brands. During the Review Period, the Group filed 699 new patent applications worldwide, including
401 patents for invention. As of 30 June 2024, the Group had filed, accumulatively, a total of 8,394 patents worldwide,
including 4,268 patents for invention.




                                                                                        Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024       17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




     During the Review Period, the Group’s total research and development expenditure amounted to approximately
     RMB760,112,000, representing an increase of approximately 23.7% as compared to the same period last year and an
     increase as a percentage of revenue from approximately 12.0% in the same period last year to approximately 15.1% in the
     Review Period. The increase was mainly attributable to the fields of inhalation therapy and heat-not-burn products. The
     research and development expenditures by different business were as below:


                                                             For the six months ended 30 June
                                                            2024                            2023                    Changes
                                                    RMB’000                %        RMB’000                %               %


       Research and development of electronic
         nicotine delivery system (including
         electronic vaping products and
         heat-not-burn products)                     481,988             63.4        418,776             68.1            15.1
       Research and development of
         atomization products for special
         purpose and solutions                         92,653            12.2         82,322             13.4            12.5
       Research and development of inhalation
         therapy and beauty atomization
         products                                    185,471             24.4        113,626             18.5            63.2


       Total                                         760,112            100.0        614,724            100.0            23.7


     Production and Operation
     In 2024, the product iteration cycle was shortened as cost competition in the electronic vaping market intensified. During
     the Review Period, the Group maximized efficiency by increasing employee motivation and engagement through Amoeba
     management. For existing products, we continued to drive cost improvement. For new products, the production and
     operation team successfully shortened the ramp-up time for mass production and enhanced efficiency by participating in
     the design of manufacturability of the products in advance and upgrading the level of process design and other methods. In
     addition, the Group has made a lot of efforts to improve the management level of production and operations, and actively
     promoted the reduction of manufacturing costs through the integration and coordination of resources such as man, machine,
     material and method in production and operations. During the Review Period, the Group significantly improved the efficiency
     of its production and operations, which strongly supported the enhancement of product competitiveness.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
18 Interim Report 2024
                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




Future Prospects and Strategies

The Group is committed to building the world’s leading atomization technology platform and is confident in the long-term
growth of the global atomization market. In the future, we will continue to focus on “atomization technology” as the core
and proactively lay out its business in the fields of electronic vaping products, heat-not-burn products, atomization products
for special purpose, inhalation therapy and beauty atomization, so as to provide comprehensive atomization technology
solutions to our customers and users.


Regarding electronic vaping, according to Sullivan report, the global market for electronic vaping products will reach
approximately US$102.32 billion in 2028 based on retail price, with a projected compound growth rate of approximately
11.0% between 2023 and 2028. In recent years, regulatory frameworks of major countries around the world have been
introduced one after another, imposing gradually intensifying regulation. However, the presence of non-compliant products
during the regulatory enforcement process has affected user demand in the compliant market. The Group believes that the
intensified efforts in regulation and enforcement will be conducive to the long-term development of the industry as well as the
development and growth of compliant enterprises. The Group will continue to strengthen its compliant operation capability to
assist more customers in market expansion. In terms of products, the Group adheres to the strategy of full-category product
offerings. In recent years, the global electronic vaping market has exhibited blurred boundaries among different categories of
products and shorter product iteration cycle. Consumers have begun to pursue more personalized options for their products
in addition to the most basic needs for taste and flavor. The Group will continue with its full-category product offerings.
On the basis of adhering to its technological and manufacturing leadership, the Group will strengthen its market insights
and speed up its response to the end-market in order to meet the diversified needs of consumers. Meanwhile, leveraging
its consumer insights and brand operation capabilities accumulated over the years, the Group is planning to deepen its
cooperation with its customers to provide more customized services on the basis of providing research and development
and manufacturing services, so as to help its customers achieve greater success in the ever-changing market. The Group
is confident that it will continue to maintain its global leading position in the electronic vaping field through accurate market
insights, cutting-edge technology reserves and flexible business models.


Regarding heat-not-burn products, according to the Sullivan report, the global market size for heat-not-burn products will
reach approximately US$75.51 billion in 2028 based on retail price, with a projected compound growth rate of approximately
15.5% from 2023 to 2028. We maintain close cooperation with strategic customers and aim to provide them with overall
solutions including products and technological services, which are expected to gradually contribute to the revenue in the
future.


Regarding atomization products for special purpose, according to Sullivan report, the global market for atomization products
for special purpose will reach approximately US$2.09 billion in 2028 based on ex-factory price, with a projected compound
growth rate of approximately 10.9% from 2023 to 2028. The Group will continue to launch innovative products, expand
product offerings, strengthen brand building and optimize its business model on this basis. The Group is confident that this
business will gradually recover in the future and evolve into one of the key business pillars of the Group.




                                                                                         Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                           Interim Report 2024      19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




     Regarding inhalation therapy, we are committed to developing generic drugs for several leading products used in Europe
     and the United States for the treatment of asthma and COPD, in order to appropriately lower the price of the products while
     ensuring the same level of safety and efficacy, thus making the treatments more affordable to a wider range of patients.
     According to a report in 2023 released by Market Research Future, an international market research firm, the global market
     for drugs and drug delivery devices for the treatment of these two indications reached approximately US$56.01 billion in
     2022 and is expected to reach approximately US$93.28 billion in 2030, representing a promising market outlook. The Group
     will, on the one hand, continue to steadily advance the development of drug-device combination products for the treatment
     of respiratory diseases such as asthma and COPD in accordance with the established product development plan, and on
     the other hand, will collaborate with external parties in research and development and manufacturing by utilizing its research
     and development resources, with a view to complementing each other’s strengths and giving full play to the value of the
     team. The Group will continue to improve its research and development efficiency and strive to complete the process from
     product development, mass production, marketing approval to commercialization in accordance with the established plan.
     The inhalation therapy business is expected to gradually contribute to the Group’s revenue in the future.


     Regarding beauty atomization, according to Euromonitor, an international market research firm, the market size of home
     beauty devices in China was approximately RMB28.97 billion in 2023 in terms of retail price, and is expected to reach
     approximately RMB37.22 billion in 2028. The market size of skin care products in China was approximately RMB323.81
     billion in 2023 in terms of retail price, and is expected to reach approximately RMB413.47 billion in 2028. The Group’s
     beauty atomization business, which aims to provide users with efficient skincare solutions combining devices and essence,
     plans to conduct a wider marketing promotion in the second half of the year and will launch more professional MOYAL
     skincare products targeting corporate clients such as beauty salons, in a bid to contribute more revenue to the Group.


     Regarding research and development, the Group will continue to adhere to the concept that “science and technology are
     primary productive forces”, and uphold the principle of compliance operation and the route of technological differentiation,
     so as to lay a good foundation for the launch of innovative products in the future. Based on the above-mentioned business
     fields, the Company’s established business strategies as well as the main research and development tasks, the Group will
     continuously enhance consumer insights, conduct research and development based on market, and focus on addressing
     core technological pain points in the industry, thus strategically creating a platform with commercial value for products. In the
     future, the Group will focus on key projects in electronic vaping, while increasing its investment in research and development
     in the fields such as heat-not-burn products and inhalation therapy products, thereby building product portfolio with stronger
     development momentum. Apart from self-developed project, the Group also conducts research and development in
     collaboration with its customers, and share the benefits of cooperation with them. Thanks to the Group’s progresses made
     in technologies, products and system building, we are confident that we will be able to iterate our product portfolio quickly
     under the premise of compliance and continue to maintain our leading position in our key business areas.


     Regarding market development and sales, the Group will continue to enhance its market insight and capabilities on channel
     penetration, as well as improve the efficiency in delivering to local customers through an efficient operational model and
     enhanced organizational flexibility, in order to continuously meet the rapidly changing market demands.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
20 Interim Report 2024
                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




Regarding business operation, in the second half of the year, the Group’s sale, research and development, procurement
and operation teams will work closely to continuously promote cost reduction in production of electronic vaping products,
enhancement of delivery efficiency and improvement of quality. By various ways such as the enhancement of operation and
management capabilities, and the application of new technology, the Group will further shorten delivery cycle while providing
customers with more valuable products, thus enhancing our competitiveness in the market. Quality has always been our
core concern. Therefore, we will continue to strengthen the building of quality capability. Through reliability verification of
new products and quality control over mass-production products, the Group strives to provide customers with high-quality
products. Meanwhile, the Group will further sort and study the manufacturing craftsmanship of all kinds of electronic vaping
products thoroughly, build a standard process library and further develop corresponding solutions for standard automation,
which will contribute to speeding up the introduction of new products and maximizing production efficiency. Finally, working
with customers and suppliers, we will continue to optimize environment-friendly design process including removable
battery, further explore recyclable or degradable environment-friendly materials and continuously promote deplasticized and
lightweight packaging of materials and packaging of products, to create more environment-friendly and low-carbon green
products, thus delivering greater value to the society.


In the future, the Group will launch differentiated new products that can stand out in core areas. Apart from that, the Group
will also continue to expand the application of atomization technology and strive to create greater value for our customers
and consumers with our leading technology and innovative products, by which we are able to bring sustainable returns to
our shareholders with healthy growth in business.



Financial Review

During the Review Period, the total revenue of the Group was approximately RMB5,037,242,000 (the corresponding
period in 2023: approximately RMB5,122,862,000), representing a decrease of approximately 1.7% as compared to the
same period last year. The Group’s gross profit margin was approximately 38.0% (the corresponding period in 2023:
approximately 36.2%). The Group’s total profit before tax was approximately RMB811,555,000 (the corresponding period in
2023: approximately RMB796,170,000), representing an increase of approximately 1.9% as compared to the same period
last year. The Group’s total comprehensive income for the period was approximately RMB724,597,000 (the corresponding
period in 2023: approximately RMB734,356,000), representing a decrease of approximately 1.3% as compared to the same
period last year. The increase in the Group’s total profit before tax for the Review Period compared with the corresponding
period last year was primarily attributable to the higher gross profit margin, the increase in other income and the remarkable
decline in administrative expenses, offsetting the impacts of the increases in research and development expenses and selling
expenses. Total comprehensive income for the period decreased year-on-year, mainly because the increase in profit before
tax was less than the increase in income tax expenses.




                                                                                       Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024      21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




     1.   Revenue — Categorized by Business Types
                                                            For the six months ended 30 June
                                                            2024                            2023                    Changes
                                                    RMB’000                %        RMB’000               %               %


            Self-branded business sales            1,115,607             22.1        648,852            12.7            71.9
            Corporate client oriented sales        3,921,635             77.9      4,474,010            87.3           (12.3)


            Total                                  5,037,242            100.0      5,122,862           100.0             (1.7)


          (1) Self-branded business sales
                The Group’s self-branded business sales products are mainly open system vaping products and related ancillary
                products. During the Review Period, revenue from self-branded business sales amounted to approximately
                RMB1,115,607,000 (the corresponding period in 2023: approximately RMB648,852,000), representing an
                increase of approximately 71.9% as compared to the same period last year. Revenue from the Europe and
                other countries and regions amounted to approximately RMB928,687,000 (the corresponding period in 2023:
                approximately RMB493,923,000), representing an increase of approximately 88.0% as compared to the same
                period last year, while revenue from the United States amounted to approximately RMB186,920,000 (the
                corresponding period in 2023: approximately RMB154,929,000), representing an increase of approximately
                20.6% as compared to the same period last year.


          (2) Corporate client oriented sales
                During the Review Period, revenue from corporate client oriented sales amounted to approximately
                RMB3,921,635,000 (the corresponding period in 2023: approximately RMB4,474,010,000), representing a
                decrease of approximately 12.3% as compared to the same period last year, (i) revenue from the Europe and
                other countries and regions amounted to approximately RMB1,975,700,000 (the corresponding period in 2023:
                approximately RMB2,351,548,000), representing a decrease of approximately 16.0% as compared to the same
                period last year, and the proportion of total revenue decreased from approximately 45.9% for the same period
                last year to approximately 39.3% in the Review Period; (ii) revenue from the United States market amounted
                to approximately RMB1,858,160,000 (the corresponding period in 2023: approximately RMB2,060,375,000),
                representing a decrease of approximately 9.8% as compared to the same period last year, and the proportion of
                total revenue decreased from approximately 40.2% for the same period last year to approximately 36.9% in the
                Review Period; (iii) revenue from the Mainland of China market amounted to approximately RMB87,775,000 (the
                corresponding period in 2023: approximately RMB62,087,000), representing an increase of approximately 41.4%
                as compared to the same period last year, and the proportion of total revenue increased from approximately 1.2%
                for the same period last year to approximately 1.7% in the Review Period.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
22 Interim Report 2024
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




Revenue — Categorized by Customers’ Places of Incorporation

                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                 2024                                      2023                            Changes
                                                      RMB’000                        %           RMB’000                       %                    %


     Europe and other countries and
       regions                                        2,287,394                   45.4          2,182,129                   42.6                   4.8
     Hong Kong, China*                                1,858,393                   36.9          2,058,603                   40.2                  (9.7)
     U.S.                                               564,812                   11.2            488,923                    9.5                 15.5
     Mainland of China**                                326,643                    6.5            393,207                    7.7                (16.9)


     Total                                            5,037,242                  100.0          5,122,862                 100.0                   (1.7)


*       Revenue generated from Hong Kong is on a re-export or transshipment basis and, to our knowledge, none of our products are distributed or
        sold in Hong Kong. Our clients incorporated in Hong Kong are mainly responsible for the transshipment for our international clients or trading
        companies. During the Review Period, revenue from products sold to the United States via Hong Kong amounted to approximately RMB1,480,268,000 (the
        corresponding period in 2023: approximately RMB1,726,382,000), representing approximately 79.7% of revenue from Hong Kong, China (the
        corresponding period in 2023: approximately 83.9%).


**      During the Review Period, the Group’s revenue from the Mainland of China market was approximately RMB326,643,000 (the corresponding
        period in 2023: approximately RMB393,207,000). To our knowledge, revenue from the Mainland of China market includes some of the revenue
        that exported to international markets ultimately. Excluding those effects, revenue generated by the Group from the Mainland of China during
        the Review Period was approximately RMB87,775,000 (the corresponding period in 2023: approximately RMB62,087,000), accounting for
        approximately 1.7% (the corresponding period in 2023: approximately 1.2%) of total revenue.



Taking into account the above impact, the final distribution of the Group’s product sales is roughly as follows:


                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June
                                                            2024                                       2023                                Changes
                                                      RMB’000                        %           RMB’000                       %                %


     Self-branded business sales                      1,115,607                   22.1            648,852                   12.7                 71.9
       — Europe and other countries
           and regions                                  928,687                   18.4            493,923                     9.7                88.0
       — U.S.                                           186,920                    3.7            154,929                     3.0                20.6

     Corporate client oriented sales                  3,921,635                   77.9          4,474,010                   87.3                (12.3)
      — Europe and other countries
          and regions                                 1,975,700                   39.3          2,351,548                   45.9                (16.0)
      — U.S.                                          1,858,160                   36.9          2,060,375                   40.2                  (9.8)
      — Mainland of China                                87,775                    1.7             62,087                    1.2                 41.4


     Total sales revenue                              5,037,242                  100.0          5,122,862                 100.0                   (1.7)


                                                                                                       Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024                 23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




     2.   Gross Profit and Cost of Sales
          During the Review Period, the Group’s gross profit was approximately RMB1,914,597,000 (the corresponding period
          in 2023: approximately RMB1,855,370,000), representing an increase of approximately 3.2% as compared to the
          corresponding period last year, and the gross profit margin increased from approximately 36.2% for the corresponding
          period last year to approximately 38.0% for the Review Period. The increase in gross profit margin was mainly
          attributable to (i) the significant growth in the self-branded business, which had a relatively higher gross profit margin
          and accounted for a higher portion of the Group’s overall business during the Review Period; (ii) the decrease in cost
          driven by the implementation of the Amoeba management and the expansion of product range covered by cost-
          efficient measures during the Review Period.


          Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue:

                                                              For the six months ended 30 June
                                                             2024                              2023                     Changes
                                                     RMB’000                 %        RMB’000                  %               %


            Cost of raw materials                   2,409,079              47.9      2,548,503              49.8             (5.5)
            Labor cost                                329,300               6.5        332,953               6.5             (1.1)
            Production overhead                       349,584               6.9        365,123               7.1             (4.3)
            Tax and surcharge                            34,682             0.7          20,913              0.4             65.8


            Total                                   3,122,645              62.0      3,267,492              63.8             (4.4)


          The Group’s cost of sales during the Review Period was mainly the cost of raw materials. Cost of raw materials as a
          percentage of revenue decreased from approximately 49.8% for the corresponding period last year to approximately
          47.9% for the Review Period, which was mainly attributable to (i) the decrease in the proportion of revenue from
          disposable electronic vaping products, which reduced the proportion of cost of raw materials to total revenue; (ii)
          the Group’s continued promotion of cost-efficient measures on products, resulting in a continuous decline in cost of
          materials.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
24 Interim Report 2024
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




3.   Distribution and Selling Expenses
     The Group’s distribution and selling expenses increased by approximately 79.5% from approximately RMB208,656,000
     for the corresponding period last year to approximately RMB374,516,000 for the Review Period. The distribution and
     selling expenses as a percentage of revenue increased from approximately 4.1% for the corresponding period last
     year to approximately 7.4% for the Review Period. The increase in distribution and selling expenses as a percentage of
     revenue was mainly due to the Group’s efforts to continue to improve the capability of glocalizational operation, further
     expand international market and promote new products during the Review Period. In particular:


     (1)   Staff salaries and benefits increased by approximately 37.1% from approximately RMB108,439,000 for the
           corresponding period last year to approximately RMB148,642,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage
           of revenue, increased from approximately 2.1% for the corresponding period last year to approximately 3.0%
           for the Review Period. The increase in staff salaries and benefits was mainly attributable to the increase in the
           remuneration of the Group’s marketing personnel for the Review Period in order to further expand international
           market.


     (2)   Market development costs increased by approximately 33.4% from approximately RMB44,988,000 for the
           corresponding period last year to approximately RMB60,014,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage
           of revenue, increased from approximately 0.9% for the corresponding period last year to approximately 1.2%
           for the Review Period. The increase in market development costs was mainly attributable to (i) the promotion
           expenses related to the atomizing beauty product solutions launched by the Group during the Review Period; (ii)
           the increased efforts to promote electronic and special purpose vaping products in the international market.


     (3)   Travelling expenses decreased by approximately 6.0% from approximately RMB16,647,000 for the
           corresponding period last year to approximately RMB15,646,000 for the Review Period, and travelling expenses
           as a percentage of revenue was broadly maintained at the same level as the corresponding period last year, i.e.
           approximately 0.3%.


     (4)   Other expenses increased by approximately 289.3% from approximately RMB38,582,000 for the corresponding
           period last year to approximately RMB150,214,000 during the Review Period, and as a percentage of revenue,
           increased from approximately 0.8% for the corresponding period last year to approximately 2.9% during the
           Review Period. The increase in other expenses was primarily due to an increase in provisions for product related
           expenses in light of expected product changes in connection with regulatory and compliance requirements.




                                                                                      Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2024      25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




     4.   Administrative Expenses
          The administrative expenses of the Group decreased by approximately 27.2% from approximately RMB465,940,000
          for the corresponding period last year to approximately RMB339,229,000 for the Review Period. Administrative
          expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased from approximately 9.1% for the corresponding period last year to
          approximately 6.7% for the Review Period. The decrease in administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue was
          primarily due to the continued implementation of cost-efficient measures, strengthening the budget management
          system, and continued promotion of Amoeba management to significantly improve management efficiency by the
          Group during the Review Period, which resulted in a substantial decrease in administrative expenses during the Review
          Period. In particular:


          (1)   Staff salaries and benefits decreased by approximately 29.8% from approximately RMB289,043,000 for the
                corresponding period last year to approximately RMB202,790,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage
                of revenue, decreased from approximately 5.6% for the corresponding period last year to approximately 4.0%
                for the Review Period. The decrease in staff salaries and benefits was mainly attributable to the decrease of
                management remuneration expenses brought by the increase of management efficiency of the Group during the
                Review Period.


          (2)   Professional service fees decreased by approximately 61.7% from approximately RMB39,646,000 for the
                corresponding period last year to approximately RMB15,190,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage of
                revenue, decreased from approximately 0.8% for the corresponding period last year to approximately 0.3% for
                the Review Period. The decrease in professional service fees was mainly attributable to the substantial decrease
                of the Group’s spending on legal advice and recruitment service during the Review Period as compared to the
                corresponding period last year.


          (3)   Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by approximately 23.1% from approximately RMB42,304,000
                for the corresponding period last year to approximately RMB52,097,000 during the Review Period, and as a
                percentage of revenue, slightly increased from approximately 0.8% for the corresponding period last year to
                approximately 1.0% during the Review Period.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
26 Interim Report 2024
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




5.   Research and Development Expenses
     The Group’s research and development expenses increased by approximately 23.7% from approximately
     RMB614,724,000 for the corresponding period last year to approximately RMB760,112,000 during the Review
     Period. As a percentage of revenue, research and development expenses increased from approximately 12.0% for
     the corresponding period last year to approximately 15.1% during the Review Period. The increase in research and
     development expenses as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to the fact that the Group increased investment
     in the fields of inhalation therapy and heat-not-burn products during the Review Period. The research and development
     expenses used for electronic nicotine delivery (including electronic vaping products and heat-not-burn products)
     increased by approximately 15.1% compared to the corresponding period last year; for special purpose vaping
     products and solutions increased by approximately 12.5% compared to the corresponding period last year; and for
     inhalation therapy and beauty atomization products increased by approximately 63.2% compared to the corresponding
     period last year. In particular:


     (1)   Staff salaries and benefits increased by approximately 23.6% from approximately RMB386,633,000 for the
           corresponding period last year to approximately RMB477,901,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage
           of revenue, increased from approximately 7.5% for the corresponding period last year to approximately 9.5% for
           the Review Period. The increase in staff salaries and benefits was mainly due to the increase in the remuneration
           of research and development personnel in the inhalation therapy field and the heat-not-burn products field during
           the Review Period.


     (2)   Development costs increased by approximately 31.7% from approximately RMB132,772,000 for the
           corresponding period last year to approximately RMB174,900,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage
           of revenue, increased from approximately 2.6% for the corresponding period last year to approximately 3.5%
           for the Review Period. The increase in development costs was mainly due to the increase in mold expenses,
           development expenses, material sample expenses and other expenses incurred in the fields of inhalation therapy
           and heat-not-burn products in accordance with the Group’s strategy during the Review Period.


     (3)   Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by approximately 44.3% from approximately RMB42,086,000
           for the corresponding period last year to approximately RMB60,727,000 for the Review Period, and as a
           percentage of revenue, increased from approximately 0.8% for the corresponding period last year to approximately 1.2%
           for the Review Period. The increase in depreciation and amortization expenses was mainly due to the increase in
           depreciation of research and development equipment acquired by the Group.




                                                                                       Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024       27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




     6.   Other Income and Expenses
          During the Review Period, the Group’s total other income amounted to approximately RMB394,989,000, representing
          an increase of approximately 64.3% as compared to approximately RMB240,379,000 for the corresponding period
          last year, as set out below:


                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2024             2023          Changes
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000                  %


            Interest income from bank deposits                              322,425          193,437              66.7
            Government grants                                                 57,955           35,096             65.1
            Compensation income from customers                                 8,457            5,549             52.4
            Interest income from rental deposits                                 685              882             (22.3)
            Others                                                             5,467            5,415              1.0


            Total                                                           394,989          240,379              64.3




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
28 Interim Report 2024
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




7.   Other Gains and Losses
     During the Review Period, the Group’s total other losses amounted to approximately RMB6,051,000, representing an
     increase of approximately 5071.8% compared with approximately RMB117,000 for the corresponding period last year,
     as set out below:


                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2024                2023          Changes
                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000                  %


       Net foreign exchange gain                                                  8,134             37,100              (78.1)
       Loss arising on forward foreign exchange contracts                            —              (86,810)             N/A
       Gain arising on short-term bank deposits with variable
         interest rate                                                            1,118             52,638              (97.9)
       Gain on early termination of leases                                          396              1,178              (66.4)
       Loss on disposal/write off of property, plant and equipment
         and intangible assets                                                 (22,935)              (4,502)           409.4
       Others                                                                     7,236                279            2493.5


       Total                                                                     (6,051)               (117)          5071.8


8.   Finance Costs
     During the Review Period, the finance costs of the Group amounted to approximately RMB18,512,000 (the
     corresponding period in 2023: approximately RMB10,980,000), representing an increase of approximately 68.6% as
     compared to the corresponding period last year. The finance costs of the Group were mainly derived from the interest
     expenses on lease liabilities and the interest expenses on discount of bills receivables.


9.   Income Tax Expense
     During the Review Period, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB128,357,000 (the
     corresponding period in 2023: approximately RMB78,828,000), representing an increase of approximately 62.8% as
     compared to the corresponding period last year. The increase in income tax was mainly due to the increase in taxable
     profit and deferred income taxes.




                                                                                          Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024   29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




     10. Total Comprehensive Income for the Period
          During the Review Period, the Group’s total comprehensive income for the period was approximately RMB724,597,000 (the
          corresponding period in 2023: approximately RMB734,356,000), representing a decrease of approximately 1.3%
          as compared to the corresponding period last year. The decrease was mainly due to increases in research and
          development expenses, selling expenses and income tax expenses, which were partially offset by an increase in gross
          profit margin, an increase in other income and a significant decrease in administrative expenses.


     11. Liquidity and Financial Resources
          As at 30 June 2024, the net current assets of the Group were approximately RMB13,861,870,000 (31 December
          2023: approximately RMB16,004,419,000). As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were
          approximately RMB6,534,871,000 (31 December 2023: approximately RMB5,332,076,000), which mainly consisted
          of approximately RMB2,363,367,000 denominated in RMB, approximately RMB4,028,226,000 denominated in USD
          and approximately RMB134,235,000 denominated in HKD (31 December 2023: mainly consisted of approximately
          RMB4,957,792,000 denominated in RMB, approximately RMB365,215,000 denominated in USD and approximately
          RMB8,664,000 denominated in HKD). As at 30 June 2024, the current ratio of the Group was approximately 396.2% (31
          December 2023: approximately 548.8%).


          Treasury Management Policy
          The treasury management policy of the Group is primarily to utilize surplus cash reserves to invest in low-risk products
          such as low-risk wealth management products, structured deposit or time deposit, etc. and to generate income
          without interfering with the Group’s business operations or capital expenditures.


          Borrowings
          As at 30 June 2024, the Group did not have any bank or other financial institutions borrowings (31 December 2023:
          nil). As at 30 June 2024, the banking facilities secured by the Group were approximately RMB6,900.0 million, of which
          approximately RMB1,938.9 million had been utilized, primarily used for the issuance and discounting of bills and letters
          of credit.


          Gearing Ratio
          As at 30 June 2024, the gearing ratio, calculated as total liabilities divided by total equity, was approximately 24.5% (31
          December 2023: approximately 19.1%).


     12. Pledge of Assets
          As of 30 June 2024, except for the bank deposits of the Group in the aggregate amount of approximately RMB355.2
          million, the Group did not have any pledge of assets (31 December 2023: nil).




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
30 Interim Report 2024
                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




13. Exposure to Foreign Exchange Risk
   The functional currency of the Company is RMB. The sales of the Group are mainly settled in USD and RMB. During
   the Review Period, approximately 60% of the Group’s revenue was settled in USD and approximately 40% was settled
   in RMB. Meanwhile, approximately 80% of the materials, labors and various expenditures paid by the Group were
   settled in RMB. The foreign exchange risk of the Group mainly refers to the risks of foreign exchange gain or loss
   arising from the net amount of monetary funds denominated in USD, trade and bills receivables denominated in USD
   deducted by trade payables denominated in USD (“U.S. dollars exposure”) as a result of changes in the exchange
   rate between USD and RMB.


   Sensitivity Analysis
   For the above-mentioned U.S. dollars exposure, the Group controls relevant foreign exchange risks through timely
   settlement of foreign currencies or entering into forward foreign exchange contracts with commercial banks. The Board
   believes that the relevant foreign exchange risks are acceptable to the Group and such risks will be monitored closely.


   Based on the amounts of assets and liabilities of the Group denominated in USD as of 30 June 2024, if the exchange
   rate of USD against RMB rises by 10%, the Group’s total comprehensive income will increase by approximately
   RMB752,282,000 (31 December 2023: increase by approximately RMB599,744,000). Otherwise, if the exchange
   rate of USD against RMB drops by 10%, the Group’s total comprehensive income will decrease by approximately
   RMB752,282,000 (31 December 2023: decrease by approximately RMB599,744,000).


14. Employment, Training and Development
   As of 30 June 2024, the Group has 11,225 and 1,771 employees in China (including the Mainland of China and
   Hong Kong) and other countries and regions respectively. The Group provides its employees with comprehensive
   and attractive remuneration, retirement schemes, share option schemes and benefit packages, and also grants
   discretionary bonuses to the Group’s employees based on their performance. The Group is required to contribute to
   the PRC social security scheme. Each of the Group and its employees in the Mainland of China is required to make
   contributions to pension insurance, medical insurance and unemployment insurance at rates specified in the relevant
   PRC laws and regulations. The Group has adopted a provident fund scheme for its Hong Kong employees under the
   Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. The Group also pays corresponding pension insurance, pension
   scheme, medical insurance, etc. for its employees in other countries in accordance with the laws and regulations of
   such countries.


   In addition, the Group attaches great importance to the individual education and career development of employees,
   and has formulated targeted talent development programmes tailored to different groups of talents, such as the “Hong
   Yi” programme designed to cultivate outstanding director-level talents, the “Zhen Yu” programme designed to cultivate
   excellent managerial talents, and the “1-3-5-7-10” ten-year cultivation and development path especially designed
   for fresh graduates, with a six-month induction training and a one-year apprenticeship, to help them adapt to the
   workplace better and faster. Meanwhile, we upgrade our online learning platform from time to time to enrich the on-line
   courses, so that all employees can enjoy the value of on-line learning in real time.




                                                                                      Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2024   31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




          During the Review Period, the total staff costs (including management and administration staff) accounted for
          approximately 25.9% of the revenue of the Group (the corresponding period in 2023: approximately 24.3%). The
          increase in total staff costs as a percentage of revenue was mainly due to (i) the increase in the remuneration of the
          related research and development personnel as the Group increased its investment in inhalation therapy and heat-not-
          burn products field during the Review Period; and (ii) the increase in the remuneration of marketing personnel as the
          Group further expanded international market.


     15. Capital Expenditures
          For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the total investment in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of
          the Group was approximately RMB282,315,000 (the corresponding period in 2023: approximately RMB560,670,000),
          which was mainly from the recognition of capital expenditure related to the headquarter building, expenditure on
          equipment related to production, research and development, and renovation expenditure.


     16. Capital Commitments
          As at 30 June 2024, the Group had contracted capital commitment for property, plant and equipment of approximately
          RMB395,328,000 (31 December 2023: approximately RMB494,304,000), which will be financed with proceeds from
          the Listing and net proceeds generated from operations.


     17. Material Acquisitions and Disposals
          For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group did not carry out any material acquisitions or disposals of any
          subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.


     18. Significant Investments
          For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group did not have any significant investments.


     19. Contingent Liabilities
          As at 30 June 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
32 Interim Report 2024
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




20. Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Expenditures
   Save as disclosed below, the Company has no other plans for material investments or capital expenditures:


   (1)   The section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the prospectus of the Company dated 29 June 2020;


   (2)   The section headed “Intended Use of Net Proceeds” in the Company’s announcement dated 4 February 2021 in
         connection with the completion of top-up placing; and


   (3)   The Group’s investment plans as disclosed in the 2021 Annual Report “Future Plans for Material Investments or
         Capital Expenditures”.




                                                                                 Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024   33
     OTHER INFORMATION




     Major Customers and Suppliers

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s sales to its top five customers accounted for approximately 56.7%
     (six months ended 30 June 2023: approximately 67.1%) of its total sales. The Group’s purchase amounts from its top five
     suppliers accounted for approximately 22.3% (six months ended 30 June 2023: approximately 23.7%) of its total purchase
     amounts. The Group aims to maintain long-term cooperative relationship with reputable customers and suppliers for the
     expansion of its business.



     Corporate Governance

     Compliance with the Code Provisions of the Corporate Governance Code
     The Board and the management of the Company are committed to the maintenance of good corporate governance
     practices and procedures. The corporate governance principles of the Company emphasize a quality Board, sound internal
     controls, and transparency and accountability to all shareholders of the Company (“Shareholders”).


     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company had applied the principles and complied with all code provisions
     (except as stated below) and (where applicable) the recommended best practices of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG
     Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Listing Rules”). In respect of code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the positions of the chairman of the Board
     and the chief executive officer are held by the same individual, namely, Mr. Chen Zhiping. The Board is of the view that this is
     the most appropriate arrangement in the interest of the Shareholders as a whole at present, and will not impair the balance
     of power between the Board and the Company’s management, which is mainly in view of the following considerations:


     (1)   The decision of the Board requires the approval of a majority of Directors. Currently, the Board of the Company
           consists of eight Directors, including three independent non-executive Directors and one non-executive Director.
           Therefore, the Board believes that there are sufficient checks and balances within the Board;


     (2)   Mr. Chen and the other Directors have already undertaken to fulfill their fiduciary duties as Directors, which requires
           them to act for the benefits and in the best interests of the Company;


     (3)   The balance of power guarantees the functioning of the Board. The Board of the Company consists of experienced
           talents in different fields. These members meet regularly to discuss significant issues relating to the business strategies
           and operations of the Group;


     (4)   The Group’s development strategies and other major operating decisions are jointly made by the management team,
           the Board, and special committees under the Board after regular discussions.


     The Group will continue to review the effectiveness of the corporate governance structure of the Group in order to assess
     whether the separation of roles of chairman of the Board and chief executive officer is necessary.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
34 Interim Report 2024
                                                                        OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




Terms of Reference of Board Committees

The terms of reference for each Board committee and the list of Directors and their roles and functions have been published
on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange, respectively.



Audit Committee

The Audit Committee currently consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Zhong Shan, Mr. Yim
Siu Wing, Simon and Dr. Wang Gao. Mr. Zhong Shan is the chairman of the Audit Committee. His expertise in accounting,
auditing and finance enables him to lead the Audit Committee.


The principal responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to conduct critical and objective reviews of the Group’s financial and
accounting practices, risk management and internal controls. These include determining the nature and scope of statutory
audit, reviewing the Group’s interim and annual accounts and assessing the completeness and effectiveness of the Group’s
accounting and financial controls.


The Audit Committee has reviewed, with the management and the independent auditor of the Company, the Group’s
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2024, the interim report,
the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and has discussed the risk management, internal controls
and financial reporting matters.



Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee currently consists of Mr. Chen Zhiping, an executive Director, Mr. Yim Siu Wing, Simon and
Dr. Wang Gao, two independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Yim Siu Wing, Simon is the chairman of the Remuneration
Committee.


The principal responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the overall
remuneration policy and structure for the Directors and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and
transparent process for approving such remuneration policy. The Remuneration Committee makes recommendations to
the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management. No Director will take
part in any discussion on his or her own remuneration. The Remuneration Committee also reviews matters relating to share
schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.


The objective of remuneration policy of the Company is to maintain fair and competitive packages based on business
requirements and industry practice. In order to determine the level of remuneration and fees paid to members of the Board,
market rates and factors such as each Director’s workload, responsibility, and job complexity are taken into account.




                                                                                        Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024      35
     OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




     Nomination Committee

     The Nomination Committee currently consists of Mr. Chen Zhiping, an executive Director, Mr. Zhong Shan and Dr. Wang
     Gao, two independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Chen Zhiping is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.


     The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the Board composition, make recommendations to the
     Board regarding the rotation and appointment of Directors and Board succession, review Board Diversity Policy and
     Director Nomination Policy, and assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors of the Company. In
     order to achieve a diversity of perspectives of the Board, the Company considers a number of factors when deciding on
     appointments to the Board and the continuation of those appointments. Such factors include gender, age, cultural and
     educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.



     Environmental, Social and Governance Committee

     The Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Committee was established by the Board for improving the ESG
     management level of the Company. The ESG Committee consists of 3 members, namely executive Director Mr. Chen
     Zhiping, executive Director Mr. Wang Guisheng and independent non-executive Director Mr. Zhong Shan. Mr. Chen Zhiping
     is the chairman of the ESG Committee.


     The ESG Committee will meet on a regular basis to review the Company’s ESG management system and enhance the ESG
     management capacity.



     Risk Management and Internal Controls

     The Company has an internal audit function in place to provide an independent assessment of the Group’s risk management
     and internal control systems and review of their effectiveness in accordance with the CG Code. The Internal Audit
     Department prepares its unbiased view by using risk assessment method and consult management for the review by the
     Audit Committee of the Company. The audit work focuses on identification and analysis of the risks in relation to the Group’s
     finance, operation, compliance monitoring, business activities and environmental, social and governance. An integral part of
     the internal audit function is to monitor and ensure effective operation of risk management and internal control systems.


     The Board, through the Audit Committee, has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
     control systems of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
36 Interim Report 2024
                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set forth in the
Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as a code of conduct of the Company for Directors’ securities transactions (the “Securities
Trading Code”). Having made specific enquiry on this matter, all Directors confirmed that they have strictly complied with
the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Code for the six months ended 30 June 2024.



Directors’ Interests in Competing Business

During the six months ended 30 June 2024, none of the Directors had any interest in any business which competes with the
Company or any of its subsidiaries.



Continuous Professional Development of Directors

All Directors should participate in continuous professional training to acquire and refresh their knowledge and skills pursuant
to the code provision C.1.4 as set out in the CG Code. The Company has arranged for continuous professional training for
the directors during the Review Period.



Changes of Directors’ Information

Dr. Wang Gao, an independent non-executive director of the Group, was an independent Director of Canature Health
Technology Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 300272), until February 2024.
Save as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2024, there were no changes to the information of Directors which are required to
be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.



Investor Relations and Communication with Shareholders

The Company establishes different communication channels with the Shareholders and investors, including (i) corporate
communications (including but not limited to annual reports, interim reports, notices of meetings, circulars and proxy forms)
to be sent to the Shareholders as required under the Listing Rules, and the Shareholders can also choose to receive such
documents in printed form; (ii) the annual general meeting provides a platform for the Shareholders to raise comments and
exchange views with the Board; (iii) updated and key information of the Group is available on the website of the Company; (iv)
the Company’s website offers a communication channel between the Company and the Shareholders; (v) press conferences
and briefing meetings with analysts are arranged from time to time to update on the performance of the Group; (vi) the
Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar deals with all the share registration and related matters for Shareholders; and (vii)
a dedicated team of the Company handles general enquiries from the Shareholders and investors.




                                                                                        Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024      37
     OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




     Shareholders and investors can send written inquiries or requests to the attention of the Board in the following ways:
     Address: Tricor Investor Services Limited, 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
     Email: IR@smooreholdings.com


     The Company has adopted the Shareholders’ communication policy and procedures for Shareholders to propose a person
     for election as Director on 15 June 2020.



     Interim Dividend

     The Board resolved to declare an interim dividend of HK5 cents per share for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six
     months ended 30 June 2023: HK5 cents per share), to be paid to the shareholders as appearing on the register of members
     of the Company on 9 September 2024. The interim dividend is expected to be distributed on 23 September 2024, and the
     ex-dividend date is 3 September 2024.



     Closure of Register of Members

     The register of members of the Company will be closed from 5 September 2024 to 9 September 2024, both dates inclusive,
     during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to establish the identity of the Shareholders who are
     entitled to the interim dividend, all transfer forms, accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with
     the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16
     Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 4 September 2024.



     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Listed Securities of the Company

     During the Review Period, neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
     listed securities (including transfer of treasury shares) of the Company.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
38 Interim Report 2024
                                                                        OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company or Any of Its Associated
Corporations

As of 30 June 2024, the interests and short positions of our Directors or chief executives of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were
as follows:


                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                               percentage
                                                                                                               of the total
                                                                                                                number of
  Name of Directors or                                                   Long/short              Ordinary   issued shares
  chief executives         Notes Nature of interest                         position          shares held          (Note 1)


  Chen Zhiping               (2)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position      2,061,635,600           33.59%
                             (3)   Interest of concert party            Long position        280,201,400            4.56%
                             (4)   Beneficial owner                     Long position         12,073,000            0.20%
                             (5)   Others                               Long position           1,024,100         0.0167%


  Xiong Shaoming             (6)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position        280,201,400            4.56%
                             (7)   Interest of concert party            Long position      1,997,635,600           32.54%
                             (8)   Beneficial owner                     Long position           1,024,100         0.0167%
                             (9)   Others                               Long position         76,073,000            1.24%


  Wang Guisheng             (10)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position         12,000,000            0.20%
                            (11)   Beneficial owner                     Long position           1,592,000         0.0259%


  Wang Xin                  (12)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position           1,243,000         0.0203%
                            (13)   Beneficial owner                     Long position             543,500         0.0089%




                                                                                        Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024   39
     OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




     Notes:


     (1)      The percentage is calculated based on the total number of shares of the Company in issue as at 30 June 2024, which was 6,138,238,720 shares.


     (2)      Mr. Chen Zhiping holds all the issued shares of SMR & Alon Limited, which in turn directly holds 1,997,635,600 shares of the Company. In addition, Mr.
              Chen holds all the issued shares of CZPGJ Holding Limited, which in turn directly holds 64,000,000 shares of the Company. Accordingly, Mr. Chen is
              deemed to be interested in the 2,061,635,600 shares of the Company held by SMR & Alon Limited and CZPGJ Holding Limited.


     (3)      By virtue of Section 317 of the SFO and the concert party agreement entered into between Mr. Chen Zhiping and Mr. Xiong Shaoming on 11 December 2019 (the
              “Concert Party Agreement”), Mr. Chen Zhiping is deemed to be interested in the 280,201,400 shares in which Mr. Xiong Shaoming has an interest.


     (4)      These represent the shares of the Company to be issued upon the exercise of pre-IPO share options of the Company granted to Mr. Chen Zhiping. In
              addition, subject to the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme of the Company and pursuant to an undertaking dated 1 May 2020, Mr. Chen irrevocably and
              unconditionally undertakes to the Company that he will only exercise the pre-IPO share options of the Company granted to and vested with him when
              the market capitalization of the Company reaches or exceeds HK$110 billion.


     (5)      By virtue of Section 318 of the SFO, except for the Concert Party Agreement, Mr. Chen Zhiping is deemed to be interested in the 1,024,100 shares in
              which Mr. Xiong Shaoming has an interest.


     (6)      Mr. Xiong Shaoming holds all the issued shares of Andy Xiong Holding Limited, which in turn directly holds 280,201,400 shares of the Company.
              Accordingly, Mr. Xiong is deemed to be interested in the 280,201,400 shares of the Company held by Andy Xiong Holding Limited.


     (7)      By virtue of Section 317 of the SFO and the Concert Party Agreement, Mr. Xiong Shaoming is deemed to be interested in the 1,997,635,600 shares in
              which Mr. Chen Zhiping has an interest.


     (8)      Mr. Xiong Shaoming beneficially holds a total interests of 1,024,100 shares. Such shares represent the shares of the Company to be issued upon
              the exercise of the post-IPO share options of the Company granted to Mr. Xiong Shaoming and the shares to be acquired upon vesting of the Share
              Awards.


     (9)      By virtue of Section 318 of the SFO, apart from the Concert Party Agreement, Mr. Xiong Shaoming is deemed to be interested in the 76,073,000 shares
              in which Mr. Chen Zhiping has an interest.


     (10)     Mr. Wang Guisheng holds all the issued shares of Sunrise & Rainbow Holding Limited, which in turn directly holds 12,000,000 shares of the Company.
              Accordingly, Mr. Wang is deemed to be interested in the 12,000,000 shares of the Company held by Sunrise & Rainbow Holding Limited.


     (11)     Mr. Wang Guisheng beneficially holds a total interests of 1,592,000 shares. Such shares represent the shares of the Company to be issued upon the
              exercise of the post-IPO share options of the Company granted to Mr. Wang Guisheng and the shares to be acquired upon vesting of the Share Awards.


     (12)     Ms. Wang Xin holds all the issued shares of WXGJ Holding Limited, which in turn directly holds 1,243,000 shares of the Company. Accordingly, Ms.
              Wang is deemed to be interested in the 1,243,000 shares of the Company held by WXGJ Holding Limited.


     (13)     Ms. Wang Xin beneficially holds a total interests of 543,500 shares. Such shares represent (i) 61,000 shares of the Company beneficially held by Ms. Wang; (ii)
              365,600 shares to be issued upon exercise of the post-IPO share options; and (iii) 116,900 shares to be acquired upon vesting of the Share Awards.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
40 Interim Report 2024
                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




Substantial Shareholders’ and Other Persons’ Interests and Short Positions in
the Shares and Underlying Shares

As of 30 June 2024, so far as the Directors of the Company are aware, the following parties (other than our Directors or chief
executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and Section 336 of
the SFO:


                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage
                                                                                                                 of the total
                                                                                                                  number of
  Name of substantial                                                      Long/short      Ordinary shares    issued shares
  shareholders              Notes Nature of interest                          position                 held          (Note 1)


  SMR & Alon Limited          (2)   Beneficial owner                     Long position       1,997,635,600           32.54%


  Zhao Zihan                  (3)   Interest of spouse                   Long position       2,354,934,100           38.37%


  Han Xiao                    (4)   Interest of spouse                   Long position       2,354,934,100           38.37%


  EVE BATTERY                 (5)   Beneficial owner                     Long position       1,901,520,000           30.98%
    INVESTMENT LTD.           (6)   Beneficial owner                     Short position         60,578,645            0.99%


  EVE Asia Co., Limited       (5)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position       1,901,520,000           30.98%
                              (6)   Interest in controlled corporation   Short position         60,578,645            0.99%


  EVE Energy Co., Ltd.        (5)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position       1,901,520,000           30.98%
                              (6)   Interest in controlled corporation   Short position         60,578,645            0.99%


  Liu Jincheng                (7)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position       1,950,240,000           31.77%
                              (6)   Interest in controlled corporation   Short position         60,578,645            0.99%


  Luo Jinhong                 (8)   Interest of spouse                   Long position       1,950,240,000           31.77%
                              (8)   Interest of spouse                   Short position         60,578,645            0.99%




                                                                                          Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024   41
     OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




     Notes:


     (1)      The percentage is calculated based on the total number of shares of the Company in issue as at 30 June 2024, which was 6,138,238,720 shares.


     (2)      SMR & Alon Limited is beneficially and wholly owned by Mr. Chen Zhiping. Mr. Chen is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by SMR &
              Alon Limited under the SFO.


     (3)      Ms. Zhao Zihan is the spouse of Mr. Chen Zhiping. Under the SFO, Ms. Zhao Zihan is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which
              Mr. Chen is interested.


     (4)      Ms. Han Xiao is the spouse of Mr. Xiong Shaoming. Under the SFO, Ms. Han Xiao is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which Mr.
              Xiong is interested.


     (5)      EVE BATTERY INVESTMENT LTD. (“EVE Battery”) is an investment holding company wholly owned by EVE Asia Co., Limited which is a wholly-owned
              subsidiary of EVE Energy Co., Ltd.. EVE Energy Co., Ltd. is ultimately controlled by Dr. Liu Jincheng and Ms. Luo Jinhong (spouse of Dr. Liu).


     (6)      Reference is made to the announcements of the Company dated 12 November 2021, 30 June 2022, 4 November 2022, 3 July 2023 and 12 October
              2023. To the knowledge of the Directors, as of 30 June 2024, the Exchange Property which EVE Battery has pledged to the specific trust account
              included 60,578,645 shares. On 5 August 2024, the Company was informed by EVE Battery that dividend of the Company was received for the
              Exchange Property on 19 June 2024 and this is one of the certain events enumerated in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds. Further adjustment is
              required on the Exchange Property according to market practice. Therefore, EVE Battery has pledged an additional 331,176 shares it held to the specific
              trust account. After completion of this additional pledge, the Exchange Property included 60,909,821 shares.


     (7)      Dr. Liu Jincheng holds all the issued shares of Golden Energy Global Investment Ltd., which in turn directly holds 48,720,000 shares of the Company.
              In addition, Dr. Liu through EVE Energy Co., Ltd. and EVE Asia Co., Limited ultimately controls EVE Battery, which in turn directly holds 1,901,520,000
              shares of the Company. Accordingly, Dr. Liu is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 1,950,240,000 shares of the Company held by Golden
              Energy Global Investment Ltd. and EVE Battery.


     (8)      Ms. Luo Jinhong is the spouse of Dr. Liu Jincheng. Under the SFO, Ms. Luo Jinhong is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which
              Dr. Liu is interested.




     Share Schemes

     The number of shares that may be issued under options and award shares granted under all of the Company’s share
     schemes during the first half of 2024 divided by the weighted average number of shares of the relevant share class in issue (excluding
     treasury shares) during the period is approximately 0.02%.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
42 Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




A. Share Option Scheme

          (1) Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
                 The pre-IPO share option scheme was approved for adoption by all Shareholders of the Company on 30
                 September 2019. The purpose of the pre-IPO share option scheme is to incentivize and reward eligible persons
                 for their contribution to the Group and to align their interests with that of the Company so as to encourage them
                 to work towards enhancing the value of the Company.


                 As at 30 September 2019 and 1 May 2020, the Company has granted share options for the purchase of a
                 total of 319,032,000 shares to eligible participants under the pre-IPO share option scheme. As the Pre-IPO
                 Share Option Scheme will not involve the granting of options to subscribe for Shares after the Listing, no further
                 additional options will be granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.


                 For more information on the pre-IPO share option scheme, please refer to “Appendix IV — Statutory and General
                 Information — Share Option Scheme — Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme” in the prospectus of the Company
                 dated 29 June 2020.


                 Details of the movement of the pre-IPO share option scheme for the six months ended 30 June 2024 are as
                 follows:

                                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                                                                 average
                                                                                      Closing price                         closing price
                                                                                       immediately               Fair value immediately                Granted
                                                                                         before the               as at the before the Number of        during   Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed Number of
               Date of     Number of                                                  date of grant   Exercise     date of       exercise options at       the   during the   during the   during the options at
Grantee        grant         options Vesting period          Exercisable period              (HKD) price (RMB) grant (RMB) date (HKD) 2024/01/01        period       period       period       period 2024/6/30


Chen Zhiping 2020/05/01 12,073,000 2020/05/01–2024/07/09 2024/07/10–2030/04/30                 NA         0.38        2.08           — 12,073,000           —           —            —            — 12,073,000
   (Director)
Bu Weiqiang       2019/09/30     48,000 2019/09/30–2021/07/09 2021/07/10–2029/09/29            NA         0.38        2.40           —       48,000         —           —            —            —       48,000
   (Associate of                 48,000 2019/09/30–2023/07/09 2023/07/10–2029/09/29            NA         0.38        2.34           —       48,000         —           —            —            —       48,000
   director)                     47,000 2019/09/30–2024/07/09 2024/07/10–2029/09/29            NA         0.38        2.31           —       47,000         —           —            —            —       47,000
Li Xiaoping       2020/05/01     25,000 2020/05/01–2024/07/09 2024/07/10–2030/04/30            NA         0.38        2.08           —       25,000         —           —            —            —       25,000
   (Associate of
   director)
Yuan Xiang        2019/09/30     32,000 2019/09/30–2024/07/09 2024/07/10–2029/09/29            NA         0.38        2.31           —       32,000         —           —            —            —       32,000
   (Associate of
   director)
Other employees 2019/09/30 32,987,000 2019/09/30–2021/07/09 2021/07/10–2029/09/29              NA         0.38        2.40         9.69    3,520,000        —      270,000           —            —    3,250,000
   (not Director)            35,725,000 2019/09/30–2022/07/09 2022/07/10–2029/09/29            NA         0.38        2.37         9.69    6,833,500        —      270,000           —            —    6,563,500
                             31,152,000 2019/09/30–2023/07/09 2023/07/10–2029/09/29            NA         0.38        2.34         5.30    1,977,000        —      460,000           —            —    1,517,000
                             10,688,000 2019/09/30–2024/07/09 2024/07/10–2029/09/29            NA         0.38        2.31           —     8,724,000        —           —            —        41,000   8,683,000
                  2020/05/01 13,672,500 2020/05/01–2022/07/09 2022/07/10–2030/04/30            NA         0.38        2.11           —       180,500        —           —            —            —      180,500
                              9,565,500 2020/05/01–2023/07/09 2023/07/10–2030/04/30            NA         0.38        2.08           —       537,500        —           —            —            —      537,500
                              9,257,500 2020/05/01–2024/07/09 2024/07/10–2030/04/30            NA         0.38        2.08           —     7,081,500        —           —            —       262,500   6,819,000


Total                                                                                                                                     41,127,000        —    1,000,000           —       303,500 39,823,500




                                                                                                                                                Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2024                              43
     OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




          (2) Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
                The post-IPO share option scheme was conditionally approved and adopted by the Shareholders on 15 June
                2020. The terms of post-IPO employee share option scheme are subject to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The
                purpose of the post-IPO share option scheme is to incentivize and reward eligible persons for their contribution
                to our Group and to align their interests with that of our Company so as to encourage them to work towards
                enhancing the value of our Company. Participants of the post-IPO share option scheme included employees (whether
                full time or part time) or Directors of the members of the Group, and the number of share subscription could be
                determined by the Board.


                For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company has granted 580,000 share options to eligible participants
                under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme on 27 March 2024. The number of options that may be granted under
                the mandate of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme on 1 January 2024 was 86,793,572 shares and the number
                of options that may be granted under the mandate of Post-IPO Share Option Scheme on 30 June 2024 was
                99,275,572 shares.


                For further information of the post-IPO share option scheme, please refer to “Appendix IV — Statutory and
                General Information — Share Option Scheme — Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” in the prospectus of the
                Company dated 29 June 2020.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
44 Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




                    Details of the movement of the post-IPO share option scheme during the six months ended 30 June 2024 are as
                    follows:

                                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                                                                   average
                                                                                                                              closing price
                                                                                          Closing price            Fair value immediately
                                                                                           immediately              as at the before the                    Granted
                                                                                             before the Exercise     date of       exercise    Number of     during Exercised Cancelled       Lapsed     Number of
                              Number of                                                   date of grant    price        grant         date     options at       the during the during the   during the   options at
Grantee          Date of grant options    Vesting period          Exercisable period             (HKD) (HKD)           (HKD)         (HKD)    2024/01/01     period     period     period       period   2024/6/30


Wang Guisheng 2021/04/01         44,333   2021/04/01–2022/03/31   2022/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        10.15            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
   (Director)                    44,333   2021/04/01–2023/03/31   2023/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        11.36            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
                                 44,334   2021/04/01–2024/03/31   2024/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        12.40            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
                 2022/11/09      66,500   2022/11/09–2023/05/08   2023/05/09–2032/11/08          11.78    11.11         2.77            NA        66,500         —          —          —           —        66,500
                                 66,500   2022/11/09–2024/03/31   2024/04/01–2032/11/08          11.78    11.11         3.19            NA        66,500         —          —          —           —        66,500
                 2023/08/23     319,150   2023/08/23–2024/08/22   2024/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.15            NA       319,150         —          —          —           —       319,150
                                319,150   2023/08/23–2025/08/22   2025/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.54            NA       319,150         —          —          —           —       319,150
                                319,150   2023/08/23–2026/08/22   2026/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.83            NA       319,150         —          —          —           —       319,150
                                319,150   2023/08/23–2027/08/22   2027/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         3.06            NA       319,150         —          —          —           —       319,150
Xiong Shaoming 2021/04/01        78,000   2021/04/01–2022/03/31   2022/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        10.15            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
    (Director)                   78,000   2021/04/01–2023/03/31   2023/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        11.36            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
                                 78,000   2021/04/01–2024/03/31   2024/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        12.40            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
                 2022/11/09     117,000   2022/11/09–2023/05/08   2023/05/09–2032/11/08          11.78    11.11         2.77            NA       117,000         —          —          —           —       117,000
                                117,000   2022/11/09–2024/03/31   2024/04/01–2032/11/08          11.78    11.11         3.19            NA       117,000         —          —          —           —       117,000
                 2023/08/23     172,825   2023/08/23–2024/08/22   2024/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.15            NA       172,825         —          —          —           —       172,825
                                172,825   2023/08/23–2025/08/22   2025/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.54            NA       172,825         —          —          —           —       172,825
                                172,825   2023/08/23–2026/08/22   2026/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.83            NA       172,825         —          —          —           —       172,825
                                172,825   2023/08/23–2027/08/22   2027/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         3.06            NA       172,825         —          —          —           —       172,825
Wang Xin         2021/04/01       5,000   2021/04/01–2022/03/31   2022/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        10.15            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
   (Director)                     5,000   2021/04/01–2023/03/31   2023/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        11.36            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
                                  5,000   2021/04/01–2024/03/31   2024/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        12.40            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
                 2022/11/09       7,500   2022/11/09–2023/05/08   2023/05/09–2032/11/08          11.78    11.11         2.77            NA         7,500         —          —          —           —         7,500
                                  7,500   2022/11/09–2024/03/31   2024/04/01–2032/11/08          11.78    11.11         3.19            NA         7,500         —          —          —           —         7,500
                 2023/08/23      87,650   2023/08/23–2024/08/22   2024/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.15            NA        87,650         —          —          —           —        87,650
                                 87,650   2023/08/23–2025/08/22   2025/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.54            NA        87,650         —          —          —           —        87,650
                                 87,650   2023/08/23–2026/08/22   2026/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.83            NA        87,650         —          —          —           —        87,650
                                 87,650   2023/08/23–2027/08/22   2027/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         3.06            NA        87,650         —          —          —           —        87,650
Li Xiaoping        2021/04/01    21,667   2021/04/01–2022/03/31   2022/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        10.15            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
     (Associate of               21,667   2021/04/01–2023/03/31   2023/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        11.36            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
     director)                   21,666   2021/04/01–2024/03/31   2024/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        12.40            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
                   2022/11/09    32,500   2022/11/09–2023/05/08   2023/05/09–2032/11/08          11.78    11.11         2.77            NA        32,500         —          —          —           —        32,500
                                 32,500   2022/11/09–2024/03/31   2024/04/01–2032/11/08          11.78    11.11         3.19            NA        32,500         —          —          —           —        32,500
                 2023/08/23      21,900   2023/08/23–2024/08/22   2024/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.15            NA        21,900         —          —          —           —        21,900
                                 21,900   2023/08/23–2025/08/22   2025/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.54            NA        21,900         —          —          —           —        21,900
                                 21,900   2023/08/23–2026/08/22   2026/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.83            NA        21,900         —          —          —           —        21,900
                                 21,900   2023/08/23–2027/08/22   2027/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         3.06            NA        21,900         —          —          —           —        21,900
Bu Zhiqiang       2021/04/01     10,333   2021/04/01–2022/03/31   2022/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        10.15            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
    (Associate of                10,333   2021/04/01–2023/03/31   2023/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        11.36            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
    director)                    10,334   2021/04/01–2024/03/31   2024/04/01–2031/03/31          47.30    51.05        12.40            NA            —          —          —          —           —            —
                  2022/11/09     15,500   2022/11/09–2023/05/08   2023/05/09–2032/11/08          11.78    11.11         2.77            NA        15,500         —          —          —           —        15,500
                                 15,500   2022/11/09–2024/03/31   2024/04/01–2032/11/08          11.78    11.11         3.19            NA        15,500         —          —          —           —        15,500
                 2023/08/23      33,550   2023/08/23–2024/08/22   2024/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.15            NA        33,550         —          —          —           —        33,550
                                 33,550   2023/08/23–2025/08/22   2025/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.54            NA        33,550         —          —          —           —        33,550
                                 33,550   2023/08/23–2026/08/22   2026/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.83            NA        33,550         —          —          —           —        33,550
                                 33,550   2023/08/23–2027/08/22   2027/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         3.06            NA        33,550         —          —          —           —        33,550
Yuan Xiang       2023/08/23       9,650   2023/08/23–2024/08/22   2024/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.15            NA         9,650         —          —          —           —         9,650
   (Associate of                  9,650   2023/08/23–2025/08/22   2025/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.54            NA         9,650         —          —          —           —         9,650
   director)                      9,650   2023/08/23–2026/08/22   2026/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.83            NA         9,650         —          —          —           —         9,650
                                  9,650   2023/08/23–2027/08/22   2027/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         3.06            NA         9,650         —          —          —           —         9,650
Bu Weiqiang 2023/08/23           26,825   2023/08/23–2024/08/22   2024/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.15            NA        26,825         —          —          —           —        26,825
   (Associate of                 26,825   2023/08/23–2025/08/22   2025/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.54            NA        26,825         —          —          —           —        26,825
   director)                     26,825   2023/08/23–2026/08/22   2026/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         2.83            NA        26,825         —          —          —           —        26,825
                                 26,825   2023/08/23–2027/08/22   2027/08/23–2033/08/22           7.63     7.79         3.06            NA        26,825         —          —          —           —        26,825




                                                                                                                                                  Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2024                               45
     OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




                                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                                                                         average
                                                                                                                                    closing price
                                                                                                Closing price            Fair value immediately
                                                                                                 immediately              as at the before the                    Granted
                                                                                                   before the Exercise     date of       exercise    Number of     during Exercised Cancelled       Lapsed     Number of
                                  Number of                                                     date of grant    price        grant         date     options at       the during the during the   during the   options at
      Grantee        Date of grant options      Vesting period          Exercisable period             (HKD) (HKD)           (HKD)         (HKD)    2024/01/01     period     period     period       period   2024/6/30


      Other employees 2021/04/01    6,913,335   2021/04/01–2022/03/31   2022/04/01–2031/03/31         47.30     51.05        10.15            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
          (not Director)            6,913,335   2021/04/01–2023/03/31   2023/04/01–2031/03/31         47.30     51.05        11.36            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                                    6,913,330   2021/04/01–2024/03/31   2024/04/01–2031/03/31         47.30     51.05        12.40            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                                    5,170,000   2021/04/01–2025/03/31   2025/04/01–2031/03/31         47.30     51.05        13.27            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                     2021/07/09       921,000   2021/07/09–2022/07/08   2022/07/09–2031/07/08         42.95     42.08        12.05            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                                      921,000   2021/07/09–2023/07/08   2023/07/09–2031/07/08         42.95     42.08        14.22            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                                      921,000   2021/07/09–2024/07/08   2024/07/09–2031/07/08         42.95     42.08        16.04            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                                      907,000   2021/07/09–2025/07/08   2025/07/09–2031/07/08         42.95     42.08        17.47            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                     2021/09/30     2,495,750   2021/09/30–2022/09/29   2022/09/30–2031/09/29         35.50     36.30        10.66            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                                    2,495,750   2021/09/30–2023/09/29   2023/09/30–2031/09/29         35.50     36.30        12.56            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                                    2,495,750   2021/09/30–2024/09/29   2024/09/30–2031/09/29         35.50     36.30        14.17            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                                    2,245,750   2021/09/30–2025/09/29   2025/09/30–2031/09/29         35.50     36.30        15.43            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                     2022/01/04       957,500   2022/01/04–2023/01/03   2023/01/04–2032/01/03         37.10     38.43         8.90            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                                      957,500   2022/01/04–2024/01/03   2024/01/04–2032/01/03         37.10     38.43        10.25            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                                      957,500   2022/01/04–2025/01/03   2025/01/04–2032/01/03         37.10     38.43        11.48            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                                      957,500   2022/01/04–2026/01/03   2026/01/04–2032/01/03         37.10     38.43        12.49            NA            —          —          —         —            —             —
                     2022/05/19     2,447,000   2022/05/19–2023/05/18   2023/05/19–2032/05/18         17.46     16.88         4.56            NA     1,995,375         —          —         —       124,750     1,870,625
                                    2,993,750   2022/05/19–2024/05/18   2024/05/19–2032/05/18         17.46     16.88         5.19            NA     2,443,125         —          —         —       223,750     2,219,375
                                    2,993,750   2022/05/19–2025/05/18   2025/05/19–2032/05/18         17.46     16.88         5.67            NA     2,443,125         —          —         —       242,500     2,200,625
                                    2,993,750   2022/05/19–2026/05/18   2026/05/19–2032/05/18         17.46     16.88         6.04            NA     2,443,125         —          —         —       242,500     2,200,625
                                      546,750   2022/05/19–2027/05/18   2027/05/19–2032/05/18         17.46     16.88         6.33            NA       447,750         —          —         —       136,500       311,250
                     2022/07/21       629,500   2022/07/21–2023/07/20   2023/07/21–2032/07/20         20.60     20.80         5.51            NA       427,000         —          —         —        85,000       342,000
                                      629,500   2022/07/21–2024/07/20   2024/07/21–2032/07/20         20.60     20.80         6.32            NA       427,000         —          —         —        85,000       342,000
                                      629,500   2022/07/21–2025/07/20   2025/07/21–2032/07/20         20.60     20.80         6.94            NA       427,000         —          —         —        85,000       342,000
                                      629,500   2022/07/21–2026/07/20   2026/07/21–2032/07/20         20.60     20.80         7.44            NA       427,000         —          —         —        85,000       342,000
                     2022/11/09     8,760,200   2022/11/09–2023/05/08   2023/05/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11         2.77            NA     8,012,800         —          —         —     2,848,200     5,164,600
                                    8,760,200   2022/11/09–2024/03/31   2024/04/01–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11         3.19            NA     8,012,800         —          —         —     2,848,200     5,164,600
                                    6,223,600   2022/11/09–2025/03/31   2025/04/01–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11         3.56            NA     5,640,400         —          —         —     2,826,600     2,813,800
                                      910,000   2022/11/09–2023/07/08   2023/07/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11         2.87            NA       596,600         —          —         —            —        596,600
                                      910,000   2022/11/09–2024/07/08   2024/07/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11         3.31            NA       596,600         —          —         —            —        596,600
                                      910,000   2022/11/09–2025/07/08   2025/07/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11         3.65            NA       596,800         —          —         —            —        596,800
                                    2,915,800   2022/11/09–2023/09/29   2023/09/30–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11         2.97            NA     2,348,800         —          —         —       158,700     2,190,100
                                    2,915,800   2022/11/09–2024/09/29   2024/09/30–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11         3.39            NA     2,348,800         —          —         —       158,700     2,190,100
                                    2,907,400   2022/11/09–2025/09/29   2025/09/30–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11         3.71            NA     2,341,400         —          —         —       158,600     2,182,800
                                    1,103,500   2022/11/09–2024/01/03   2024/01/04–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11         3.10            NA       850,100         —          —         —       100,000       750,100
                                    1,103,500   2022/11/09–2025/01/03   2025/01/04–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11         3.49            NA       850,100         —          —         —       100,000       750,100
                                    1,103,000   2022/11/09–2026/01/03   2026/01/04–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11         3.79            NA       849,800         —          —         —       100,000       749,800
                     2022/11/10       515,000   2022/11/10–2023/11/09   2023/11/10–2032/11/09         11.02     11.20         2.81            NA       375,000         —          —         —         7,500       367,500
                                      515,000   2022/11/10–2024/11/09   2024/11/10–2032/11/09         11.02     11.20         3.22            NA       375,000         —          —         —         7,500       367,500
                                      515,000   2022/11/10–2025/11/09   2025/11/10–2032/11/09         11.02     11.20         3.52            NA       375,000         —          —         —         7,500       367,500
                                      515,000   2022/11/10–2026/11/09   2026/11/10–2032/11/09         11.02     11.20         3.75            NA       375,000         —          —         —         7,500       367,500
                     2022/12/28       482,500   2022/12/28–2023/12/27   2023/12/28–2032/12/27         12.78     12.96         3.57            NA       262,500         —          —         —        15,000       247,500
                                      482,500   2022/12/28–2024/12/27   2024/12/28–2032/12/27         12.78     12.96         4.09            NA       262,500         —          —         —        15,000       247,500
                                      482,500   2022/12/28–2025/12/27   2025/12/28–2032/12/27         12.78     12.96         4.47            NA       262,500         —          —         —        15,000       247,500
                                      482,500   2022/12/28–2026/12/27   2026/12/28–2032/12/27         12.78     12.96         4.77            NA       262,500         —          —         —        15,000       247,500
                     2023/04/19       865,000   2023/04/19–2024/04/18   2024/04/19–2033/04/18          9.95      9.71         3.03            NA       770,000         —          —         —            —        770,000
                                      865,000   2023/04/19–2025/04/18   2025/04/19–2033/04/18          9.95      9.71         3.54            NA       770,000         —          —         —            —        770,000
                                      865,000   2023/04/19–2026/04/18   2026/04/19–2033/04/18          9.95      9.71         3.91            NA       770,000         —          —         —            —        770,000
                                      865,000   2023/04/19–2027/04/18   2027/04/19–2033/04/18          9.95      9.71         4.20            NA       770,000         —          —         —            —        770,000
                     2023/07/20       735,000   2023/07/20–2024/07/19   2024/07/20–2033/07/19          7.88      8.16         2.57            NA       215,000         —          —         —        30,000       185,000
                                      735,000   2023/07/20–2025/07/19   2025/07/20–2033/07/19          7.88      8.16         2.99            NA       215,000         —          —         —        30,000       185,000
                                      735,000   2023/07/20–2026/07/19   2026/07/20–2033/07/19          7.88      8.16         3.28            NA       215,000         —          —         —        30,000       185,000
                                      735,000   2023/07/20–2027/07/19   2027/07/20–2033/07/19          7.88      8.16         3.51            NA       215,000         —          —         —        30,000       185,000
                     2023/08/23    18,707,225   2023/08/23–2024/08/22   2024/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79         2.15            NA    18,446,250         —          —         —       490,750    17,955,500
                                   18,707,225   2023/08/23–2025/08/22   2025/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79         2.54            NA    18,446,250         —          —         —       490,750    17,955,500
                                   18,707,225   2023/08/23–2026/08/22   2026/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79         2.83            NA    18,446,250         —          —         —       490,750    17,955,500
                                   18,707,225   2023/08/23–2027/08/22   2027/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79         3.06            NA    18,446,250         —          —         —       490,750    17,955,500
                     2023/10/20       390,000   2023/10/20–2024/10/19   2024/10/20–2033/10/19          5.97      5.99         1.79            NA       390,000         —          —         —        80,000       310,000
                                      390,000   2023/10/20–2025/10/19   2025/10/20–2033/10/19          5.97      5.99         2.09            NA       390,000         —          —         —        80,000       310,000
                                      390,000   2023/10/20–2026/10/19   2026/10/20–2033/10/19          5.97      5.99         2.31            NA       390,000         —          —         —        80,000       310,000
                                      390,000   2023/10/20–2027/10/19   2027/10/20–2033/10/19          5.97      5.99         2.48            NA       390,000         —          —         —        80,000       310,000
                     2024/03/27       145,000   2024/03/27–2025/03/26   2025/03/27–2034/03/26          6.55      6.85         1.96            NA            —     145,000         —         —        20,000       125,000
                                      145,000   2024/03/27–2026/03/26   2026/03/27–2034/03/26          6.55      6.85         2.31            NA            —     145,000         —         —        20,000       125,000
                                      145,000   2024/03/27–2027/03/26   2027/03/27–2034/03/26          6.55      6.85         2.59            NA            —     145,000         —         —        20,000       125,000
                                      145,000   2024/03/27–2028/03/26   2028/03/27–2034/03/26          6.55      6.85         2.82            NA            —     145,000         —         —        20,000       125,000


      Total                                                                                                                                         129,524,700 580,000           —          — 13,182,000 116,922,700



     Note: Please refer to page 73 of this Interim Report for the accounting standard and policy adopted to calculate the fair value of the options.

     Smoore International Holdings Limited
46 Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                               OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




B. Share Award Scheme

   The Company adopted a share award scheme on 2 September 2021 (the “Share Award Scheme”). With effect from
   1 January 2023, the Share Award Scheme is subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The purpose
   of the Share Award Scheme is to recognize and reward the contribution of certain eligible participants through the
   awarded shares to the growth and development of the Group and to provide incentives in order to retain them for
   continual operation and development of the Group; and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the
   Group.

   For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company has granted 390,000 awarded shares to certain selected
   participants in accordance with the terms of the Share Award Scheme on 27 March 2024. The number of Award
   Shares that may be granted under the mandate of the Share Award Scheme on 1 January 2024 was 267,480,861
   shares and the number of awarded shares that may be granted under the mandate of the Share Award Scheme on 30
   June 2024 was 269,584,686 shares.

   Details of the movement of the Share Award Scheme for the six months ended 30 June 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                            average
                                                                               Closing price                           closing price
                                                                                immediately            Fair value as    immediately Number of
                                                                                  before the Purchase at the date of      before the  awards as Granted        Vested Cancelled     Lapsed Number of
                                   Date of       Number                        date of grant     price         grant   vesting date at 1 January during the during the during the during the awards as at
    Grantee                        grant       of awards Vesting period               (HKD)     (HKD)         (HKD)           (HKD)         2024     period     period     period     period 30 June 2024


    Xiong Shaoming                 2023/8/23      24,700 2024/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         24,700        —          —          —          —         24,700
        (Director)                                24,700 2025/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         24,700        —          —          —          —         24,700
                                                  24,700 2026/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         24,700        —          —          —          —         24,700
                                                  24,700 2027/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         24,700        —          —          —          —         24,700
    Wang Guisheng                  2023/8/23      45,600 2024/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         45,600        —          —          —          —         45,600
       (Director)                                 45,600 2025/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         45,600        —          —          —          —         45,600
                                                  45,600 2026/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         45,600        —          —          —          —         45,600
                                                  45,600 2027/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         45,600        —          —          —          —         45,600
    Wang Xin                       2023/8/23      29,225 2024/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         29,225        —          —          —          —         29,225
       (Director)                                 29,225 2025/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         29,225        —          —          —          —         29,225
                                                  29,225 2026/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         29,225        —          —          —          —         29,225
                                                  29,225 2027/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         29,225        —          —          —          —         29,225
    Bu Zhiqiang                    2023/8/23      11,200 2024/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         11,200        —          —          —          —         11,200
        (Associate of director)                   11,200 2025/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         11,200        —          —          —          —         11,200
                                                  11,200 2026/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         11,200        —          —          —          —         11,200
                                                  11,200 2027/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA         11,200        —          —          —          —         11,200
    Li Xiaoping                    2023/8/23       7,300 2024/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA          7,300        —          —          —          —          7,300
         (Associate of director)                   7,300 2025/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA          7,300        —          —          —          —          7,300
                                                   7,300 2026/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA          7,300        —          —          —          —          7,300
                                                   7,300 2027/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA          7,300        —          —          —          —          7,300
    Yuan Xiang                     2023/8/23       3,225 2024/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA          3,225        —          —          —          —          3,225
       (Associate of director)                     3,225 2025/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA          3,225        —          —          —          —          3,225
                                                   3,225 2026/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA          3,225        —          —          —          —          3,225
                                                   3,225 2027/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA          3,225        —          —          —          —          3,225
    Bu Weiqiang                    2023/8/23       8,925 2024/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA          8,925        —          —          —          —          8,925
       (Associate of director)                     8,925 2025/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA          8,925        —          —          —          —          8,925
                                                   8,925 2026/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA          8,925        —          —          —          —          8,925
                                                   8,925 2027/8/23–2033/8/22           7.63         —           7.20           NA          8,925        —          —          —          —          8,925




                                                                                                                                          Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024                             47
     OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                                              average
                                                                                 Closing price                           closing price
                                                                                  immediately            Fair value as    immediately Number of
                                                                                    before the Purchase at the date of      before the  awards as Granted        Vested Cancelled     Lapsed Number of
                                  Date of        Number                          date of grant     price         grant   vesting date at 1 January during the during the during the during the awards as at
            Grantee               grant        of awards Vesting period                 (HKD)     (HKD)         (HKD)           (HKD)         2024     period     period     period     period 30 June 2024


            Other employees       2021/12/24     570,000 2022/4/1–2031/12/23            39.40         —          39.35           NA             —         —        —            —          —             —
                (not Directors)                  570,000 2023/4/1–2031/12/23            39.40         —          39.35           NA             —         —        —            —          —             —
                                                 570,000 2024/4/1–2031/12/23            39.40         —          39.35          6.60       530,000        — 105,000             —     425,000            —
                                                 570,000 2025/4/1–2031/12/23            39.40         —          39.35           NA        530,000        —        —            —     425,000       105,000
            Other employees       2021/12/24      90,000 2022/7/9–2031/12/23            39.40         —          39.35           NA             —         —        —            —          —             —
                (not Directors)                   90,000 2023/7/9–2031/12/23            39.40         —          39.35           NA             —         —        —            —          —             —
                                                  90,000 2024/7/9–2031/12/23            39.40         —          39.35           NA         70,000        —        —            —          —         70,000
                                                  90,000 2025/7/9–2031/12/23            39.40         —          39.35           NA         70,000        —        —            —          —         70,000
            Other employees       2021/12/24     570,575 2022/9/30–2031/12/23           39.40         —          39.35           NA             —         —        —            —          —             —
                (not Directors)                  570,575 2023/9/30–2031/12/23           39.40         —          39.35           NA         37,500        —        —            —          —         37,500
                                                 570,575 2024/9/30–2031/12/23           39.40         —          39.35           NA        470,050        —        —            —      20,525       449,525
                                                 445,575 2025/9/30–2031/12/23           39.40         —          39.35           NA        345,050        —        —            —      20,525       324,525
            Other employees       2022/1/4       235,000 2023/1/4–2032/1/3              37.10         —          35.00           NA             —         —        —            —          —             —
                (not Directors)                  235,000 2024/1/4–2032/1/3              37.10         —          35.00          6.21       210,000        — 210,000             —          —             —
                                                 235,000 2025/1/4–2032/1/3              37.10         —          35.00           NA        210,000        —        —            —      10,000       200,000
                                                 235,000 2026/1/4–2032/1/3              37.10         —          35.00           NA        210,000        —        —            —      10,000       200,000
            Other employees       2022/4/19      974,250 2023/4/19–2032/4/18            18.46         —          17.18           NA             —         —        —            —          —             —
                (not Directors)                1,588,500 2024/4/19–2032/4/18            18.46         —          17.18          6.77     1,308,750        — 1,239,500           —      69,000           250
                                               1,588,500 2025/4/19–2032/4/18            18.46         —          17.18           NA      1,308,750        —        —            —     107,250     1,201,500
                                               1,588,500 2026/4/19–2032/4/18            18.46         —          17.18           NA      1,308,750        —        —            —     107,250     1,201,500
                                                 614,250 2027/4/19–2032/4/18            18.46         —          17.18           NA        482,250        —        —            —      60,500       421,750
            Other employees       2022/7/21      244,000 2023/7/21–2032/7/20            20.60         —          20.35           NA             —         —        —            —          —             —
                (not Directors)                  244,000 2024/7/21–2032/7/20            20.60         —          20.35           NA        204,000        —        —            —      45,000       159,000
                                                 244,000 2025/7/21–2032/7/20            20.60         —          20.35           NA        204,000        —        —            —      45,000       159,000
                                                 244,000 2026/7/21–2032/7/20            20.60         —          20.35           NA        204,000        —        —            —      45,000       159,000
            Other employees       2022/11/10     171,000 2023/11/10–2032/11/09          11.02         —          10.70           NA             —         —        —            —          —             —
                (not Directors)                  171,000 2024/11/10–2032/11/09          11.02         —          10.70           NA        136,000        —        —            —       4,625       131,375
                                                 171,000 2025/11/10–2032/11/09          11.02         —          10.70           NA        136,000        —        —            —       4,625       131,375
                                                 171,000 2026/11/10–2032/11/09          11.02         —          10.70           NA        136,000        —        —            —       4,625       131,375
            Other employees       2022/12/28     199,625 2023/12/28–2032/12/27          12.78         —          12.96           NA             —         —        —            —          —             —
                (not Directors)                  199,625 2024/12/28–2032/12/27          12.78         —          12.96           NA         47,500        —        —            —          —         47,500
                                                 199,625 2025/12/28–2032/12/27          12.78         —          12.96           NA         47,500        —        —            —          —         47,500
                                                 199,625 2026/12/28–2032/12/27          12.78         —          12.96           NA         47,500        —        —            —          —         47,500
            Other employees       2023/4/19      433,000 2024/4/19–2033/4/18             9.95         —           9.62          6.77       389,250        — 314,250             —          —         75,000
                (not Directors)                  433,000 2025/4/19–2033/4/18             9.95         —           9.62           NA        389,250        —        —            —       5,000       384,250
                                                 433,000 2026/4/19–2033/4/18             9.95         —           9.62           NA        389,250        —        —            —       5,000       384,250
                                                 428,000 2027/4/19–2033/4/18             9.95         —           9.62           NA        384,250        —        —            —          —        384,250
            Other employees       2023/7/20      479,250 2024/7/20–2033/7/19             7.88         —           8.16           NA         75,000        —        —            —      20,000        55,000
                (not Directors)                  479,250 2025/7/20–2033/7/19             7.88         —           8.16           NA         75,000        —        —            —      20,000        55,000
                                                 479,250 2026/7/20–2033/7/19             7.88         —           8.16           NA         75,000        —        —            —      20,000        55,000
                                                 479,250 2027/7/20–2033/7/19             7.88         —           8.16           NA         75,000        —        —            —      20,000        55,000
            Other employees       2023/8/23    6,144,675 2024/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63         —           7.20           NA      6,047,025        —        —            —     180,350     5,866,675
                (not Directors)                6,144,675 2025/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63         —           7.20           NA      6,047,025        —        —            —     180,350     5,866,675
                                               6,144,675 2026/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63         —           7.20           NA      6,047,025        —        —            —     180,350     5,866,675
                                               6,144,675 2027/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63         —           7.20           NA      6,047,025        —        —            —     180,350     5,866,675
            Other employees       2023/10/20     162,125 2024/10/20–2033/10/19           5.97         —           5.82           NA        162,125        —        —            —      57,125       105,000
                (not Directors)                  162,125 2025/10/20–2033/10/19           5.97         —           5.82           NA        162,125        —        —            —      57,125       105,000
                                                 162,125 2026/10/20–2033/10/19           5.97         —           5.82           NA        162,125        —        —            —      57,125       105,000
                                                 162,125 2027/10/20–2033/10/19           5.97         —           5.82           NA        162,125        —        —            —      57,125       105,000
            Other employees       2024/3/27       97,500 2025/3/27–2034/3/26             6.55         —           6.60           NA             —     97,500       —            —          —         97,500
                (not Directors)                   97,500 2026/3/27–2034/3/26             6.55         —           6.60           NA             —     97,500       —            —          —         97,500
                                                  97,500 2027/3/27–2034/3/26             6.55         —           6.60           NA             —     97,500       —            —          —         97,500
                                                  97,500 2028/3/27–2034/3/26             6.55         —           6.60           NA             —     97,500       —            —          —         97,500
            External consultant   2022/11/10     120,000 2023/9/17–2032/11/09           11.02         —          10.70           NA             —         —        —            —          —             —


            Total                                                                                                                       35,462,900   390,000 1,868,750          — 2,443,825      31,540,325



          Note: Please refer to page 74 of this Interim Report for the accounting standard and policy adopted to calculate the fair value of the awards.



     Smoore International Holdings Limited
48 Interim Report 2024
                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




Pledge of Controlling Shareholder’s Equity

Reference is made to the announcements of the Company dated 31 December 2020, 7 July 2021, 11 April 2022, 20 July
2023 and 21 May 2024. As at 21 May 2024, EVE Asia Co., Limited, the parent company of EVE Battery, had repaid all
outstanding amounts of approximately HK$0.8 billion under the loan facilities granted by CHINA CONSTRUCTION BANK (ASIA)
CORPORATION LIMITED (“CHINA CONSTRUCTION BANK (ASIA)”) and accordingly, the pledge of 0.30 billion shares of
the Company by EVE Battery has therefore been fully released and cancelled pursuant to the relevant pledge agreement
between EVE Battery and CHINA CONSTRUCTION BANK (ASIA).



Exchangeable Bonds Issued by Controlling Shareholder

Reference is made to the announcements of the Company dated 12 November 2021, 30 June 2022, 4 November 2022,
3 July 2023, 12 October 2023, and 5 August 2024 and capitalized terms in this section shall have the same meaning as
defined in such announcements. To the knowledge of the Directors, as of 30 June 2024, the Exchange Property which
EVE Battery has pledged to the specific trust account included 60,578,645 shares. On 5 August 2024, the Company was
informed by EVE Battery that dividend of the Company was received for the Exchange Property on 19 June 2024 and this
is one of the certain events enumerated in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds. Further adjustment is required on the
Exchange Property according to market practice. Therefore, EVE Battery has pledged an additional 331,176 shares it held to
the specific trust account. After completion of this additional pledge, the Exchange Property included 60,909,821 shares.



Adequacy of Public Float

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, at least 25%
of the Company’s total issued shares (excluding treasury shares) was held by the public for the six months ended 30 June
2024.



Use of Proceeds from the Global Offering

The shares of the Company were successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 10 July 2020 by offering a
total of 660,504,000 shares (including the issuance of the over-allotment shares upon the full exercise of the over-allotment
option) at offer price of HK$12.40 per share (the “Listing”). The gross and net proceeds raised by the Company from the
Listing were approximately HK$8,190.3 million and approximately HK$7,909.9 million, respectively.




                                                                                      Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2024     49
     OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




     The net proceeds from the Listing have been and will be utilized in the same manner and proportion as set out in the
     prospectus of the Company dated 29 June 2020 under the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds”. The
     table below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage as of 30 June 2024:

                                                                                                         Unutilized
                                              Approximate    Amount of                                     amount
                                               percentage net proceeds    Actual usage Actual usage           as at
                                                   of total   allocated      during the        up to      30 June                               Expected
          Use of proceeds                         amount upon Listing Review Period 30 June 2024              2024                               timeline
                                                            (HK$ million)  (HK$ million) (HK$ million) (HK$ million)


          (i) Expand our production                      50%              3,954.9               101.4             1,297.7         2,657.2     By the end
                capacity, including                                                                                                              of 2026
                the establishment
                of industrial parks
                in Jiangmen and
                Shenzhen, Guangdong
                Province**
          (ii) Implement automated                       25%              1,977.5                   —             1,977.5                —                —
                production and
                assembly lines at our
                new production bases,
                upgrade our group-
                level ERP system and
                upgrade our existing
                factories
          (iii) Invest in research and                   20%              1,582.0                77.5             1,582.0                —                —
                development, including
                building a group-level
                research center in
                Shenzhen, developing
                new heating technology
                and paying for product
                certification expenses
          (iv) Provide funding for our                     5%                395.5                  —              395.5                 —                —
                working capital and
                other general corporate
                purposes

                                                        100%              7,909.9               178.9             5,252.7         2,657.2


     *       The figures above are rounded to the nearest one decimal place and may not add up due to rounding.


     **      According to the Measures for the Administration of Electronic Cigarettes (《電子煙管理辦法》) published on 11 March 2022, e-cigarette manufacturers
             should obtain tobacco monopoly production enterprise license. The Group has obtained the relevant licenses, and any future expansion of production
             capacity in Mainland of China must comply with the relevant regulations.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
50 Interim Report 2024
                                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




Placing

On 27 January 2021, the Company, Aletech Holding Limited (“Top-up Vendor”), and CLSA Limited (“Placing Agent”)
entered into the placing and subscription agreement. Pursuant to which, the Top-up Vendor agreed to sell, and the Placing
Agent agreed to procure purchasers to purchase, the 60,000,000 shares of the Company held by Top-up Vendor at a price
of HK$74.40 per share (the “Placing”). Subject to completion of the Placing, the Top-up Vendor agreed to subscribe for
60,000,000 new shares of the Company at a subscription price of HK$74.40 per share (the “Subscription”). The net share
price for the Subscription after deduction of all expenses incurred by the Top-up Vendor, including legal fees and fees of
other advisers, in connection with the Subscription is approximately HK$74.09 per subscription share. The market price of
the shares on the date when the terms of the Placing and Subscription were determined (i.e. 27 January 2021) was HK$80.


The Placing and the Subscription were completed on 1 February 2021 and 4 February 2021, respectively. The Company’s
net proceeds for the Placing and Subscription (after deducting related costs and expenses) were approximately HK$4,445.5
million, equivalent to approximately RMB3,705.6 million.


For details of the Placing and Subscription, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 27 January 2021, 28
January 2021 and 4 February 2021.


The intended and actual use of proceeds from the Placing and the Subscription up to 30 June 2024 are set out as follows:

                             Approximate                                                 Unutilized
                              percentage      Amount of   Actual usage Actual usage amount as
                                  of total net proceeds      during the        up to at 30 June                                           Expected
    Intended use of proceeds     amount        allocated Review Period 30 June 2024           2024                                         timeline
                                            (HK$ million)  (HK$ million) (HK$ million) (HK$ million)


    (i) Expansion of production                    55%              2,445.0                80.5              530.5          1,914.5     By the end
          capacity*                                                                                                                        of 2026
    (ii) Allocating more                           10%                 444.5                  —                   —           444.5     By the end
          resources and funds in                                                                                                           of 2026
          the PMTA application for
          more products rollout in
          the market of the United
          States once approved
    (iii) Investing in the R&D on                  35%              1,556.0                   —            1,556.0                 —               —
          the atomization devices
          for healthcare and
          pharmaceutical industry

                                                  100%              4,445.5                80.5            2,086.5          2,359.0


*      According to the Measures for the Administration of Electronic Cigarettes (《電子煙管理辦法》) published on 11 March 2022, e-cigarette manufacturers
       should obtain tobacco monopoly production enterprise license. The Group has obtained the relevant licenses, and any future expansion of production
       capacity in Mainland of China must comply with the relevant regulations.




                                                                                                         Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2024              51
     OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




     Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules

     According to paragraph 40 of Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules headed “Disclosure of Financial Information”, save as
     disclosed in this interim report, the Company confirms that the Company’s current information in relation to those matters
     set out in paragraph 32 of Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules has not been changed materially from the information disclosed
     in the Company’s 2023 annual report.



     Review of Accounts

     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the independent auditor of the Company, has reviewed the unaudited condensed consolidated
     interim financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2024 in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review
     Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by
     the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.



     Events after the Review Period

     There are no material events that are required to be disclosed by the Company after 30 June 2024.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
52 Interim Report 2024
                            REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
SMOORE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
思摩爾國際控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)



Introduction
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Smoore International Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 54 to 78, which comprise the condensed
consolidated statement of financial position as of 30 June 2024 and the related condensed consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed
consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated
financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require
the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong
Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these
condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion
on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as
a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.



Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” (“HKSRE 2410”) issued by the HKICPA. A review
of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope
than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to
obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we
do not express an audit opinion.



Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated financial
statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
19 August 2024

                                                                                      Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2024      53
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2024            2023
                                                                             NOTES        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)      (unaudited)


       Revenue                                                                 4         5,037,242        5,122,862
       Cost of sales                                                                     (3,122,645)     (3,267,492)


       Gross profit                                                                       1,914,597       1,855,370
       Other income and expenses                                                           394,989         240,379
       Distribution and selling expenses                                                   (374,516)       (208,656)
       Administrative expenses                                                             (339,229)       (465,940)
       Research and development expenses                                                   (760,112)       (614,724)
       Finance costs                                                                        (18,512)        (10,980)
       Other gains and losses                                                  5             (6,051)           (117)
       Impairment loss recognised on trade receivables, net                                    389              838


       Profit before tax                                                                   811,555         796,170
       Income tax expense                                                      6           (128,357)        (78,828)


       Profit for the period                                                   7           683,198         717,342


       Other comprehensive income:
       Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
         Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                  41,399          17,014


       Other comprehensive income for the period                                            41,399          17,014


       Total comprehensive income for the period                                           724,597         734,356


       Earnings per share                                                      9
         Basic (RMB cents)                                                                    11.20           11.81


         Diluted (RMB cents)                                                                  11.11           11.63




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
54 Interim Report 2024
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                               At 30 June 2024




                                                                                         At                At
                                                                                   30 June     31 December
                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                  NOTES          RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                (unaudited)          (audited)


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                      10            4,630,375         4,675,648
Intangible assets                                                                   82,400            90,126
Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                     166,152            97,777
Deferred tax assets                                                                 35,680            34,120
Long-term bank deposits                                                          3,056,949         1,017,889
Rental deposits                                                                     26,946            21,972


                                                                                 7,998,502         5,937,532


Current assets
Inventories                                                                        808,001          781,204
Trade and bills receivables                                        11            2,098,983         1,888,208
Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                        739,950          729,271
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                    601,701                —
Restricted bank deposits                                                           358,650             4,116
Short-term bank deposits over three months                                       7,400,336       10,835,877
Bank balances and cash                                                           6,534,871         5,332,076


                                                                                18,542,492       19,570,752


Current liabilities
Trade and bills payables                                           12            1,197,415         1,269,804
Other payables and accrued expenses                                              1,179,667         1,478,708
Tax payables                                                                        46,668            61,822
Contract liabilities                                                               466,700          242,395
Lease liabilities                                                                  129,599          118,415
Deferred income                                                                      1,744             2,166
Advances drawn on bills receivables discounted with recourse                     1,658,829          393,023


                                                                                 4,680,622         3,566,333


Net current assets                                                              13,861,870       16,004,419


Total assets less current liabilities                                           21,860,372       21,941,951

                                                                          Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Interim Report 2024   55
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)
     At 30 June 2024




                                                               At              At
                                                         30 June     31 December
                                                            2024           2023
                                             NOTE       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                       (unaudited)       (audited)


       Non-current liabilities
       Lease liabilities                                 240,688         264,957
       Deferred income                                      4,189          4,992
       Deferred tax liability                            290,855         262,393


                                                         535,732         532,342


       Net assets                                     21,324,640      21,409,609


       Capital and reserves
       Share capital                          13         428,343         428,272
       Reserves                                       20,896,297      20,981,337


       Total equity                                   21,324,640      21,409,609




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
56 Interim Report 2024
        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                                       Shares
                                                                                   held under
                                                           Capital   Share   Share       share
                                       Share     Share redemption option    award       award Statutory                   Other Translation     Retained
                                      capital premium      reserve reserve reserve    scheme reserve                   reserve     reserve        profits      Total
                                     RMB’000 RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                (Note i)                (Note ii)

       At 1 January 2023 (audited) 424,043 8,669,968                 1,313 467,869     93,281    (134,513)   50,116 (1,194,032)      (15,358) 12,014,521 20,377,208
       Profit for the period            —         —                     —       —          —            —        —           —             —     717,342    717,342
       Other comprehensive income
          for the period                —         —                    —        —          —           —         —           —        17,014           —       17,014

       Total comprehensive income
          for the period                   —           —               —        —          —           —         —           —        17,014      717,342     734,356

       Recognition of share-based
          payment expenses                 —           —               — 102,256       44,713          —         —           —             —           —      146,969
       Exercise of share options          205       7,783              — (6,880)           —           —         —           —             —           —        1,108
       Vesting of shares under
          share award scheme               —       (1,898)             —        —     (35,998)     37,896        —           —             —           —            —
       Dividends recognised as
          distribution (Note 8)            — (439,328)                 —        —          —           —         —           —             —           —     (439,328)

       At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)   424,248 8,236,525               1,313 563,245 101,996        (96,617)   50,116 (1,194,032)        1,656 12,731,863 20,820,313

       At 1 January 2024 (audited) 428,272 8,108,033                 1,313 528,892 135,733       (214,351)   66,287 (1,194,032)      (93,978) 13,643,440 21,409,609
       Profit for the period            —         —                     —       —       —               —        —           —             —     683,198    683,198
       Other comprehensive income
          for the period                —         —                    —        —          —           —         —           —        41,399           —       41,399

       Total comprehensive income
          for the period                   —           —               —        —          —           —         —           —        41,399      683,198     724,597

       Recognition of share-based
          payment expenses                 —           —               —    33,457     36,196          —         —           —             —           —       69,653
       Exercise of share options           71       2,672              —    (2,363)        —           —         —           —             —           —          380
       Vesting of shares under
          share award scheme               —        7,800              —        — (29,216)         21,416        —           —             —           —            —
       Purchase of shares under
          share award scheme               —           —               —        —          —     (603,738)       —           —             —           —     (603,738)
       Dividends recognised as
          distribution (Note 8)            — (275,861)                 —        —          —           —         —           —             —           —     (275,861)

       At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)   428,343 7,842,644               1,313 559,986 142,713       (796,673)   66,287 (1,194,032)      (52,579) 14,326,638 21,324,640


Notes:


(i)        Pursuant to the relevant laws in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), each of the subsidiaries established in the PRC is required to transfer at least
           10% of its profit after taxation to the statutory reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of their registered capital. Transfer to this reserve must be made
           before distributing dividends to equity holders. The statutory reserve can be used to make up for previous years’ losses, expand the existing operations
           or convert into additional capital of the subsidiaries.


(ii)       Other reserve represents i) the difference between the share capital and share premium of Smoore Shenzhen Technology Co,. Ltd (“Smoore
           Shenzhen”), a subsidiary of the Company, and cash considerations for the acquisition of 95% and 5% interest in Smoore Shenzhen by Smoore (Hong
           Kong) Limited and Smile Baby Investment Limited, the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, respectively; and ii) the difference between the par
           value and fair value of convertible preferred shares of the Company at the date of issuance as part of the group reorganisation in prior year.


                                                                                                                     Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024                 57
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2024            2023
                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                         (unaudited)      (unaudited)


       NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                   602,829        1,072,440


       INVESTING ACTIVITIES
       Payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment             (402,857)       (469,305)
       Purchase of intangible assets                                          (9,135)        (14,777)
       Placement of short-term deposits with variable interests             (600,000)     (7,000,000)
       Withdrawal of short-term deposits with variable interests                  —        7,052,638
       Placement of restricted bank deposits                                (355,215)             —
       Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits                                   681               —
       Placement of long-term bank deposits                               (2,000,000)     (1,000,000)
       Placement of short-term bank deposits over three months            (5,685,760)       (804,335)
       Withdrawal of short-term bank deposits over three months            9,083,515       4,400,000
       Payments for rental deposits                                           (6,905)         (4,498)
       Refund of rental deposits upon termination of leases                   7,408            5,158
       Interest received                                                    236,177         138,243
       Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                    —              328


       NET CASH FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                   267,909        2,303,452


       FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       Proceeds from issue of shares upon exercise of share options             380            1,108
       Dividends paid                                                       (276,037)       (439,155)
       Repayment of lease liabilities                                        (50,797)        (88,963)
       Interest paid                                                         (18,512)        (10,980)
       Advances drawn on bills receivables discounted with recourse        1,280,829              —
       Payment on repurchase and cancellation of shares                           —               —
       Purchase of shares under share award scheme                          (603,738)             —


       NET CASH FROM/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES                         332,125         (537,990)




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
58 Interim Report 2024
         CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                    2024             2023
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                             (unaudited)        (unaudited)


NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                      1,202,863         2,837,902


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD           5,332,076         9,762,933


EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES                               (68)           4,543


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE PERIOD,
 represented by bank balances and cash                         6,534,871       12,605,378




                                                        Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                          Interim Report 2024   59
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     1. General Information

          Smoore International Holdings Limited (“the Company”) was incorporated and registered as an exempted company
          with limited liability in the Cayman Islands under the Companies Law, Cap. 22 on 22 July 2019. The Company’s shares
          were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 10 July 2020.
          The addresses of the Company’s registered office and principal place of business are Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive,
          PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands and Office B, 28/F, EGL Tower, No. 83 Hung To Road,
          Kowloon, Hong Kong, respectively.


          The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of the Group are (i) research, design and
          manufacturing of closed system vaping products, vaping components, heat-not-burn products and atomization
          products for special purpose for a number of global leading tobacco companies, independent vaping and other
          corporate clients, as well as providing customers with technological services relating to the above products; (ii)
          research, design, manufacturing and sale of self-branded open system vaping products, or advanced personal
          vaporizers (“APV”), for retail clients; and (iii) new businesses such as inhalation therapy to provide patients with
          inhalation drug delivery products and related technological services and beauty atomization on a basis of atomization
          technology.


          The condensed consolidated financial statements of Group are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as
          the functional currency of the Company.



     2. Basis of Preparation

          The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
          Standard 34 (“HKAS 34”) “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
          Accountants (“HKICPA”) as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of Appendix D2 to the Rules Governing the
          Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.



     3. Principal Accounting Policies

          The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
          financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.


          Other than additional accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting
          Standards (“HKFRSs”) and application of certain accounting policies which became relevant to the Group, the
          accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six
          months ended 30 June 2024 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual financial statements for the year
          ended 31 December 2023.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
60 Interim Report 2024
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024




3. Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)

   Application of amendments to HKFRSs
   In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA,
   for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2024 for the
   preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:


   Amendments to HKFRS 16                       Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
   Amendments to HKAS 1                         Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                  and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)
   Amendments to HKAS 1                         Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
   Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7             Supplier Finance Arrangements

   The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current interim period has had no material impact on the
   Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out in these
   condensed consolidated financial statements.



4. Revenue and Segment Information

   Revenue represents the amounts received and receivable from the sale of APV and vaping products and components
   other than APV, net of discounts and sales related taxes.


   Revenue is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being when the goods have been shipped to the
   customer’s specific location (the “delivery”). Following the delivery, the customer has full discretion over the manner of
   distribution and price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility when on selling the goods and bears the risks of
   obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods. The normal credit term is 0 to 90 days upon delivery.


   The Group has one operating segment based on information reported to the chief operating decision maker (the “CODM”),
   of the Group, being the executive directors of the Company, for the purpose of resource allocation and performance
   assessment, which is the consolidated results of the Group. No analysis of segment assets or segment liabilities is
   presented as such information is not regularly provided to the CODM.




                                                                                      Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2024     61
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     4. Revenue and Segment Information (Continued)

          An analysis of the Group’s revenue for the period is as follows:


                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                   (unaudited)    (unaudited)


            Vaping products and components, other than APV                                          3,921,635     4,474,010
            APV                                                                                     1,115,607       648,852


            Total revenue that recognised at a point in time                                        5,037,242     5,122,862


          The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segment:


                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                   (unaudited)    (unaudited)


            Segment revenue                                                                         5,037,242     5,122,862


            Segment profit                                                                            820,065       802,075
            Unallocated loss                                                                          (19,232)        (3,759)
            Unallocated income                                                                         13,178             89
            Unallocated expenses                                                                        (2,456)       (2,235)


            Profit before tax                                                                         811,555       796,170


          The accounting policies of the operating segment are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. Segment profit
          represents profit earned from the segment without allocation of profit or loss generated by the holding company. This
          is the measure reported to the CODM for the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
62 Interim Report 2024
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2024




4. Revenue and Segment Information (Continued)

   Geographical information
   The following table sets out information about the Group’s revenue from external customers by the location of
   customers:


                                                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                          (unaudited)            (unaudited)


     Hong Kong, China (Note)                                                                                1,858,393            2,058,603
     United Kingdom                                                                                         1,145,912            1,293,476
     United States of America                                                                                 564,812               488,923
     The PRC (excluding Hong Kong)                                                                            326,643               393,207
     France                                                                                                   160,310               159,735
     New Zealand                                                                                              117,897                57,770
     The United Arab Emirates                                                                                 115,017                26,814
     Japan                                                                                                    114,880               201,806
     Others                                                                                                   633,378               442,528


                                                                                                            5,037,242            5,122,862


   Note: Revenue generated from Hong Kong are on re-export or transhipment basis and none of the Group’s products are distributed or sold in Hong
          Kong.



   The Group’s non-current assets are substantially located in the PRC by location of assets and no geographical
   information is presented.




                                                                                                  Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2024             63
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     5. Other Gains and Losses

                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                      (unaudited)      (unaudited)


            Net foreign exchange gain                                                      8,134          37,100
            Loss arising on forward foreign exchange contracts                                 —          (86,810)
            Gain arising on short-term bank deposits with variable interest rate           1,118          52,638
            Gain on early termination of leases                                              396            1,178
            Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment
              and intangible assets                                                       (22,935)         (4,502)
            Others                                                                         7,236              279


                                                                                           (6,051)           (117)




     6. Income Tax Expense

                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                      (unaudited)      (unaudited)


            PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                             87,985          67,889
            Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                         11,882          11,094
            Other countries and regions                                                    1,588            2,481


                                                                                         101,455          81,464
            Deferred tax                                                                  26,902           (2,636)


                                                                                         128,357          78,828




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
64 Interim Report 2024
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024




6. Income Tax Expense (Continued)

   Under the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
   Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% except for Smoore Shenzhen, Jiangmen Moore
   Technology Co., Ltd (江 門 摩 爾 科 技 有 限 公司) (“Moore Jiangmen”) and Shenzhen Maishi Technology Co., Ltd
   ( 深 圳 麥 時 科 技 有 限 公 司 ) (“Maishi Technology”), three major operating subsidiaries in the PRC. Smoore Shenzhen
   was qualified as High and New Technology Enterprise in November 2015 which was subsequently renewed in
   November 2018 and December 2021. Moore Jiangmen and Maishi Technology were qualified as High and New
   Technology Enterprise in December 2021, and therefore Smoore Shenzhen, Moore Jiangmen and Maishi Technology
   were entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for three years from 2021 to 2023.


   Pursuant to the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning Implementation of the
   Preferential Income Tax Policy for High and New Technology Enterprise (State Administration of Taxation Announcement [2017]
   No.24), Smoore Shenzhen, Moore Jiangmen and Maishi Technology are entitled to pay EIT at the rate of 15% in
   the year that the High and New Technology Enterprise certification (“the Certificate”) expires on a provisional basis.
   As at 30 June, 2024, Smoore Shenzhen, Moore Jiangmen and Maishi Technology are in process of reapplying the
   Certificate. The Group performed an assessment in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements and the EIT of
   Smoore Shenzhen, Moore Jiangmen and Maishi Technology are provided at 15% for the six months ended 30 June
   2024.


   As at 30 June 2024, the Group mainly operates in the Mainland of China, in which the Pillar Two income tax legislation
   is not yet enacted. Besides, the government of the Netherlands, France and the United Kingdom, where certain group
   entities are incorporated, has enacted the Pillar Two Rules which has already taken effect.


   However, as the Group’s estimated effective tax rates of all the jurisdictions in which the Group operates are higher
   than 15 per cent, after taking into account the adjustments under the Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules (“GloBE Rules”)
   based on management’s best estimate, the management of the Group considered the Group is not liable to top-up tax
   under the Pillar Two Rules.




                                                                                     Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024       65
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     7. Profit for the Period

                                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                    (unaudited)          (unaudited)


            Profit for the period has been arrived at after charging:


            Depreciation of right-of-use assets for buildings and land use rights                        88,819            112,542
            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                               258,614            204,395
            Amortisation of intangible asset                                                             16,875              15,065


                                                                                                        364,308            332,002
            Less: amounts capitalised as cost of inventories manufactured                              (204,302)           (216,997)


                                                                                                        160,006            115,005


            Allowance (reversal) for inventories included in cost of sales                               17,993                 (785)


            Government grants                                                                            57,955              35,096




     8. Dividends

                                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                    (unaudited)          (unaudited)


            Dividends recognised as distribution during the period                                      275,861            439,328


          During the current interim period, a final dividend of HK5 cents per share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 (six
          months ended 30 June 2023: HK8 cents) was declared and paid to owners of the Company. The aggregate amount of
          the final dividend paid in the interim period amounted to HK$303,581,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB276,037,000) (six
          months ended 30 June 2023: HK$485,942,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB439,155,000)).




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
66 Interim Report 2024
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2024




8. Dividends (Continued)

   Subsequent to the end of the current interim period, the directors of the Company have determined that an interim
   dividend of HK5 cents per share amounting to approximately HK$308,888,000 in aggregate (six months ended 30
   June 2023: approximately HK$306,647,000) will be paid to owners of the Company whose names appear in the
   register of members of the Company on 9 September 2024.



9. Earnings Per Share

   The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the following data:


                                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2024          2023
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                          (unaudited)       (unaudited)


     Earnings:
       Earnings for the purpose of basic and diluted earnings per share                          683,198      717,342


                                                                                                    ’000          ’000


     Number of shares:
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
         the purpose of calculating earnings per share                                      6,101,812        6,073,784


     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
       Share options/award shares                                                                 50,173        96,303


                                                                                            6,151,985        6,170,087




10. Property, Plant and Equipment

   During the current interim period, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment of RMB344,958,000 (six months
   ended 30 June 2023: RMB650,323,000). Furthermore, during the current interim period, the Group renewed several
   lease agreements and entered into several new lease agreements with lease terms ranging from 1 to 10 years. On
   lease commencement, the Group recognised right-of-use assets of RMB62,953,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023:
   RMB104,430,000) and lease liabilities of RMB61,943,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB103,611,000).



                                                                                    Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2024   67
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     11. Trade and Bills Receivables

                                                                                             At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                             (unaudited)              (audited)


            Trade receivables from contracts with customers                                    2,048,265          1,891,413
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                    (17,895)              (18,228)


                                                                                               2,030,370          1,873,185
            Bills receivables                                                                     68,613               15,023


                                                                                               2,098,983          1,888,208


          The Group allows a credit period of 0 to 90 days (31 December 2023: 0 to 90 days) to its trade customers.


          The following is an analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the date of
          revenue recognised at the end of each reporting period:


                                                                                             At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                             (unaudited)              (audited)


            Trade receivables
            Within 30 days                                                                      775,183               690,863
            31 to 60 days                                                                       650,725               608,095
            61 to 90 days                                                                       343,428               301,103
            Over 90 days                                                                        261,034               273,124


                                                                                               2,030,370          1,873,185


          The maturity dates of bills receivables are within three months as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023.




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
68 Interim Report 2024
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2024




12. Trade and Bills Payables

                                                                                     At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)           (audited)


     Trade payables                                                                     912,266          1,014,315
     Bills payables                                                                     285,149            255,489


                                                                                      1,197,415          1,269,804


   The Group is normally granted credit terms of 30 to 75 days (31 December 2023: 30 to 75 days).


   The following is an analysis of trade payables by age, presented based on the earlier of the date of goods/services
   received or invoice date at the end of each reporting periods:


                                                                                     At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)           (audited)


     Within 30 days                                                                     673,100            746,870
     31–60 days                                                                         174,236            125,777
     61–90 days                                                                          40,231            123,469
     Over 90 days                                                                        24,699             18,199


                                                                                        912,266          1,014,315


   The maturity dates of bills payables are within six months as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023.




                                                                                Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2024    69
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     13. Share Capital

                                                                                           Number of             Share
                                                                                              shares            Capital
                                                                                                               US$’000


            Ordinary shares
            Ordinary shares of US$0.01 each


            Authorised:
              At 1 January 2023 (audited), 30 June 2023 (unaudited),
                31 December 2023 (audited) and 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                10,000,000,000          100,000


                                                                          Number of
                                                                             shares            Share Capital
                                                                                             US$’000           RMB’000


            Issued and fully paid
            At 1 January 2023 (audited)                                6,078,168,720          60,782           424,043
            Exercise of share options (note 14)                            2,917,000              29               205


            At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                6,081,085,720          60,811           424,248


            Exercise of share options (note 14)                           56,153,000             562             4,024


            At 31 December 2023 (unaudited)                            6,137,238,720          61,373           428,272


            Exercise of share options (note 14)                            1,000,000              10                71


            At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                6,138,238,720          61,383           428,343




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
70 Interim Report 2024
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024




14. Share-Based Payment Transactions

   Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company
   (i)   The Pre-IPO share option scheme
         On 30 September 2019, a share option scheme (the “Pre-IPO share option scheme”) was adopted by the
         shareholders of the Company for the purpose of incentivising and retaining directors, senior management and
         other employees for their contribution to the Group. Under the Pre-IPO share option scheme, the board of
         directors of the Company may grant options to eligible employees, including directors of the Company and its
         subsidiaries, to subscribe for shares in the Company.


         The table below discloses movement of the Pre-IPO share option scheme:


                                                                    2024                              2023
                                                         Exercise           Number of         Exercise        Number of
                                                             price         share option          price       share option
                                                             RMB                                 RMB


           As at 1 January (audited)                             0.38       41,127,000            0.38       102,016,500
           Exercised during the period                           0.38        (1,000,000)          0.38        (2,917,000)
           Forfeited during the period                           0.38         (303,500)           0.38          (310,500)


           As at 30 June (unaudited)                             0.38       39,823,500            0.38        98,789,000


           Exercisable at the end of
             the reporting period                                0.38       12,144,500            0.38        11,697,500




                                                                                     Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024   71
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     14. Share-Based Payment Transactions (Continued)

          Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
          (ii)   The Post-IPO share option scheme
                 On 15 June 2020, a share option scheme (the “Post-IPO share option scheme”) was adopted by the
                 shareholders of the Company for the purpose of incentivising and retaining directors, senior management and
                 other employees for their contribution to the Group. Under the Post-IPO share option scheme, the board of
                 directors of the Company may grant options to eligible employees, including directors of the Company and its
                 subsidiaries, to subscribe for shares in the Company.


                 The table below discloses movement of the Post-IPO share option scheme:


                                                                            2024                            2023
                                                                 Exercise           Number of        Exercise      Number of
                                                                     price      share options           price   share options
                                                                         HK$                             HK$


                   As at 1 January (audited)                   5.99–20.80          129,524,700    11.11–20.80      56,255,000
                   Granted during the period                             6.85         580,000            9.71       3,460,000
                   Forfeited during the period                 5.99–20.80          (13,182,000)    9.71–20.80      (3,856,000)


                   As at 30 June (unaudited)                   5.99–20.80          116,922,700     9.71–20.80      55,859,000


                   Exercisable at the end of
                     the reporting period                      9.71–20.80           20,142,250    11.11–20.80      11,030,600




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
72 Interim Report 2024
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024




14. Share-Based Payment Transactions (Continued)

   Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
   (ii)   The Post-IPO share option scheme (Continued)
          During the current interim period, 580,000 share options were granted on 27 March 2024 under the Post-IPO
          share option scheme. The fair value of the options determined at the date of grant using the Binomial Option
          Pricing model was HK$1,404,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,275,000). The key inputs into the model
          were as follows:


                                                                                                           Share options
                                                                                                              granted on
                                                                                                                27 March
                                                                                                                     2024


            Weighted average share price                                                                         HK$6.60
            Exercise price                                                                                       HK$6.85
            Expected life                                                                                         10 years
            Risk-free rate                                                                                          3.72%
            Expected dividend yield                                                                                 1.52%


          The directors of the Company estimated the risk-free rate based on the yield of the Hong Kong government
          bonds with a maturity life close to the option life of the share option. Expected volatility was estimated at grant
          date based on the average of historical volatilities of the comparable companies with length commensurable to
          the time of maturity of the share options. Expected dividend yield was based on management estimation at the
          grant date.




                                                                                     Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024      73
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     14. Share-Based Payment Transactions (Continued)

          Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
          (iii) Share Award scheme
                On 2 September 2021 (“Adoption date”), the Company’s Restricted Share Award Plan (the “Restricted Share
                Award Scheme”) was adopted with a duration of 10 years commencing from the Adoption date. The purposes
                of the Restricted Share Award Scheme are (i) to recognise and reward the contribution of certain employees,
                directors, advisors and any other group or classes of participants who have contributed or may contribute by
                way of joint venture, business alliance or other business arrangement to the development and growth of the
                Group; and (ii) to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.


                The table below discloses movement of the Share Award scheme:


                                                                                                           2024          2023


                  As at 1 January (audited)                                                           35,462,900    12,862,100
                  Granted during the period                                                             390,000      1,727,000
                  Lapsed during the period                                                            (2,443,825)     (671,075)
                  Vested during the period                                                            (1,868,750)   (1,683,500)


                  As at 30 June (unaudited)                                                           31,540,325    12,234,525


                  Exercisable at the end of the reporting period                                        112,750             —


                The fair value of the share awarded was determined based on the market value of the Company’s shares at the
                grant dates. The vesting period under the Restricted Share Award Scheme ranges from three months to five
                years. During the current interim period, 390,000 awarded shares were granted on 27 March 2024 under the
                Restricted Share Award Scheme. The estimated fair value of the share awarded granted on those dates was
                HK$2,574,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,336,000).




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
74 Interim Report 2024
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2024




14. Share-Based Payment Transactions (Continued)

   Equity-settled share option scheme of TranspireBio Holdings Limited
   ( “TranspireBio”)
   (iv) 2024 equity incentive plan
       On 31 May 2024, a share option scheme (the “2024 equity incentive plan”) was adopted by the board of
       directors of TranspireBio, incorporated in the Cayman Islands, for the purpose of attracting and retaining the
       services of the directors, senior management and other employees for their contribution to the TranspireBio.
       Under the 2024 equity incentive plan, the board of directors of TranspireBio may grant options to eligible
       employees, including directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, to subscribe for shares in TranspireBio.


       During the current interim period, 1,132,582,500 share options were granted on 31 May 2024 under the equity
       incentive plan. The fair value of the options determined at the date of grant using the Binomial Option Pricing
       model was USD3,602,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB22,652,000). The key inputs into the model were as
       follows:


                                                                                                       Share options
                                                                                                          granted on
                                                                                                              31 May
                                                                                                                 2024


         Weighted average share price                                                                     USD0.0041
         Exercise price                                                                                   USD0.0041
         Expected life                                                                                        10 years
         Risk-free rate                                                                                         4.50%
         Expected dividend yield                                                                                0.00%


       The directors of the TranspireBio estimated the risk-free rate based on the yield of the US government bonds
       with a maturity life close to the option life of the share option. Expected volatility was estimated at grant date
       based on the average of historical volatilities of the comparable companies with length commensurable to the
       time of maturity of the share options. Expected dividend yield was based on management estimation at the grant
       date.




                                                                                 Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024      75
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     15. Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments

          Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
          following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial instruments are determined (in particular,
          the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value
          measurements are categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements
          are observable.


          •       Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical
                  assets or liabilities;


          •       Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1
                  that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and


          •       Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or
                  liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                                                       Fair value as at                                                                    Signification
                                                    30 June     31 December     Fair value Valuation techniques                           unobservable
              Financial assets                         2024            2023     hierarchy and key input                                            input
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


              Financial assets at FVTPL
              — forward foreign swap contracts           583              —       Level 2 Discounted cash flow                                      —
                                                                                          — Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                             based on forward exchange rates (from
                                                                                             observable forward exchange rates at
                                                                                             the end of the reporting period) and
                                                                                             contracted forward rates, discounted
                                                                                             at a rate that reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                             various counterparties.
              — short-term deposit                   601,118              —       Level 2 Discounted cash flow                                      —
                  with variable interests                                                 — Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                             based on forward exchange rates (from
                                                                                             observable forward exchange rates at
                                                                                             the end of the reporting period) and
                                                                                             contracted forward rates, discounted
                                                                                             at a rate that reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                             various counterparties.


          There was no transfer between different level of the fair value hierarchy during the current interim period.


          Except the above financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, the directors of the
          Company consider the carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities recorded at amortised costs approximate
          their fair values.

     Smoore International Holdings Limited
76 Interim Report 2024
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2024




16. Related Party Transactions

   (a)   The Group has following transactions and balances with a related party:


                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
           Name of related party           Nature of transactions                              2024              2023
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)         (unaudited)


           EVE Energy Co., Ltd,            Purchase of raw material                        205,442            280,031
             shareholder of the Company


                                                                                         At 30 June    At 31 December
           Name of related party           Nature of balances                                  2024              2023
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)           (audited)


           EVE Energy Co., Ltd             Trade and bills payables                        104,186            230,169
                                           Other payables and accrued expenses                   67                 —


                                                                                           104,253            230,169




                                                                                    Smoore International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2024   77
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     16. Related Party Transactions (Continued)

          (b) Compensation of key management personnel
                The remuneration of key management personnel, including the executive directors and other senior management
                were as follows:


                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                               (unaudited)        (unaudited)


                  Salaries and other benefits                                                        5,534              5,468
                  Retirement benefit schemes contributions                                             170                157
                  Share-based payment expense                                                        7,057            12,082


                                                                                                    12,761            17,707


                The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined with regard to the performance of individuals and
                market trends.



     17. Commitments

                                                                                              At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                              (unaudited)            (audited)


            Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of property,
              plant and equipment contracted for but not provided
              in the condensed consolidated financial statements                                 395,328             494,304




     Smoore International Holdings Limited
78 Interim Report 2024
