                   SMOORE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 思 摩 爾 國 際 控 股 有 限 公 司
（於開曼群島註冊成立的有限公司）                                                                 (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
（股份代號：6969）                                                                      (Stock code: 6969)




                   INTERIM REPORT 中 期 報 告 2025
                                           CONTENTS
                                           Corporate Information     2

                                           Chairman’s Statement      4

                                             Financial Highlights    8

                            Management Discussion and Analysis      10

                                               Other Information    33

Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements     53

             Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss     54
                            and Other Comprehensive Income

          Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position    55

         Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      57

               Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows       58

       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements     60
CORPORATE INFORMATION


Board of Directors                                              Remuneration Committee

Executive Directors                                             Mr. Yim Siu Wing, Simon (Chairman)
                                                                Mr. Chen Zhiping
Mr. Chen Zhiping (Chairman and Chief executive officer)
                                                                Dr. Wang Gao
Mr. Xiong Shaoming
Mr. Wang Guisheng
Ms. Wang Xin
                                                                Environmental, Social and
                                                                Governance Committee
Non-Executive Director
Ms. Jiang Min                                                   Mr. Chen Zhiping (Chairman)
                                                                Mr. Wang Guisheng
Independent Non-Executive Directors                             Mr. Zhong Shan

Mr. Zhong Shan
Mr. Yim Siu Wing, Simon
                                                                Joint Company Secretaries
Dr. Wang Gao

                                                                Mr. Wang Guisheng (CICPA, HKICPA, FCCA)
                                                                Ms. Cheng Choi Ha (ACG, HKACG)
Audit Committee

Mr. Zhong Shan (Chairman)
                                                                Authorized Representatives
Mr. Yim Siu Wing, Simon
Dr. Wang Gao                                                    Mr. Wang Guisheng
                                                                Ms. Cheng Choi Ha

Nomination Committee
                                                                Registered Office
Mr. Chen Zhiping (Chairman)
Mr. Zhong Shan                                                  Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Dr. Wang Gao                                                    Cricket Square
                                                                Hutchins Drive
                                                                P.O. Box 2681
                                                                Grand Cayman KY1-1111
                                                                Cayman Islands




2      Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                    CORPORATE INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



Principal Place of Business in                             Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar
Hong Kong
                                                           Tricor Investor Services Limited
Office B, 28/F, EGL Tower                                  17/F, Far East Finance Centre
No. 83 Hung To Road                                        16 Harcourt Road
Kowloon                                                    Hong Kong
Hong Kong

                                                           Principal Banks
Head Office in the PRC
                                                           Bank of China Limited
No. 16, Dongcai Industrial Zone                            China Construction Bank Corporation
Gushu Community, Xixiang Street                            Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
Bao’an District, Shenzhen, Guangdong                       Agricultural Bank of China Limited
China                                                      China Everbright Bank Company Limited
                                                           China CITIC Bank International Limited
                                                           China Merchants Bank
Legal Advisers                                             CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited
                                                           The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
Reed Smith Richards Butler LLP                             Standard Chartered Bank
DeHeng Law Offices (Shenzhen)                              Citibank, N.A.
Conyers Dill & Pearman


                                                           Stock Short Name
Auditor
                                                           Smoore Intl
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
35/F, One Pacific Place                                    Stock Code
88 Queensway
Hong Kong                                                  6969



The Cayman Islands Principal Share                         Company’s Website
Registrar and Transfer Office
                                                           www.smooreholdings.com
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square
Hutchins Drive                                             Investor Relations Consultants
P.O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman KY1-1111                                      Christensen China Limited
Cayman Islands



                                             Smoore International Holdings Limited         INTERIM REPORT 2025     3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,


On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Smoore International Holdings Limited (“Smoore” or the
“Company”), I am pleased to present the interim report of the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”)
for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (“Review Period”).



Business Review

The year 2025 represents a pivotal milestone for SMOORE, driven by the transformative growth, i.e. its second horizon
— the heat-not-burn (“HNB”) business. During the Review Period, the Group played a critical role in supporting a key
customer’s successful launch of its premium HNB product series in a major market, signifying the beginning of a new
chapter in SMOORE’s development and diversification.


The Group delivered a solid performance in revenue in the first half of 2025, reflecting the recovery of its electronic vaping
business. This robust performance is attributed to SMOORE’s cutting-edge research and development capabilities, a
diversified global client base, enhanced management efficiency, and strong compliance capabilities.


During the Review Period, the Group expanded its sales channel coverage in overseas markets, resulting in a year-over-
year increase in selling and distribution expenses. In addition, the Group granted share options and share awards under the
share option scheme and share award scheme to enhance employee motivation in the fourth quarter of 2024, resulting in a
substantial growth in non-cash share-based expenses compared to the previous year. These two factors primarily impacted
net profits for the Review Period. However, both initiatives are viewed as important investments to drive the Group’s long-
term sustainable growth and reinforce its competitiveness in global markets.


Beyond electronic vaping and HNB business, the Group has continued to invest in new business such as inhalation therapy
and beauty atomization, collectively defined as “Emerging Business.” During the Review Period, these initiatives progressed
as planned and achieved key milestones, underpinned for future growth.


One of the most significant achievements in the first half of 2025 was the successful support of a strategic customer in
launching its premium HNB product series in the key market. In early June of 2025, the premium HNB product series co-
developed by SMOORE and its strategic customer, was officially rolled out in Sendai, Japan. The pilot rollout in Sendai has
shown encouraging results, achieving strong early performance, including market share growth and favorable consumer
feedback. End-users have expressed high satisfaction with the product’s tobacco like flavor and rapid preheating
capabilities. To maintain its leadership in HNB technologies and intellectual property, the Group has continued to invest in
R&D in HNB. As of the end of Review Period, SMOORE has developed multiple HNB technology platforms designed to
address various product pain points and meet the specific requirements of its customers.




4      Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                           CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)



The Group’s electronic vaping business has experienced a robust recovery during the Review Period, with revenue growth
in both Corporate Client Oriented Business (“ToB Business”) and Self-branded Business. This recovery was driven by two
key factors: Globally, intensified regulatory enforcement against non-compliant products has created significant growth
opportunities for compliant companies. In the United States, legal enforcement actions against non-compliant products
continued to intensify, while bans on disposable electronic vaping products are implemented in several major European
markets. These developments have created a more compliant market environment, offering substantial opportunities for
companies like SMOORE, which possess strong compliance capabilities and the agility of market movement; Internally,
the Group has closely monitored regulatory frameworks and market trends, successfully developing innovative products
that align with compliance requirements while meeting market needs. Leveraging our strengths in innovation, compliance,
and product offerings, the Group has strengthened its collaboration with top notch clients who possess extensive channel
coverage, strong marketing capabilities, and high product on-shelf availability. During the Review Period, the Group has
launched a series of innovative product solutions, which received positive feedback from both consumers and corporate
customers. In the Self-branded Business, the Group continued to expand its sales channel coverage in key markets. The
Group’s self-owned brand, VAPORESSO, further strengthened its leadership in major markets, driven by leading brand
positioning, accurate user insights, localized operations, and close partnerships with key distributors.


The Group’s business for special purpose atomization products has been undergoing restructuring over the past two years.
During the Review Period, the Group continued to optimize its business operation models and improve operational efficiency.
Concurrently, efforts have been made to refine the organizational structure to better align with market needs and enhance
market insights. These initiatives have begun to yield positive results, with the segment achieving a year-over-year revenue
increase in the first half of 2025.


The Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary, i.e. Transpire Bio Inc. (“Transpire”) for inhalation therapy in the U.S. continues
to advance development of its drug-device combination products for respiratory diseases such as asthma and chronic
obstructive pulmonary disease (“COPD”) and pulmonary fibrosis. All development projects are progressing as planned,
achieving certain milestones as scheduled. In addition, Transpire leverages its advanced R&D capabilities to provide research
and development services to external pharmaceutical companies.


The beauty atomization business represents the Group’s strategic exploration into diversifying application scenarios. The
ToC home-use beauty device under the brand (嵐 至) has garnered a user base exceeding ten thousands. Additionally, the
brand’s professional beauty device successfully obtained Class II Medical Device Certification in China. Following its launch,
the device has received recognition and recommendations from dermatologists.


A great company is built on a vast market, a strong client base, leading products, advanced technologies, as well as efficient
management. During the Review Period, the Group has implemented a series of strategic initiatives and key projects to
enhance its management efficiency. These efforts have included strengthening talent management, decentralizing decision-
making to empower each business, and refining its performance management system. By focusing on these areas, the
Group aims to elevate its overall operational efficiency and management capabilities, creating a robust foundation to support
sustainable growth in the long run.




                                              Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025        5
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)



Outlook

As the saying goes, “The future depends on what you do today.”


For the Group, 2025 is a pivotal year of transition. In the second half of 2025, the Group remains dedicated to strengthening
its R&D capabilities, enhancing organizational agility, and improving management efficiency. These initiatives aim to drive
innovation, operational excellence, and ultimately deliver greater value to our shareholders.


HNB products offer an alternative to combustible products by delivering nicotine without burning. Despite their advantages,
market penetration for HNB products remains relatively low, primarily due to unresolved user pain points. To address this,
the Group is committed to collaborating with business partners to enhance user experiences and drive product penetration
increase. In the second half of 2025, the Group will assist its strategic customer in the nationwide launch of HNB product
series in Japan this September, as well as in expanding to additional key markets. These efforts aim to support the customer
in capturing greater market share and strengthening its competitive position globally. Additionally, the Group will continue
to invest in R&D to maintain its technological leadership and work closely with customers to commercialize differentiated
technology platforms which effectively address various user pain points.


The ongoing regulatory enforcement against non-compliant electronic vaping products has created significant opportunities
for compliant products to increase market share. This market reshuffle presents a great opportunity for industry players
to elevate their sales performance. In a dynamic market where product design and structure are increasingly shaped by
regulatory frameworks, the Group recognizes that success lies in anticipating changes and adapting ahead of competitors.
To achieve this, the Group is committed to developing strong foresight and agility, delivering innovative product solutions
that align with compliance requirements while meeting consumer preferences. In the second half of 2025, the Group will
continue to uphold its principles of compliance, innovation, and responsiveness, delivering cutting-edge product solutions
tailored to the needs of diverse customers. For its self-branded business, the Group plans to launch compliant new products
that address consumer demand after the ban of non-compliant products. Concurrently, the Group will further strengthen its
industry-leading brand, VAPORESSO, by enhancing localized operations, expanding sales channel coverage, and improving
product on-shelf availability.


The market for special purpose atomization products presents significant growth potential. In the second half of 2025, the
Group will continue to focus on strengthening localized operations and optimizing its business model to better align with
market dynamics and consumer needs. To further diversify its product portfolio and enhance competitiveness, the Group
plans to introduce a range of innovative products tailored to meet evolving market demands. These initiatives aim to solidify
the Group’s foundation for capturing additional market share and driving recovery in this segment.


Regarding inhalation therapy, Transpire is committed to providing high-quality inhaled drug-device combination products
to patients around the world to address areas of significant unmet medical need. In the second half of 2025, the Group
will further increase investment in its independent development programs and the partnered program. At the same time,
in terms of industrial cooperation, the Group continues the evaluation of additional partnered co-development programs
and assessment of licensing opportunities to derive revenue from the independent development products to bring greater
revenue contribution to the Group.




6      Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                            CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)



In the second half of 2025, the Group will strengthen its promotion of the MOYAL brand within professional institutions. By
closely monitoring customer feedback and sales performance, the Group remains committed to optimizing its strategy and
making necessary adjustments to ensure sustained growth.



Sincere Appreciation

Great things in business are never done by one person. They’re done by a team of people.


On behalf of the Group, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our team members for their dedication and hard
work in navigating the headwinds to deliver a solid result for the first half of 2025. I would also like to express our sincere
appreciation to our customers for their continued trust and partnership. Additionally, we are grateful to regulators for their
efforts in fostering a more sustainable and compliant industry environment, enabling long-term growth opportunities. Last
but not the least, I would like to thank our shareholders for their steadfast support and confidence in the Group’s vision and
strategy. Your trust inspires us to continue striving for excellence and delivering value.


Looking ahead, we remain committed to collaborating with all stakeholders to drive industry development and deliver greater
value to our shareholders and society at large.


                                                                                                   Chen Zhiping
                                                                                               Chairman of the Board
                                                                                       Smoore International Holdings Limited




                                               Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025         7
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2025                     2024          Changes
                                                                                                 RMB’000                   RMB’000                     %
                                                                                               Unaudited                   Unaudited


     Revenue*                                                                                   6,013,290                  5,083,554                18.3
     Gross profit                                                                               2,243,850                  1,923,951                16.6
     Gross profit margin                                                                             37.3%                    37.8%               (0.5pp)
     Profit before tax                                                                             698,735                  811,555                (13.9)
     Profit for the period                                                                         492,154                  683,198                (28.0)
     Total comprehensive income for the period                                                     501,166                  724,597                (30.8)
     Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to
       shareholders of the Company                                                                 501,166                  724,597                (30.8)
     Adjusted profit for the period**                                                              737,410                  752,851                  (2.1)
     Adjusted net profit margin                                                                      12.3%                    14.8%               (2.5pp)


*       In view of the significant increase in technical service revenue obtained by the Group from the provision of research and development design services
        to customers, the relevant revenue has been included in the revenue starting from the 2024 Annual Report. The comparable financial data for the six
        months ended 30 June 2024 have been reclassified for presentation to ensure the comparability of financial data.


**      The adjustments adopted for deriving the adjusted profit for the period:


                                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2025                     2024            Changes
                                                                                                    RMB’000                  RMB’000                    %
                                                                                                  Unaudited                  Unaudited



           Profit for the period before adjustment                                                   492,154                  683,198                (28.0)
           Add:
             Share-based payment expenses related to
                  share option scheme and share award scheme                                         245,256                   69,653               252.1


           Adjusted profit for the period                                                            737,410                  752,851                 (2.1)




8         Smoore International Holdings Limited                           INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                              FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (CONTINUED)



To supplement the Group’s financial results prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, the
Group presents Adjusted Profit for the Period as an additional financial measure and perspective. Management believes that,
as share-based payment expenses are non-cash in nature, excluding these non-cash expenses from profit for the period
can provide both the investors and management with a clearer view of the Group’s underlying operating performance.


                                                                                                    30 June           31 December
                                                                                                        2025                  2024         Changes
                                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000                %
                                                                                                  Unaudited               Audited


     Total assets                                                                                 27,331,803           27,654,378              (1.2)
     Total equity                                                                                 22,445,554           21,904,711              2.5
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     5,211,753            5,170,700              0.8
     Asset-liability ratio (%)                                                                           17.9                 20.8          (2.9pp)
     Current ratio (%)                                                                                  336.7                320.3          16.4pp
     Trade and bills receivables turnover days (days)                                                    61.4                 61.5             (0.2)
     Inventory turnover days (days)                                                                      45.7                 41.8             9.3
     Trade and bills payables turnover days (days)                                                       62.4                 65.2             (4.3)


Notes:


1.       Cash and cash equivalents = demand deposits + time deposits with maturity of less than three months as at the end of the period


2.       Asset-liability ratio = total liabilities/total assets


3.       Current ratio = current assets/current liabilities


4.       Trade and bills receivables turnover days = average balance of trade and bills receivables/revenue × 180


5.       Inventory turnover days = average balance of inventory/cost of revenue × 180


6.       Trade and bills payables turnover days = average balance of trade and bills payables/cost of revenue × 180


7.       Average balance = (beginning balance for the period + ending balance for the period)/2




                                                                  Smoore International Holdings Limited                  INTERIM REPORT 2025           9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Principal Business of the Group

The Group is a global leader in offering atomization technology solutions. During the Review Period, through our innovative
and pioneering atomization technology solutions, we mainly operated two business segments: (1) Corporate Client
Oriented Business focuses on the research, design, and manufacturing of vaping products, heat-not-burn (“HNB”)
products, special purpose atomization products and inhalation therapy products for leading global tobacco companies,
independent vaping brands, and other corporate clients. It also provides technological services related to these products;
(2) Self-Branded Business focuses on the research, design, manufacturing, and sales of self-branded electronic vaping
products and beauty atomization products.


In the first half of 2025, the Group’s revenue was primarily driven by its electronic vaping business. During the Review
Period, global regulatory authorities strengthened enforcement against non-compliant products. In the U.S., legal actions
targeting non-compliant products intensified, while several major European markets implemented bans on disposable vaping
products. These developments have created a more compliant market environment, offering substantial opportunities for
companies like Smoore, which possess strong compliance capabilities and the agility of market movement.


In the first half of 2025, the Group achieved revenue of approximately RMB6,013 million, marking an approximately 18.3%
increase compared to the same period last year. The sales performance was mainly driven by the recovery of the Group’s
vaping business, supported by more effective legal enforcement against non-compliant products in major global markets and
the Group’s agility in launching innovative new products to meet market demand. On one hand, the Group capitalized on
this opportunity by assisting electronic vaping customers in swiftly launching innovative, compliant products to fill the market
gap left by the ban on non-compliant products. The Group’s ToB Business recorded revenue of approximately RMB4,739
million, representing an approximately 19.5% increase year-on-year. On the other hand, the self-branded electronic vaping
business expanded channel coverage and enhanced localized operations, resulting in continued market share growth in key
regions. Consequently, the self-branded business recorded revenue of approximately RMB1,274 million, an approximately
14.1% year-on-year increase, primarily fueled by the strong performance of the industry-leading brand, VAPORESSO.




10     Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



The Group places significant emphasis on engaging closely with end-users to better understand their preferences and
improve its product on-shelf availability, ultimately driving sales. During the Review Period, the Group continued investing
in localized operations and expansion on retail channel coverage across key global markets. At the same time, the Group
has strengthened collaboration with certain customers by leveraging its market insights and channel coverage capabilities.
In addition to product development and manufacturing, the Group has offered them with marketing, branding, and channel
operation services, with this business model demonstrating early signs of positive outcomes. During the Review Period,
selling and distribution expenses reached approximately RMB491 million, reflecting a year-on-year increase of approximately
31.2%.


One of the key competitive advantages of the Group is its consistent investment in research and development (“R&D”) to
sustain technological leadership. During the Review Period, the Group focused its R&D efforts on strategic areas, enhancing
efficiency and optimizing resource allocation. As part of this strategy, the Group prioritized key R&D projects while reducing
investment in electronic vaping products. Consequently, R&D expenses were approximately RMB723 million, reflecting an
approximately 4.9% decrease compared to the same period last year.


The Group views 2025 as a pivotal year in its transition, driven by advancements in the HNB business. This transition relies
on the commitment and collective efforts of all employees. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Group granted share options
and share awards under the share option scheme and share award scheme, resulting in higher non-cash share-based
payment expenses during the Review Period. The Group views this as a strategic investment aimed at enhancing employee
incentives and driving the long-term success of the organization. Administrative expenses rose to approximately RMB610
million, reflecting a substantial year-on-year increase of approximately 79.7%.


The Group’s profit for the Review Period was approximately RMB492 million, reflecting a year-on-year decrease of
approximately 28.0%. If the non-cash share-based payment expenses are added back, the adjusted profit for the period
was approximately RMB737 million, reflecting an approximately 2.1% decrease compared to the same period last year.




                                              Smoore International Holdings Limited            INTERIM REPORT 2025        11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



Business Review

Summary of Material Laws, Regulations, Executive Orders and Policies Updates
The following table supplements the related disclosures in the prospectus of the Company dated 29 June 2020, past interim
and annual reports and illustrates major updates of material laws, regulations, executive orders and policies in relation to e-cigarette
and the tobacco products of the electronic vaping device industry promulgated or proposed by relevant authorities in our
major markets (“Material Laws, Regulations, Executive Orders and Policies Updates”):


  Principal Sale     Material Laws, Regulations,
  Jurisdictions      Executive Orders and Policies Updates                  Relevant Products, Potential Impact and Compliance Status


  U.S.(1)            Premarket tobacco application (“PMTA”) filing As of 30 June 2025, the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”)
                     requirements for electronic nicotine delivery system has taken action on more than 99% of PMTAs submitted as of
                     (“ENDS”) products, including devices, assemblies the deadline, being 9 September 2020. Among them, marketing
                     and/or components that deliver vaporized e-liquids denial orders (“MDO”) have been issued for more than 1 million
                     when inhaled.                                          non-tobaccos and non-menthol-flavored and some menthol-
                                                                            flavored ENDS products. Many manufacturers have challenged
                                                                            these MDOs in court, and as of 30 June 2025, three federal
                                                                            appellate courts had cancelled certain MDOs for tobacco, non-
                                                                            tobacco and non-menthol-flavored ENDS products, while other
                                                                            appeals continue on the merits. In April 2025 the United States
                                                                            Supreme Court vacated one such decision cancelling MDOs for
                                                                            non-tobacco and non-menthol-flavored ENDS and remanded the
                                                                            case back to the lower court for further proceedings.


                                                                            As of the date of this report, the FDA had issued marketing
                                                                            authorization for 25 closed system tobacco-flavored ENDS
                                                                            products and 4 closed system menthol-flavored ENDS products
                                                                            produced by the Group for its clients.


  United Kingdom     The Environmental Protection (Single-use Vapes) As of 1 June 2025, single-use (disposable) vapes are banned
                     (England) Regulations 2024 came into force on 1 June from sale. This ban extends to all retailers, including online and
                     2025. The Tobacco and Vapes Bill is still making its high street shops, and applies to all vapes, regardless of nicotine
                     way through Parliament. The Bill has passed all the content. The Group has developed new products in compliance
                     stages in the House of Commons in the UK. There are with the latest legal regulations.
                     follow up stages in the Lords (committee stage and
                     third reading).




12          Smoore International Holdings Limited               INTERIM REPORT 2025
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



Principal Sale   Material Laws, Regulations,
Jurisdictions    Executive Orders and Policies Updates                       Relevant Products, Potential Impact and Compliance Status


E.U.             About Flavor Restrictions
                 Countries with Flavor Restrictions: As of July 2025, In countries with the ban, only tobacco or menthol-flavored
                 nine countries — Finland, Estonia, Hungary, the products can be sold, and compliant tobacco-flavored products
                 Netherlands, Lithuania, Latvia, Denmark, Slovenia, need to be developed. The Group has developed products in
                 and Ukraine — have established their own flavor compliance with the latest regulations in the respective countries.
                 restrictions, most of which allow only tobacco flavors
                 or tobacco and menthol flavors. Countries Considering
                 Flavor Restrictions: Spain, Germany, Czech Republic,
                 Ireland, France, Belgium and Croatia are discussing or
                 planning to implement flavor restrictions in response to
                 youth e-cigarette smoking or public health concerns.

                 About the Ban on Disposable e-Cigarettes and
                 other Tobacco products
                 Belgium: A ban on the sale of disposable e-cigarettes The Group has developed new products in compliance
                 came into force on 1 January 2025, due to the with the latest regulations in the respective countries where
                 risk of nicotine addiction among young people and disposable vaping products are banned.
                 the environmental concerns of plastic waste and
                 hazardous chemicals.

                 France: On 13 February 2025, the French Senate
                 passed a bill banning the sale of disposable e-cigarette
                 devices in France, making France the second
                 EU country after Belgium to implement a ban on
                 disposable e-cigarettes.

                 Italy: A ban on online sales of nicotine-containing
                 e-cigarettes as of January 2025, limiting distribution to
                 licensed physical outlets.

                 Poland: A ban on the sale of all e-cigarettes to anyone
                 under 18 in May 2025.

                 About the Battery Regulation
                 In February 2025, a corrigendum to Regulation (EU) All relevant batteries, including those used in their electronic
                 2023/1542 was published to specify the conformity cigarette products, shall comply with the new battery
                 assessment procedures for batteries. In March 2025, requirements. The Group has developed new solutions in
                 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2025/606 compliance with the relevant amended regulations.
                 of 21 March 2025 was adopted, establishing the
                 methodology for the calculation and verification of
                 recycling efficiency and material recovery rates from
                 waste batteries, as well as the format for required
                 documentation.




                                                 Smoore International Holdings Limited                   INTERIM REPORT 2025         13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



      Principal Sale       Material Laws, Regulations,
      Jurisdictions        Executive Orders and Policies Updates                         Relevant Products, Potential Impact and Compliance Status

      Hong Kong,           As advised by external legal counsels, no new material With effect from 30 April 2022, the import, promotion,
      China                laws, regulations, executive orders or rules in relation manufacture, sale and possession of alternative smoking products
                           to e-cigarettes and the vaping device industry were for commercial purposes have been prohibited. However, the
                           issued in Hong Kong, China for the six months ended proposed further restriction in the Bill will not affect the regulatory
                           30 June 2025.                                                 framework administered by the Customs and Excise Department
                                                                                         (C&ED) which allows the trans-shipment of alternative smoking
                           In April 2025, the Hong Kong Government submitted products by air, sea and land.
                           the Tobacco Control Legislation (Amendment) Bill
                           2025 (Bill) to the Legislative Council which proposed,
                           among others, to ban possession of Alternative
                           Smoking Products (ASPs) in public places with effect
                           from 30 April 2026. As of 30 June 2025, the Bill was
                           still being deliberated by and had not been passed
                           into laws by the Legislative Council.


      Japan                As advised by external legal counsels, no new material
                           laws, regulations, executive orders or rules in relation
                           to e-cigarettes and the vaping device industry were
                           issued in Japan for the six months ended 30 June
                           2025.


      Mainland of          In May 2025, the State Tobacco Monopoly The Group has set up a dedicated team to coordinate all related
      China                Administration successively issued regulatory rules compliance matters and the Group’s production and operating
                           for the Administration of Tobacco Monopoly Licenses activities strictly comply with the relevant amended regulations.
                           for Electronic Cigarette-Related Manufacturers and
                           Wholesalers regulating and optimizing the Licenses of
                           e-cigarette production and distribution.

Note:


(1)       In the U.S. market, only federal level laws, regulations, executive orders, and policies were summarized.


The legal department of the Group will continue to cooperate with external professionals to closely monitor global regulatory
developments and changes related to its business activities, and adjust its business activities such as R&D and production
in a timely manner to ensure that our business activities comply with regulations and adapt to the regulatory environment
changes. At the same time, the Group will continue to diversify its revenue in different countries and regions, expand its
product portfolio, promote the application of atomization technology in industries such as medical and health, and develop a
brand-new atomization technology industry.




14            Smoore International Holdings Limited                         INTERIM REPORT 2025
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



Sales and Marketing
In the first half of 2025, the global regulatory landscape for electronic vaping products became more defined, with stricter
enforcement measures. These developments have created growth opportunities for compliant players like the Group.


In the U.S. market, enforcement efforts against non-compliant products have intensified at both the federal and state levels.
The U.S. FDA leads the federal campaign to restrict non-compliant electronic vaping products through a combination of
warning letters, civil penalties, import alerts, and criminal prosecution. Notably, according to the public information of FDA,
the FDA seized nearly two million units of unauthorized vaping products with an estimated retail value of approximately $33.8
million in May 2025. At the same time, a growing number of U.S. states are taking legal actions against the surge of non-
compliant flavored vaping products. As of the Review Period, 13 states have passed an electronic vaping registry bill (i.e. a
mandatory list of electronic vaping products authorized for sale in the state) in place and more than 20 states are considering
to implement an electronic vaping registry bill. Some states are also making efforts not limited to litigation, but also include
warning letters, civil investigative demands, and settlements aimed at curbing unlawful sales practices.


Europe is experiencing a major shift in how disposable vaping products are regulated, with multiple countries taking steps to
restrict or ban them in the Review Period. As of 1 June 2025, the UK, a key market in Europe, imposed a ban on the sale of
disposable vaping products. This ban extends to all electronic vaping products regardless of nicotine content. Following the
implementation of the ban in the UK, substantial market opportunities have emerged for compliant products.


During the Review Period, the Group achieved a revenue of approximately RMB6,013 million, reflecting a year-on-year
growth of approximately 18.3%. Of this, the self-branded business contributed approximately RMB1,274 million, representing
an approximately 14.1% year-on-year increase during the Review Period. This segment accounted for approximately 21.2%
of the Group’s total revenue during the Review Period (1H 2024: 22.0%). Meanwhile, the corporate client oriented business
generated revenue of approximately RMB4,739 million, marking a year-on-year growth of approximately 19.5%. This
segment accounted for approximately 78.8% of the total revenue during the Review Period (1H 2024: 78.0%).

The Group’s self-branded business mainly included the sale of electronic vaping products and atomization beauty products.
The self-branded electronic vaping products maintained its growth momentum during the Review Period. Revenue from the
European and other markets reached approximately RMB1,069 million, representing a 15.1% year-on-year increase, driven
by the outstanding performance of the Group’s industry-leading brand, VAPORESSO. In response to strong market demand
following the ban on disposable electronic vaping products in major European countries, the Group’s self-branded electronic
vaping business launched the XROS 5 and XROS 5 Mini, upgraded versions of VAPORESSO’s bestselling XROS series.
These new products deliver enhanced performance, offering more consistent and stable aroma reproduction, refined flavors,
and a smoother vaping experience. Since their launch, the XROS 5 and XROS 5 Mini have become market successes,
driving increased market share for VAPORESSO in key markets. During the Review Period, the Group continued to enhance
its marketing digitalization, sales localization, and terminal store monitoring through its self-developed data system, enabling
swift responses to market changes. This strategy has reinforced its position as the leading brand in major global markets. In
the U.S. market, the Group’s self-branded electronic vaping business reported revenue of approximately RMB174 million for
the Review Period, representing a year-on-year decline of approximately 6.7%.




                                              Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025         15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



During the Review Period, the Group’s self-branded atomization beauty products under “MOYAL” brand were sold in
mainland China, generating revenue of approximately RMB31 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately
2,595.2%. The product portfolio includes the MOYAL home-use beauty device targeting retail customers and the MOYAL
professional device designed for beauty institutions. The user base for the MOYAL home-use beauty device targeting
retail customers has exceeded ten thousand. In parallel, the MOYAL professional device obtained Class II Medical Device
Certification. Following its launch, it has been adopted by several nationwide beauty clinics and public hospitals, with over
100 private institutions already procuring the device. It is worth noting that the beauty atomization business segment remains
in its verification phase, and the Group will continue to evaluate and optimize its operations as the segment progresses.

During the Review Period, the Group’s ToB business recorded revenue of approximately RMB4,739 million, reflecting a year-
on-year growth of approximately 19.5%. The performance was primarily driven by the recovery of electronic vaping business
segment. The ToB business exhibited varied performance across global regions during the Review Period.

In European and other countries, the Group’s ToB business primarily focused on the sale of electronic vaping products.
As mentioned above, the ban on disposable electronic vaping products in major European markets presented significant
opportunities for compliant market participants. Leveraging its foresight into regulatory changes, responsiveness to market
dynamics, and agility in organization structure, the Group successfully supported key customers in launching a series of
innovative and compliant products which cater to customers’ various requirements. In the first half of 2025, the Group’s
leading technology brand, FEELM, introduced multiple innovative and compliant product solutions aimed at delivering
consumers unique and diverse flavor experiences. These product solutions also supported customers in expanding into new
categories and capturing new markets. The solutions have garnered positive customer feedback, leading to strong order
growth. As a result, revenue from the ToB business in European and other countries surged to approximately RMB2,734
million, representing a robust year-on-year growth of approximately 38.0%.


In the U.S. market, the ToB business included electronic vaping products and special purpose atomization products. As
demonstrated earlier, enforcement efforts against non-compliant products have intensified, targeting multiple entities through
various legal measures by the regulators. Despite these efforts, the U.S. vaping market continues to be dominated by non-
compliant products, which has impacted the sales performance of the Group’s customers. During the Review Period, the
Group’s business for special purpose atomization products were still in recovery. To strengthen its position, the Group has
been enhancing localized operations by establishing an R&D center and local sales teams in the U.S. to better connect with
end-users. Additionally, the Group is optimizing its business model, and these initiatives have begun to yield results, with the
segment showing year-on-year revenue growth. Including trans-shipped products through Hong Kong, the Group recorded
revenue of approximately RMB1,888 million in the U.S. market, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 1.5%.


In the Mainland China market, the Group’s ToB business primarily focuses on the sale of electronic vaping products. During
the Review Period, the segment generated approximately RMB117 million in revenue, reflecting a year-on-year decline of
approximately 6.1%.




16     Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



Research and Development
Science and technology are the primary productive forces for the development of enterprises. As a high-tech manufacturing
enterprise, the Group regards innovative, market-driven products as its lifeblood and technological investment as the
cornerstone of product innovation. R&D is viewed as a strategic necessary condition for ensuring the Group’s long-term
growth and competitiveness. During the Review Period, the Group focused on enhancing R&D efficiency and prioritizing
investments in HNB products and inhalation therapy. As part of this strategy, the Group optimized its resource allocation
to strategic areas and reduced R&D spending on electronic vaping products. With certain R&D projects approaching
commercialization, the Group has capitalized R&D expenditures that meet the criteria. As a result, the R&D expenses for the
Review Period amounted to approximately RMB723 million, representing a decline of approximately 4.9% on a year-on-year
basis.


In the first half of 2025, the Group achieved multiple R&D breakthroughs, and has further strengthened its innovation
capabilities. Multiple R&D projects were successfully commercialized into products, which have already been adopted by key
customers, showcasing the Group’s ability to translate research outcome into market-oriented solutions.


One of the most notable milestones in the first half of 2025 was the Group’s successful support of a strategic customer
in launching its premium HNB product series, in key markets. The Group collaborated with the customer to develop the
product, demonstrating superior performance in tobacco-like flavor and reduced preheating time. Following its initial launch
in Serbia in the fourth quarter of 2024, the HNB product series was rolled out in Sendai, Japan, in June 2025, with early
consumer feedback indicating positive results. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to support its strategic customer in
launching the HNB product series nationwide in Japan in September 2025, followed by expansion into more key markets
during the second half of 2025. Concurrently, the Group has developed multiple technology platforms aimed at addressing
various user pain points. Efforts to accelerate commercialization in collaboration with business partners are underway,
ensuring improved product solutions for users. The Group remains committed to ongoing R&D initiatives in HNB products to
enhance user experience, optimize cigarette-like flavor, and drive user base growth.


The Group’s inhalation therapy subsidiary Transpire has established an inhalation centre of excellence near Miami, Florida,
which has full capabilities of product development. In addition, Transpire has actively collaborated with world-leading
contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs) to establish manufacturing capabilities for drug-device
combination products in the U.S. Additionally, Transpire has maintained regular communication with European and American
drug regulatory agencies to gather valuable feedback.




                                             Smoore International Holdings Limited           INTERIM REPORT 2025        17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



The electronic vaping industry has faced increasing competition in recent years. However, with intensified legal actions
targeting such products, this business is now being reshaped by evolving regulatory frameworks. To thrive in this
environment, manufacturers must address both user preferences and regulatory requirements — the core of the Group’s
R&D focus for its electronic vaping business. During the Review Period, the Group achieved significant progress by launching
multiple innovative product solutions across key regions. The flagship technology brand in this segment, FEELM, unveiled an
multi-category solution portfolio powered by cutting-edge innovations. These solutions cover diverse product types, including
flavor-adjustable systems, large-puff transparent tanks, and the 2+10 platform. The Group’s proactive response to shifting
market demands and regulatory changes has translated into strong order volumes from customers. The Group’s self-
owned electronic vaping brand, VAPORESSO, introduced the XROS 5 and XROS 5 MINI. Both products feature industry-
leading fast charging, enhanced battery capacity, and an upgraded user interface, delivering a more consistent, stable
vaping experience with richer aroma reproduction, delicate flavors, and smoother performance. Following their launch, these
products have gained market successes, further solidifying the Group’s leading position across key regions.


The business segment of special purpose atomization products is beginning to show early signs of recovery. During the
Review Period, the Group launched several innovative product solutions that have garnered positive recognition from the
industry. These developments underscore the Group’s dedication to advancing progress and providing high-quality solutions
in this specialized market.


The Group’s proprietary brand MOYAL has achieved some progress. The professional device designed for beauty
institutions has obtained the Class II Medical Device Certification and has received high praise from dermatology experts
for its performance in sensitive skin treatment. MOYAL has further established its academic leadership by publishing three
academic papers with the International Federation of Societies of Cosmetic Chemists (IFSCC).


While maintaining its technological leadership, the Group continues to build up a global intellectual property protection
system to continuously strengthen its intellectual property barriers against core technologies and to protect its own product
brands and technology brands. During the Review Period, the Group filed 839 new patent applications worldwide, including
464 patents for invention. As of 30 June 2025, the Group had filed, accumulatively, a total of 10,092 patents worldwide,
including 5,224 patents for invention.




18     Smoore International Holdings Limited            INTERIM REPORT 2025
                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



During the Review Period, the Group’s total research and development expenditure amounted to approximately RMB723
million, representing a decrease of approximately 4.9% as compared to the same period last year and a decrease as a
percentage of revenue from approximately 15.0% in the same period last year to approximately 12.0% in the Review Period.
The research and development expenditures by different business were as below:


                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                         2025                              2024                     Changes
                                                 RMB’000                   %      RMB’000                  %               %


  Research and development of
    electronic nicotine delivery system
    (including electronic vaping products
    and heat-not-burn products)                   478,591                66.2      481,988              63.4             (0.7)
  Research and development of
     inhalation therapy and beauty
    atomization products                          179,241                24.8      185,471              24.4             (3.4)
  Research and development of
    special purpose atomization
    products and solutions                          64,732                9.0        92,653             12.2            (30.1)


  Total                                           722,564               100.0      760,112             100.0             (4.9)


Production and Operation
Amid evolving global regulatory changes, the Group’s production system has demonstrated exceptional agility through
flexible operational adjustments. This adaptability ensures rapid market responsiveness and reliable fulfillment of customer
delivery commitments. Strategic optimization of production layouts and implementation of cross-factory capacity coordination
have driven continuous improvement in overall capacity utilization rates. These initiatives have effectively supported business
growth.


To enhance operational management, the Group has defined key performance indicators system (KPIs) aligned with
corporate strategy and established a regular tracking and benchmarking mechanism. This framework has successfully
identified best practices across quality control, cost management, and delivery assurance. By facilitating cross-factory
knowledge sharing and experience consolidation, the Group has systematically building a Group-wide operational knowledge
repository to drive continuous improvement in operational efficiency.


The Group’s HNB business achieved breakthroughs during the Review Period and the operations team has effectively
supported the launch and delivery of HNB products for key customers. The Group has set up a strict product quality control
system while significantly enhancing production efficiency. This lays a solid foundation for the future growth and profitability
improvement for the HNB business.




                                              Smoore International Holdings Limited               INTERIM REPORT 2025       19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



Future Prospects and Strategies

In the second half of 2025, the Group will remain committed to prioritizing “Atomization Technology” as its core focus and
continue to deepen its efforts across key areas including electronic vaping, HNB, special purpose atomization products,
inhalation therapy, and beauty atomization products. By doing so, the Group aims to deliver comprehensive and innovative
atomization technology solutions to its customers and users. The Group believes that each segment has large market
potential.


HNB products provide users with cigarette-like experiences by heating tobacco instead of burning it. This segment marks a
significant step in the Group’s efforts to expand its portfolio of risk-reduction products. According to the March 2025 report
by Frost & Sullivan (“Sullivan Report”), a leading industry consultancy, it shows the global market size for HNB products will
reach approximately US$66.86 billion in 2029 based on retail price, with a projected compound growth rate of approximately
10.1% from 2024 to 2029. The Group plans to support its strategic customer in launching the premium HNB product series
nationwide in Japan in September 2025 and expanding into more key markets in the second half of 2025. It will work closely
with its customer to monitor user feedback and refine its approach accordingly. Simultaneously, the Group will continue
advancing the commercialization of its diverse technology solutions with customers. The number of HNB users and product
penetration remain limited due to mainstream products in the market yet to fully address key user pain points, such as
cigarette-like flavor and preheating time, the Group remains committed to R&D in HNB products. Its goal is to collaborate
with market participants to enhance user experiences and drive product adoption.


The electronic vaping market remains expansive, offering significant opportunities for further growth and penetration. Sullivan
Report shows that the global market for electronic vaping products will reach approximately USD91.42 billion in 2029 based
on retail prices, with a projected compound growth rate of approximately 7.4% between 2024 and 2029. Major countries
worldwide have gradually intensified their regulatory efforts against non-compliant electronic vaping products. Regulatory
frameworks are increasingly shaping product design, demanding greater foresight and agility from market participants.
Compliant manufacturers are now expected not only to deliver exceptional flavor and meet personalized consumer
preferences but also to develop, produce, and launch products efficiently and reliably. This evolution sets higher standards
for electronic vaping manufacturers in areas such as market insights, product innovation, and brand promotion. In response,
the Group will continue to leverage its technological and manufacturing expertise to enhance market insights, strengthen
adaptability to emerging trends, and deliver innovative, compliant products that meet the evolving needs of customers
and consumers. The Group will also further strengthen collaboration with certain customers, not only providing R&D and
manufacturing services, but also offering comprehensive support in areas such as marketing, brand promotion and channel
development services.


Sullivan Report indicates that the global market for special purpose atomization products will reach approximately USD3.44
billion in 2029 based on ex-factory prices, with a projected compound growth rate of approximately 17.2% from 2024 to
2029. In the second half of 2025, the Group will focus on launching innovative products, expanding its portfolio, enhancing
brand building, and refining its business model. The Group is confident that this business will gradually recover and evolve
into a key pillar of its overall operations over the long term.




20     Smoore International Holdings Limited                 INTERIM REPORT 2025
                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



With the global rise in respiratory diseases, the inhalable drugs market is poised for significant growth. According to a
2023 report by Market Research Future, the global market for pulmonary drugs and drug delivery devices was valued at
approximately USD56.01 billion in 2022 and is projected to reach around USD93.28 billion by 2030, reflecting a robust
compound annual growth rate. Transpire is dedicated to developing generic versions of leading asthma and COPD
products used in the U.S. and Europe. This initiative aims to reduce costs while maintaining the same standards of safety
and efficacy, making these treatments more accessible and affordable for a broader range of patients. In the second half of
2025, Transpire will steadily advance its development of drug-device combination products for the treatment of respiratory
diseases in accordance with the established product development plan. Transpire will further cooperate with more
international pharmaceutical companies by leveraging its strong R&D and industrialization capabilities to promote the project.
Transpire will continue to improve its R&D efficiency to ensure that the entire process of product development, marketing
authorization application and commercialization is steadily advanced. In the future, Transpire is expected to bring greater
revenue contribution to the Group.


According to Euromonitor, the retail market for beauty devices in China was valued at approximately RMB10 billion in 2021,
reflecting a year-on-year growth of 10.7%. This market is projected to expand significantly, reaching an estimated RMB25.1
billion to RMB37.4 billion by 2025. Additionally, another report by Sullivan, published in 2024, shows that the market size
of skincare products in China was approximately RMB463.0 billion in 2023, and will grow at a compound annual rate of
approximately 8.7% from 2023 to 2028, ultimately reaching approximately RMB701.1 billion. These trends highlight strong
growth opportunities in both beauty devices and skincare, driven by increasing consumer demand for innovative and high-
quality solutions. The Group is dedicated to providing users with safer and more effective skincare solutions. While the
market holds significant potential, additional time is required to evaluate the performance and operation of the Group’s
beauty atomization business. In the second half of 2025, the Group will closely monitor the sales trend of MOYAL products
and make adjustments to the business model as necessary to deliver optimal results.


The Group remains committed to the principle that “science and technology are the primary productive forces” in its R&D
initiatives. In the second half of 2025, efforts will focus on accelerating the commercialization of technology platforms while
continuing to invest in R&D projects with strategic commercial value. Guided by market demand, the Group aims to address
core technological challenges and resolve user pain points. The Group will continue to prioritize R&D in HNB products and
inhalation therapy solutions, focusing on building technological barriers and advancing commercialization. In electronic vaping
segment, the Group will concentrate on key technologies to develop platforms that deliver a distinctly superior consumer
experience, with plans to launch a number of competitive new products. Alongside self-developed R&D initiatives, the Group
will collaborate with customers on joint research and share the outcomes of these partnerships. The Group is confident in
its ability to rapidly iterate product portfolio while ensuring compliance, solidifying our leading position across core business
areas.


The Group recognizes the critical importance of understanding consumers and market dynamics, which drives its ongoing
investments in localized operations, channel expansion, and market insights development. In the second half of 2025, the
Group will continue to prioritize these efforts across its major business segments. Leveraging this foundation, the Group
aims to deepen commercial partnerships with some customers by offering comprehensive, one-stop solutions that include
R&D, production, branding, marketing, and promotion. These initiatives are focused on enabling partners to adapt to rapidly
changing market dynamics and achieve long-term success.




                                              Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025         21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



The year 2025 marks a crucial turning point for the Group’s transition, requiring heightened operational and managerial
efficiency. In the second half of 2025, the Group will focus on advancing key initiatives, including optimizing decentralization
and empowerment within business segments, enhancing talent development and management, and refining employee
incentive mechanisms. The Group firmly believes that these efforts will lay a solid foundation for building a sustainable and
successful long-term enterprise.


The Group will continue to enhance its production and operational management to ensure agile production and on-time
delivery in response to customer demands. On the technological front, the Group will integrate automated equipment with
intelligent production management systems, increase automation in critical processes, and streamline workflows to enhance
manufacturing capabilities and efficiency. In terms of quality assurance, the Group will establish a dedicated improvement
team to address quality problems while promoting a “prevention-first” approach. The operations team will further enhance
collaboration with R&D, procurement, and suppliers to optimize product design and manufacturing processes, focusing
on environmentally friendly solutions. Simultaneously, the Group will refine energy management practices and implement
operational improvements to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions. These initiatives underscore the Group’s
commitment to corporate social responsibility and sustainable development.


Building on the initiatives outlined above, the Group remains dedicated to creating exceptional value for customers and
consumers through innovative products and advanced technology. Meanwhile, we strive to drive sustainable business
growth and deliver strong, consistent returns to our Shareholders.



Financial Review

During the Review Period, the total revenue of the Group was approximately RMB6,013,290,000 (the same period in
2024: approximately RMB5,083,554,000), representing an increase of approximately 18.3% as compared to the same
period last year. During the Review Period, the gross profit of the Group was approximately RMB2,243,850,000 (the same
period in 2024: approximately RMB1,923,951,000), representing an increase of approximately 16.6% as compared to the
same period last year. During the Review Period, the gross profit margin of the Group was approximately 37.3% (the same
period in 2024: approximately 37.8%). During the Review Period, the profit for the period of the Group was approximately
RMB492,154,000 (the same period in 2024: approximately RMB683,198,000), representing a decrease of approximately
28.0% as compared to the same period last year.


The decrease of profit for the period was mainly due to the increase in revenue and gross profit was not being sufficient to
offset increased expenses, primarily attributable to: (i) the Group’s share-based payment expenses during the Review Period
increased significantly as compared to the same period last year; (ii) the Group’s intensified efforts in the market development
of its self-branded products during the Review Period, resulting in a significant increase in related market development
expenses as compared to the same period last year; and (iii) the Group’s legal and compliance service related expenses
which, compared to the same period last year, having increased significantly.


Excluding the share-based payment expenses, the Group’s adjusted profit for the Review Period was approximately
RMB737,410,000 (the same period in 2024: approximately RMB752,851,000), representing a decrease of approximately 2.1%
as compared to the same period last year.



22     Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



1.   Revenue — Categorized by Business Types
                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                        2025                             2024                      Changes
                                                RMB’000                 %        RMB’000                  %             %


      Self-branded business                    1,274,306             21.2       1,116,743               22.0          14.1
      Corporate client oriented business       4,738,984             78.8       3,966,811               78.0          19.5


      Total                                    6,013,290            100.0       5,083,554            100.0            18.3


     (1) Self-branded business
         The Group’s self-branded business mainly included the sales of electronic vaping products and beauty
         atomization products. During the Review Period, revenue from sales of self-branded business amounted to
         approximately RMB1,274,306,000 (the same period in 2024: approximately RMB1,116,743,000), representing
         an increase of approximately 14.1% as compared to the same period last year, and its percentage of revenue
         decreased slightly from approximately 22.0% the same period last year to approximately 21.2% during the
         Review Period. Among which:


         (i)     Revenue from Europe and other countries and regions market amounted to approximately RMB1,069,339,000 (the
                 same period in 2024: approximately RMB928,687,000), representing an increase of approximately 15.1%
                 as compared to the same period last year, all derived from sales of electronic vaping products;


         (ii)    Revenue from the U.S. market amounted to approximately RMB174,349,000 (the same period in 2024:
                 approximately RMB186,920,000), representing a decrease of approximately 6.7% as compared to the
                 same period last year, all derived from sales of electronic vaping products; and


         (iii)   Revenue from the China market amounted to approximately RMB30,618,000 (the same period in 2024:
                 approximately RMB1,136,000), representing an increase of approximately 2,595.2% as compared to the
                 same period last year, mainly derived from the sales of beauty atomization products.




                                             Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025      23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



     (2) Corporate client oriented business
         During the Review Period, revenue from corporate client oriented business amounted to approximately
         RMB4,738,984,000 (the same period in 2024: approximately RMB3,966,811,000), representing an increase of
         approximately 19.5% as compared to the same period last year, and its percentage of revenue increased from
         approximately 78.0% the same period last year to approximately 78.8% during the Review Period. Among which:


         (i)     Revenue from Europe and other countries and regions markets amounted to approximately
                 RMB2,733,787,000 (the same period in 2024: approximately RMB1,981,193,000), representing an
                 increase of approximately 38.0% as compared to the same period last year, and an increase in percentage
                 of total revenue from approximately 39.0% the same period last year to approximately 45.4% for the
                 Review Period, mainly derived from sales of electronic vaping products, heat-not-burn products and
                 provision of technical services;


         (ii)    Revenue from the U.S. market amounted to approximately RMB1,887,768,000 (the same period in 2024:
                 approximately RMB1,860,614,000), representing an increase of approximately 1.5% as compared to the
                 same period last year, and a decrease in percentage of total revenue from approximately 36.6% the same
                 period last year to approximately 31.4% for the Review Period, mainly derived from sales of electronic
                 vaping products, special purpose atomization products and provision of technical services; and


         (iii)   Revenue from China market amounted to approximately RMB117,429,000 (the same period in 2024:
                 approximately RMB125,004,000), representing a decrease of approximately 6.1% as compared to the
                 same period last year, and a decrease in percentage of total revenue from approximately 2.4% the same
                 period last year to approximately 2.0% for the Review Period, mainly derived from sales of electronic vaping
                 products and provision of technical services.




24    Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025
                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



To our knowledge, the distribution of the Group’s revenue from various regions is roughly as follows:


                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                   2025                            2024                  Changes
                                           RMB’000                %        RMB’000                 %              %


  Self-branded business                   1,274,306             21.2      1,116,743             22.0            14.1
    — Revenue from Europe and
          other countries and regions
          (electronic vaping products)    1,069,339             17.8        928,687             18.3            15.1
    — Revenue from the U.S.
          (electronic vaping products)      174,349              2.9        186,920               3.7           (6.7)
    — Revenue from China (beauty
          atomization products)              30,618              0.5           1,136              0.0     2,595.2


  Corporate client oriented
    business                              4,738,984             78.8      3,966,811             78.0            19.5
    — Revenue from Europe and
          other countries and regions
          (electronic vaping products,
          heat-not-burn products,
          and technical services)         2,733,787             45.4      1,981,193             39.0            38.0
    — Revenue from the U.S.
          (electronic vaping products,
          special purpose atomization
          products and technical
          services)                       1,887,768             31.4      1,860,614             36.6             1.5
    — Revenue from China (electronic
          vaping products and
          technical services)               117,429              2.0        125,004               2.4           (6.1)


  Total                                   6,013,290           100.0       5,083,554            100.0            18.3




                                         Smoore International Holdings Limited            INTERIM REPORT 2025      25
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



2.   Gross Profit and Cost of Revenue
     During the Review Period, the Group’s gross profit was approximately RMB2,243,850,000 (the same period in 2024:
     approximately RMB1,923,951,000), representing an increase of approximately 16.6% as compared to the same period
     last year, and the gross profit margin decreased slightly from approximately 37.8% for the same period last year to
     approximately 37.3% for the Review Period.


     Cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue:

                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                          2025                           2024                     Changes
                                               RMB’000                  %        RMB’000                 %               %


       Cost of raw materials                   2,845,798             47.3       2,428,773             47.8             17.2
       Labor costs                               433,682               7.2        341,758              6.7             26.9
       Overhead                                  454,955               7.6        354,390              7.0             28.4
       Tax and surcharge                          35,005               0.6         34,682              0.7              0.9


       Total                                   3,769,440             62.7       3,159,603             62.2             19.3


     During the Review Period, the Group’s cost of raw materials as a percentage of revenue decreased slightly from
     approximately 47.8% for the same period last year to approximately 47.3% for the Review Period, which was mainly
     attributable to the Group’s continued promotion of cost-efficient measures on products, resulting in a continuous
     decline in cost of materials.


3.   Distribution and Selling Expenses
     The Group’s distribution and selling expenses increased by approximately 31.2% from approximately RMB374,516,000
     for the same period last year to approximately RMB491,229,000 for the Review Period. The distribution and selling
     expenses as a percentage of revenue increased from approximately 7.4% for the same period last year to approximately 8.2%
     for the Review Period. The increase in distribution and selling expenses as a percentage of revenue was mainly due to
     the Group’s increased marketing investment in its self-branded business, which supports the Group’s continued global
     expansion during the Review Period. In particular:


     (1)   Staff salaries and benefits increased by approximately 24.9% from approximately RMB148,642,000 for the same
           period last year to approximately RMB185,664,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage of revenue,
           increased from approximately 2.9% for the same period last year to approximately 3.1% for the Review Period.
           The increase in staff salaries and benefits was mainly attributable to the Group’s increased marketing investment
           in its self-branded business during the Review Period, which resulted in an increase in the remuneration of
           marketing staff.




26    Smoore International Holdings Limited               INTERIM REPORT 2025
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



     (2)   Market development costs increased by approximately 123.2% from approximately RMB60,014,000 for the
           same period last year to approximately RMB133,965,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage of revenue,
           increased from approximately 1.2% for the same period last year to approximately 2.2% for the Review Period.
           The increase in market development expenses was mainly attributable to the Group’s increased promotion
           efforts for electronic vaping products and beauty atomization products during the Review Period.


     (3)   Travelling expenses increased by approximately 25.8% from approximately RMB15,646,000 for the same period
           last year to approximately RMB19,682,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage of revenue was broadly
           maintained at the same level as the same period last year, i.e. approximately 0.3%.


     (4)   Other expenses increased by approximately 1.1% from approximately RMB150,214,000 for the same period last
           year to approximately RMB151,918,000 during the Review Period, and as a percentage of revenue, decreased
           slightly from approximately 3.0% for the same period last year to approximately 2.5% during the Review Period.
           Other expenses include the provision for product-related expenses during the Review Period in view of the
           Group’s expected product changes related to regulatory and compliance requirements.


4.   Administrative Expenses
     The administrative expenses of the Group increased by approximately 79.7% from approximately RMB339,229,000
     for the same period last year to approximately RMB609,548,000 for the Review Period. Administrative expenses as a
     percentage of revenue increased from approximately 6.7% for the same period last year to approximately 10.1% for
     the Review Period. The increase in administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue was mainly due to the increase
     in share-based payment expenses and legal and compliance service related expenses incurred by the Group during
     the Review Period. In particular:


     (1)   Staff salaries and benefits increased by approximately 76.2% from approximately RMB202,790,000 for the same
           period last year to approximately RMB357,378,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage of revenue,
           increased from approximately 4.0% for the same period last year to approximately 5.9% for the Review Period.
           The increase in staff salaries and benefits was mainly attributable to the increase in share-based payment
           expenses incurred by the Group during the Review Period.


     (2)   Professional service fees increased by approximately 819.6% from approximately RMB15,190,000 for the same
           period last year to approximately RMB139,687,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage of revenue,
           increased from approximately 0.3% for the same period last year to approximately 2.3% for the Review Period.
           The increase in professional service fees was mainly attributable to the increase in the Group’s legal and
           compliance service related expenses compared to the same period last year.


     (3)   Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased slightly by approximately 1.5% from approximately
           RMB52,097,000 for the same period last year to approximately RMB51,310,000 during the Review Period,
           and as a percentage of revenue, slightly decreased from approximately 1.0% for the same period last year to
           approximately 0.9% during the Review Period.




                                            Smoore International Holdings Limited            INTERIM REPORT 2025     27
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



5.   Research and Development Expenses
     The Group’s R&D expenses decreased by approximately 4.9% from approximately RMB760,112,000 for the same
     period last year to approximately RMB722,564,000 during the Review Period. As a percentage of revenue, R&D
     expenses decreased from approximately 15.0% for the same period last year to approximately 12.0% during the
     Review Period. The R&D expenses of electronic nicotine delivery system (including electronic vaping products and
     heat-not-burn products) decreased by approximately 0.7% compared with the same period last year, the R&D
     expenses of inhalation therapy and beauty atomization products decreased by approximately 3.4% compared with
     the same period last year, and the R&D expenses of special purpose atomization products and solutions decreased
     by approximately 30.1% compared with the same period last year. The year-on-year decrease in R&D expenses
     was mainly due to the reduced investment in electronic vaping products and the Group’s capitalization of qualifying
     development costs during the Review Period. In particular:


     (1)   Staff salaries and benefits decreased by approximately 1.7% from approximately RMB477,901,000 for the same
           period last year to approximately RMB469,969,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage of revenue,
           decreased from approximately 9.4% for the same period last year to approximately 7.8% for the Review Period.


     (2)   Development costs decreased by approximately 8.1% from approximately RMB174,900,000 for the same period
           last year to approximately RMB160,745,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage of revenue, decreased
           from approximately 3.4% for the same period last year to approximately 2.7% for the Review Period.


     (3)   Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased by approximately 18.8% from approximately RMB60,727,000
           for the same period last year to approximately RMB49,340,000 for the Review Period, and as a percentage of
           revenue, decreased from approximately 1.2% for the same period last year to approximately 0.8% for the Review
           Period.


6.   Other Income and Expenses
     During the Review Period, the Group’s total other income amounted to approximately RMB349,691,000, representing
     a decrease of approximately 9.3% as compared to approximately RMB385,635,000 for the same period last year, as
     set out below:


                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2025              2024            Changes
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000                    %


       Interest income from bank deposits                                  235,658           322,425               (26.9)
       Interest income from investment notes at amortized cost              87,130                 —                N/A
       Government grants                                                    19,192            57,955               (66.9)
       Others                                                                7,711             5,255               46.7


       Total                                                               349,691           385,635                (9.3)



28    Smoore International Holdings Limited            INTERIM REPORT 2025
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



7.   Other Gains and Losses
     During the Review Period, the Group’s total other losses amounted to approximately RMB55,177,000, representing an
     increase of approximately 811.9% compared with approximately RMB6,051,000 for the same period last year, as set
     out below:


                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2025            2024       Changes
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000                  %


       Net foreign exchange (loss) gain                                         (37,238)          8,134              N/A
       Loss arising on forward foreign exchange
         contracts/swap contracts                                                  (482)             —               N/A
       Gain arising on short-term bank deposits with variable
         interest rate                                                           5,524            1,118         394.1
       Gain arising on debt instrument                                           2,498               —               N/A
       Gain on early termination of leases                                         258             396              (34.8)
       Loss on disposal/write off of property, plant and equipment              (25,737)        (22,935)            12.2
       Others                                                                        —            7,236              N/A


       Total                                                                    (55,177)         (6,051)        811.9


8.   Finance Costs
     During the Review Period, the finance costs of the Group amounted to approximately RMB13,619,000 (the same
     period in 2024: approximately RMB18,512,000), representing a decrease of approximately 26.4% as compared to
     the same period last year. The finance costs of the Group were mainly derived from the interest expenses on lease
     liabilities and the interest expenses on discount of bills receivables.


9.   Income Tax Expense
     During the Review Period, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB206,581,000 (the same
     period in 2024: approximately RMB128,357,000), representing an increase of approximately 60.9% as compared to
     the same period last year. The increase in income tax was mainly due to the increased tax provisions related to the
     Group’s international business expansion.




                                              Smoore International Holdings Limited           INTERIM REPORT 2025       29
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



10. Profit for the Period and Total Comprehensive Income for the Period
     During the Review Period, the profit for the period of the Group was approximately RMB492,154,000 (the same
     period in 2024: approximately RMB683,198,000), representing a decrease of approximately 28.0% as compared
     to the same period last year. During the Review Period, the Group’s total comprehensive income for the period was
     approximately RMB501,166,000 (the same period in 2024: approximately RMB724,597,000), representing a decrease
     of approximately 30.8% as compared to the same period last year. The decrease was mainly due to the increase in
     revenue and gross profit was insufficient to offset increased expenses.


11. Liquidity and Financial Resources
     As at 30 June 2025, the net current assets of the Group were approximately RMB10,198,578,000 (31 December
     2024: approximately RMB11,587,063,000). As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were
     approximately RMB5,211,753,000 (31 December 2024: approximately RMB5,170,700,000), which mainly consisted
     of approximately RMB2,073,605,000 denominated in RMB, approximately RMB2,940,496,000 denominated in USD
     and approximately RMB192,842,000 denominated in HKD (31 December 2024: mainly consisted of approximately
     RMB3,779,750,000 denominated in RMB, approximately RMB1,226,397,000 denominated in USD and approximately
     RMB160,507,000 denominated in HKD). As at 30 June 2025, the current ratio of the Group was approximately 336.7% (31
     December 2024: approximately 320.3%).


     Treasury Management Policy
     The treasury management policy of the Group is primarily to utilize surplus cash reserves to invest in low-risk products
     such as low-risk wealth management products, structured deposit or time deposit, etc. and to generate income
     without interfering with the Group’s business operations or capital expenditures.


     Borrowings
     As at 30 June 2025, the Group did not have any bank or other financial institutions borrowings (31 December 2024:
     nil). As at 30 June 2025, the banking facilities secured by the Group were approximately RMB7,300.0 million, of which
     approximately RMB722.9 million had been utilized, primarily used for the issuance and discounting of bills and letters
     of credit.


     Gearing ratio
     As at 30 June 2025, the gearing ratio, calculated as total liabilities divided by total equity, was approximately 21.8% (31
     December 2024: approximately 26.2%).


12. Charge on Assets
     As at 30 June 2025, the Group did not have any charge on assets (31 December 2024: bank deposits of
     approximately RMB590.0 million).




30    Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025
                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



13. Exposure to Foreign Exchange Risk
   The functional currency of the Company is RMB. The revenue of the Group is mainly settled in USD and RMB. During
   the Review Period, approximately 70% of the Group’s revenue was settled in USD and approximately 30% was settled
   in RMB. Meanwhile, approximately 80% of the materials, labors and various expenditures paid by the Group were
   settled in RMB. The foreign exchange risk of the Group mainly refers to the risks of foreign exchange gain or loss
   arising from the net amount of monetary funds denominated in USD, trade receivables denominated in USD deducted
   by trade payables denominated in USD (“U.S. Dollars Exposure”) as a result of changes in the exchange rate between
   USD and RMB.


   Sensitivity Analysis
   For the above-mentioned U.S. Dollars Exposure, the Group controls relevant foreign exchange risks through timely
   settlement of foreign currencies or entering into forward foreign exchange contracts with commercial banks. The Board
   believes that the relevant foreign exchange risks are acceptable to the Group and such risks will be monitored closely.


   Based on the amounts of assets and liabilities of the Group denominated in USD as of 30 June 2025, if the exchange
   rate of USD against RMB rises by 10%, the Group’s total comprehensive income will increase by approximately
   RMB1,145,717,000 (31 December 2024: increase by approximately RMB874,306,000). Alternatively, if the exchange
   rate of USD against RMB drops by 10%, the Group’s total comprehensive income will decrease by approximately
   RMB1,145,717,000 (31 December 2024: decrease by approximately RMB874,306,000).


14. Employment, Training and Development
   As at 30 June 2025, the Group has 20,978 and 2,205 employees in China (including Mainland China and Hong Kong)
   and other countries and regions respectively. The Group provides its employees with comprehensive and attractive
   remuneration, retirement schemes, share incentive schemes and benefit packages, and also grants discretionary
   bonuses to the Group’s employees based on their performance. The Group is required to contribute to the Mainland
   China social security scheme. Each of the Group and its employees in the Mainland China is required to make
   contributions to pension insurance, medical insurance and unemployment insurance at rates specified in the relevant
   Mainland China laws and regulations. The Group has adopted a provident fund scheme for its Hong Kong employees
   under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. The Group also pays same pension insurance, pension
   scheme, medical insurance, etc. for its employees in other countries in accordance with the laws and regulations of
   such countries.


   In addition, the Group attaches great importance to the individual education and career development of employees,
   and has formulated targeted talent development programmes tailored to different groups of talents, such as the “Hong
   Yi” programme designed to cultivate outstanding director-level talents, the “Zhen Yu” programme designed to cultivate
   excellent managerial talents, and the “1-3-5-7-10” ten-year cultivation and development path especially designed
   for fresh graduates, with a six-month induction training and a one-year apprenticeship, to help them adapt to the
   workplace better and faster. Meanwhile, we upgrade our online learning platform from time to time to enrich the on-line
   courses, so that all employees can enjoy the value of on-line learning in real time.




                                           Smoore International Holdings Limited            INTERIM REPORT 2025        31
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



     During the Review Period, the total staff costs (including management and administration staff) accounted for
     approximately 28.5% of the revenue of the Group (the same period in 2024: approximately 25.6%). The increase in
     total staff costs as a percentage of revenue was mainly due to the year-on-year increase in share-based payment
     expenses incurred by the Group during the Review Period.


15. Capital Expenditures
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the total investment in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
     of the Group was approximately RMB784,581,000 (the same period in 2024: approximately RMB282,315,000), which
     was mainly attributable to the recognition of (1) capital expenditure in relation to the headquarter building, (2) capital
     expenditure in relation to equipment, and (3) research and development expenditure capitalized.


16. Capital Commitments
     As at 30 June 2025, the Group had contracted capital commitment for property, plant and equipment of approximately
     RMB474,461,000 (31 December 2024: approximately RMB707,750,000), which will be financed with proceeds from
     the Listing and net proceeds generated from operations.


17. Material Acquisitions and Disposals
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group did not carry out any material acquisitions or disposals of any
     subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.


18. Significant Investments
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group did not have any significant investments.


19. Contingent Liabilities
     As at 30 June 2025, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.


20. Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Expenditures
     Save as disclosed below, the Company has no other plans for material investments or capital expenditures:


     (1)   The section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the prospectus of the Company dated 29 June 2020;


     (2)   The section headed “Intended Use of Net Proceeds” in the Company’s announcement dated 4 February 2021 in
           connection with the completion of top-up placing; and


     (3)   The Group’s investment plans as disclosed in the 2021 Annual Report “Future Plans for Material Investments or
           Capital Expenditures”.




32    Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION


Major Customers and Suppliers

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s sales to its top five customers accounted for approximately 54.7%
(six months ended 30 June 2024: approximately 56.2%) of its total sales. The Group’s purchase amounts from its top five
suppliers accounted for approximately 21.0% (six months ended 30 June 2024: approximately 22.3%) of its total purchase
amounts. The Group aims to maintain long-term cooperative relationship with reputable customers and suppliers for the
expansion of its business.



Corporate Governance

Compliance with the Code Provisions of the Corporate Governance Code
The Board and the management of the Company are committed to the maintenance of good corporate governance
practices and procedures. The corporate governance principles of the Company emphasize a quality Board, sound internal
controls, and transparency and accountability to all shareholders of the Company (“Shareholders”).


For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company had applied the principles and complied with all code provisions
(except as stated below) and (where applicable) the recommended best practices of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG
Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (the “Listing Rules”). In respect of code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the positions of
the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer are held by the same individual, namely, Mr. Chen Zhiping. The
Board is of the view that this is the most appropriate arrangement in the interest of the Shareholders as a whole at present,
and will not impair the balance of power between the Board and the Company’s management, which is mainly in view of the
following considerations:


(1)   The decision of the Board requires the approval of a majority of Directors. Currently, the Board of the Company
      consists of eight Directors, including three independent non-executive Directors and one non-executive Director.
      Therefore, the Board believes that there are sufficient checks and balances within the Board;


(2)   Mr. Chen and the other Directors have already undertaken to fulfill their fiduciary duties as Directors, which requires
      them to act for the benefits and in the best interests of the Company;


(3)   The balance of power guarantees the functioning of the Board. The Board of the Company consists of experienced
      talents in different fields. These members meet regularly to discuss significant issues relating to the business strategies
      and operations of the Group;


(4)   The Group’s development strategies and other major operating decisions are jointly made by the management team,
      the Board, and special committees under the Board after regular discussions.


The Group will continue to review the effectiveness of the corporate governance structure of the Group in order to assess
whether the separation of roles of chairman of the Board and chief executive officer is necessary.



                                              Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025         33
OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



Terms of Reference of Board Committees

The terms of reference for each Board committee and the list of Directors and their roles and functions have been published
on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange, respectively.



Audit Committee

The Audit Committee currently consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Zhong Shan, Mr. Yim
Siu Wing, Simon and Dr. Wang Gao. Mr. Zhong Shan is the chairman of the Audit Committee. His expertise in accounting,
auditing and finance enables him to lead the Audit Committee.


The principal responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to conduct critical and objective reviews of the Group’s financial and
accounting practices, risk management and internal controls. These include determining the nature and scope of statutory
audit, reviewing the Group’s interim and annual accounts and assessing the completeness and effectiveness of the Group’s
accounting and financial controls.


The Audit Committee has reviewed, with the management and the independent auditor of the Company, the Group’s
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2025, the interim report,
the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and has discussed the risk management, internal controls
and financial reporting matters.



Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee currently consists of Mr. Chen Zhiping, an executive Director, Mr. Yim Siu Wing, Simon and
Dr. Wang Gao, two independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Yim Siu Wing, Simon is the chairman of the Remuneration
Committee.


The principal responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the overall
remuneration policy and structure for the Directors and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and
transparent process for approving such remuneration policy. The Remuneration Committee makes recommendations
to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management. No Director
will take part in any discussion on his or her own remuneration. During the Review Period, the Remuneration
Committee also reviewed and approved matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules, including the grant of share options and share awards by the Company.


The objective of remuneration policy of the Company is to maintain fair and competitive packages based on business
requirements and industry practice. In order to determine the level of remuneration and fees paid to members of the Board,
market rates and factors such as each Director’s workload, responsibility, and job complexity are taken into account.




34     Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee currently consists of Mr. Chen Zhiping, an executive Director, Mr. Zhong Shan and Dr. Wang
Gao, two independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Chen Zhiping is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.


The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the Board composition, make recommendations to the
Board regarding the rotation and appointment of Directors and Board succession, review Board Diversity Policy and
Director Nomination Policy, and assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors of the Company. In
order to achieve a diversity of perspectives of the Board, the Company considers a number of factors when deciding on
appointments to the Board and the continuation of those appointments. Such factors include gender, age, cultural and
educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.



Environmental, Social and Governance Committee

The Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Committee was established by the Board for improving the ESG
management level of the Company. The ESG Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Chen Zhiping and Mr.
Wang Guisheng, executive Directors, and Mr. Zhong Shan, independent non-executive Director. Mr. Chen Zhiping is the
chairman of the ESG Committee.


The ESG Committee will meet on a regular basis to review the Company’s ESG management system and enhance the ESG
management capacity.



Risk Management and Internal Controls

The Company has an internal audit function in place to provide an independent assessment of the Group’s risk management
and internal control systems and review of their effectiveness in accordance with the CG Code. The Internal Audit
Department prepares its unbiased view by using risk assessment method and consult management for the review by the
Audit Committee of the Company. The audit work focuses on identification and analysis of the risks in relation to the Group’s
finance, operation, compliance monitoring, business activities and environmental, social and governance. An integral part of
the internal audit function is to monitor and ensure effective operation of risk management and internal control systems.


The Board, through the Audit Committee, has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
control systems of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025.




                                             Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025          35
OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set forth in the
Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as a code of conduct of the Company for Directors’ securities transactions (the “Securities
Trading Code”). Having made specific enquiry on this matter, all Directors confirmed that they have strictly complied with
the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Code for the six months ended 30 June 2025.



Directors’ Interests in Competing Business

During the six months ended 30 June 2025, none of the Directors had any interest in any business which competes with the
Company or any of its subsidiaries.



Continuous Professional Development of Directors

All Directors should participate in continuous professional training to acquire and refresh their knowledge and skills pursuant
to the CG Code. The Company has arranged for continuous professional training for the directors during the Review Period.



Changes of Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Information

As of 30 June 2025, there were no changes to the information of Directors and Chief Executive which are required to be
disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.



Investor Relations and Communication with Shareholders

The Company establishes different communication channels with the Shareholders and investors, including (i) corporate
communications (including but not limited to annual reports, interim reports, notices of meetings, circulars and proxy forms)
to be sent to the Shareholders as required under the Listing Rules, and the Shareholders can also choose to receive such
documents in printed form; (ii) the annual general meeting provides a platform for the Shareholders to raise comments and
exchange views with the Board; (iii) updated and key information of the Group is available on the website of the Company; (iv)
the Company’s website offers a communication channel between the Company and the Shareholders; (v) press conferences
and briefing meetings with analysts are arranged from time to time to update on the performance of the Group; (vi) the
Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar deals with all the share registration and related matters for Shareholders; and (vii)
a dedicated team of the Company handles general enquiries from the Shareholders and investors.




36     Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



Shareholders and investors are encouraged to access corporate communications of the Company by electronic
means through the website of the Company at www.smooreholdings.com and the website of the Stock Exchange at
www.hkexnews.hk to help protect the environment. Registered Shareholders may at any time change their choice of
language or means of receipt of the Company’s corporate communications by giving reasonable notice in writing to the
below email to the Company.


Shareholders and investors can send written inquiries or requests to the attention of the Board in the following ways:
Address: Tricor Investor Services Limited, 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
Email: IR@smooreholdings.com


The Company has adopted the Shareholders’ communication policy and procedures for Shareholders to propose a person
for election as Director on 15 June 2020.



Interim Dividend

The Company celebrates its fifth anniversary as a listed company. In order to mark the occassion and to signify its
appreciation of its Shareholders, the Board has resolved to declare an interim dividend of HK20 cents per share for the six
months ended 30 June 2025 (six months ended 30 June 2024: HK5 cents per share), to be paid to the Shareholders as
appearing on the register of members of the Company on 11 September 2025 (i.e. the record date). The interim dividend is
expected to be distributed on 25 September 2025, and the ex-dividend date is 5 September 2025.



Closure of Register of Members

The register of members of the Company will be closed from 9 September 2025 to 11 September 2025, both dates
inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to determine the Shareholders who are entitled
to the interim dividend, all transfer forms, accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s
Hong Kong branch share registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road,
Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 8 September 2025.



Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Listed Securities of the Company (including
Treasury Shares)

During the Review Period, neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
listed securities (including treasury shares) of the Company. Other than the issuance of equity securities under the share
option scheme that complies with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, the Group did not issue any equity securities or sale of
treasury shares for cash during the Review Period. As at 30 June 2025, the Group did not hold any treasury shares.




                                              Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025         37
OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company or Any of Its Associated
Corporations

As of 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of our Directors or chief executives of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were
as follows:


                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                           percentage
                                                                                                           of the total
                                                                                                            number of
  Name of Directors or                                                   Long/short         Ordinary    issued shares
  chief executive          Notes Nature of interest                         position      shares held          (Note 1)


  Chen Zhiping               (2)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position   2,073,708,600          33.51%
                             (3)   Interest of concert party            Long position    280,201,400            4.53%
                             (4)   Beneficial owner                     Long position     61,000,000            0.99%
                             (5)   Others                               Long position     40,927,848            0.66%


  Xiong Shaoming             (6)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position    319,692,100            5.17%
                             (7)   Interest of concert party            Long position   1,997,635,600          32.28%
                             (8)   Beneficial owner                     Long position      1,437,148         0.0232%
                             (9)   Others                               Long position    137,073,000            2.22%


  Wang Guisheng             (10)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position     12,000,000            0.19%
                            (11)   Beneficial owner                     Long position      4,003,486         0.0647%


  Wang Xin                  (12)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position      1,243,000         0.0201%
                            (13)   Beneficial owner                     Long position      1,586,557         0.0256%




38     Smoore International Holdings Limited            INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                          OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)


Notes:


(1)      The percentage is calculated based on the total number of shares of the Company in issue as at 30 June 2025, which was 6,188,322,972 shares.


(2)      Mr. Chen Zhiping holds all the issued shares of SMR & Alon Limited, which in turn directly holds 1,997,635,600 shares of the Company. In addition, Mr.
         Chen holds all the issued shares of CZPGJ Holding Limited, which in turn directly holds 76,073,000 shares of the Company. Accordingly, Mr. Chen is
         deemed to be interested in the 2,073,708,600 shares of the Company held by SMR & Alon Limited and CZPGJ Holding Limited.


(3)      By virtue of Section 317 of the SFO and the concert party agreement entered into between Mr. Chen Zhiping and Mr. Xiong Shaoming on 11 December 2019 (the
         “Concert Party Agreement”), Mr. Chen Zhiping is deemed to be interested in the 280,201,400 shares in which Mr. Xiong Shaoming has an interest.


(4)      These represent the 61,000,000 shares of the Company to be issued upon the exercise of share options conditionally granted to Mr. Chen Zhiping
         on 27 December 2024 under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. On 18 February 2025, the requisite shareholders’ approval was obtained and all
         conditions to the grant of such options have been satisfied. Vesting of up to 30%, 60% and 100% of these options will only occur if the average market
         capitalisation of the Company for any 15 consecutive business days first reaches HK$300,000,000,000, HK$400,000,000,000 or HK$500,000,000,000,
         respectively, during the period between 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2030. For more details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated
         27 December 2024 and the Company’s circular dated 8 January 2025.


(5)      By virtue of Section 318 of the SFO, except for the Concert Party Agreement, Mr. Chen Zhiping is deemed to be interested in the 40,927,848 shares in
         which Mr. Xiong Shaoming has an interest.


(6)      Mr. Xiong Shaoming holds all the issued shares of Andy Xiong Holding Limited, which in turn directly holds 319,692,100 shares of the Company.
         Accordingly, Mr. Xiong is deemed to be interested in the 319,692,100 shares of the Company held by Andy Xiong Holding Limited.


(7)      By virtue of Section 317 of the SFO and the Concert Party Agreement, Mr. Xiong Shaoming is deemed to be interested in the 1,997,635,600 shares in
         which Mr. Chen Zhiping has an interest.


(8)      Mr. Xiong Shaoming beneficially holds a total interest of 1,437,148 shares, including: (i) 21,548 shares of the Company beneficially held by Mr. Xiong; (ii) 1,279,800
         share options granted by the Company to Mr. Xiong under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme; and (iii) 135,800 share awards granted by the Company
         to Mr. Xiong under the Share Award Scheme.


(9)      By virtue of Section 318 of the SFO, apart from the Concert Party Agreement, Mr. Xiong Shaoming is deemed to be interested in the 137,073,000 shares
         in which Mr. Chen Zhiping has an interest.


(10)     Mr. Wang Guisheng holds all the issued shares of Sunrise & Rainbow Holding Limited, which in turn directly holds 12,000,000 shares of the Company.
         Accordingly, Mr. Wang is deemed to be interested in the 12,000,000 shares of the Company held by Sunrise & Rainbow Holding Limited.


(11)     Mr. Wang Guisheng beneficially holds a total interest of 4,003,486 shares, including: (i) 356,536 shares of the Company beneficially held by Mr. Wang; (ii)
         2,509,250 share options granted by the Company to Mr. Wang under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme; and (iii) 1,137,700 share awards granted by
         the Company to Mr. Wang under the Share Award Scheme.


(12)     Ms. Wang Xin holds all the issued shares of WXGJ Holding Limited, which in turn directly holds 1,243,000 shares of the Company. Accordingly, Ms.
         Wang is deemed to be interested in the 1,243,000 shares of the Company held by WXGJ Holding Limited.


(13)     Ms. Wang Xin beneficially holds a total interest of 1,586,557 shares, including (i) 86,082 shares of the Company beneficially held by Ms. Wang Xin; (ii)
         959,500 share options granted by the Company to Ms. Wang under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme; and (iii) 540,975 share awards granted by the
         Company to Ms. Wang under the Share Award Scheme.


(14)     Apart from the interests of the four executive directors disclosed above, the remaining four non-executive director and independent non-executive
         directors of the Company have no interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
         corporations.




                                                               Smoore International Holdings Limited                                INTERIM REPORT 2025                   39
OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



Substantial Shareholders’ and Other Persons’ Interests and Short Positions in
the Shares and Underlying Shares

As of 30 June 2025, so far as the Directors of the Company are aware, the following parties (other than our Directors or chief
executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and Section 336 of
the SFO:


                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                               percentage
                                                                                                                of the total
                                                                                                                number of
  Name of substantial                                                     Long/short            Ordinary    issued shares
  shareholders              Notes Nature of interest                         position        shares held           (Note 1)


  SMR & Alon Limited          (2)   Beneficial owner                     Long position    1,997,635,600            32.28%


  Zhao Zihan                  (3)   Interest of spouse                   Long position    2,455,837,848            39.69%


  Andy Xiong Holding          (4)   Beneficial owner                     Long position      319,692,100              5.17%
     Limited


  Han Xiao                    (5)   Interest of spouse                   Long position    2,455,837,848            39.69%


  EVE BATTERY                 (6)   Beneficial owner                     Long position    1,901,520,000            30.73%
     INVESTMENT LTD.
     (“EVE Battery”)


  EVE Asia Co., Limited       (6)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position    1,901,520,000            30.73%


  EVE Energy Co., Ltd.        (6)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position    1,901,520,000            30.73%
     (“EVE Energy”)


  Liu Jincheng                (7)   Interest in controlled corporation   Long position    1,950,240,000            31.51%


  Luo Jinhong                 (8)   Interest of spouse                   Long position    1,950,240,000            31.51%




40     Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)


Notes:


(1)      The percentage is calculated based on the total number of shares of the Company in issue as at 30 June 2025, which was 6,188,322,972 shares.


(2)      SMR & Alon Limited is beneficially and wholly owned by Mr. Chen Zhiping. Mr. Chen is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by SMR &
         Alon Limited under the SFO.


(3)      Ms. Zhao Zihan is the spouse of Mr. Chen Zhiping. Under the SFO, Ms. Zhao Zihan is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which
         Mr. Chen is interested.


(4)      Andy Xiong Holding Limited is beneficially and wholly owned by Mr. Xiong Shaoming. Mr. Xiong is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held
         by Andy Xiong Holding Limited under the SFO.


(5)      Ms. Han Xiao is the spouse of Mr. Xiong Shaoming. Under the SFO, Ms. Han Xiao is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which Mr.
         Xiong is interested.


(6)      EVE Battery is an investment holding company wholly owned by EVE Asia Co., Limited which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of EVE Energy. EVE Energy
         ultimately controlled by Dr. Liu Jincheng and Ms. Luo Jinhong (spouse of Dr. Liu).


(7)      Dr. Liu Jincheng holds all the issued shares of Golden Energy Global Investment Ltd., which in turn directly holds 48,720,000 shares of the Company.
         In addition, Dr. Liu through EVE Energy and EVE Asia Co., Limited ultimately controls EVE Battery, which in turn directly holds 1,901,520,000 shares of
         the Company. Accordingly, Dr. Liu is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 1,950,240,000 shares of the Company held by Golden Energy Global
         Investment Ltd. and EVE Battery.


(8)      Ms. Luo Jinhong is the spouse of Dr. Liu Jincheng. Under the SFO, Ms. Luo Jinhong is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which
         Dr. Liu is interested.




Share Schemes

The number of shares that may be issued in respect of share options and awarded shares granted under all share schemes
of the Company during the Review Period divided by the weighted average number of shares of the relevant share class in
issue (excluding treasury shares) for the Review Period is approximately 1.05%.




                                                           Smoore International Holdings Limited                         INTERIM REPORT 2025               41
OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



A. Share Option Scheme

     The post-IPO share option scheme was conditionally approved and adopted by the Shareholders on 15 June 2020
     and was amended and approved by the Shareholders on 18 February 2025 (“Share Option Scheme”). The terms of
     Share Option Scheme are subject to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to
     incentivize and reward eligible persons for their contribution to our Group and to align their interests with that of our
     Company so as to encourage them to work towards enhancing the value of our Company. Participants of the Share
     Option Scheme included employees (whether full time or part time) or Directors of the members of the Group, and the
     number of share subscription could be determined by the Board.


     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company has granted 2,390,000 share options to eligible participants
     under the Share Option Scheme on 7 May 2025. In addition, on 27 December 2024, the Company conditionally
     granted 61,000,000 options to Mr. Chen Zhiping, the chairman of the Board, executive Director and substantial
     shareholder of the Company. The grant was subject to the following conditions: (1) the approval of the shareholders
     of the Company to amend the Share Option Scheme; (2) the approval of the shareholders of the Company to adopt a
     new scheme mandate limit; and (3) the approval of the independent shareholders of the Company for the conditional
     grant. At the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 18 February 2025 (the “Feb 2025 EGM”), the
     requisite approval were obtained from the shareholders and all conditions of the conditional grant to Mr. Chen Zhiping
     have been satisfied. For more details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 27 December 2024 and the
     Company’s circular dated 8 January 2025.


     The number of options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Option Scheme on 1 January 2025
     was 9,765,240 shares and the number of options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Option
     Scheme on 30 June 2025 was 554,927,627 shares. Assuming, for illustration purposes only, all outstanding awards
     granted under the amended share award scheme after 18 February 2025 (i.e. the date of the Feb 2025 EGM where
     the shareholders approved the scheme mandate limit) are to be satisfied by allotment of new shares (including transfer
     of treasury shares), the number of options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Option Scheme
     on 30 June 2025 was 553,313,627 shares.


     For further information of the Share Option Scheme, please refer to Appendix II (Summary of the Principal terms of the
     Amended Post-IPO Share Option Scheme) to the Company's circular dated 8 January 2025.




42    Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                                              OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



          For the six months ended 30 June 2025, details of the movement of the options granted under the Share Option
          Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                                                                   average
                                                                                                                              closing price
                                                                                            Closing price          Fair value immediately
                                                                                             immediately            as at the before the      Number of                                                  Number of
                                                                                               before the Exercise   date of       exercise   options at     Granted Exercised Cancelled      Lapsed     options at
                                  Number of                                                 date of grant    price      grant         date     1 January   during the during the during the during the     30 June
Grantee           Date of grant     options Vesting period          Exercisable period             (HKD) (HKD)         (HKD)         (HKD)          2025       period     period     period     period        2025


Mr. Chen Zhiping(1) 2024/12/27 18,300,000     2024/12/27–2025/12/26 2025/12/27–2034/12/26         10.10     11.26        3.46           NA           — 18,300,000            —          —           —    18,300,000
     (Director)     (Approved by 18,300,000   2024/12/27–2025/12/26 2025/12/27–2034/12/26         10.10     11.26        2.61           NA           — 18,300,000            —          —           —    18,300,000
                    shareholders 24,400,000   2024/12/27–2025/12/26 2025/12/27–2034/12/26         10.10     11.26        2.03           NA           — 24,400,000            —          —           —    24,400,000
                    on 18 February
                    2025)
Mr. Wang            2022/11/09       66,500   2022/11/09–2023/05/08 2023/05/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       2.77           NA        66,500           —          —          —          —        66,500
     Guisheng                        66,500   2022/11/09–2024/03/31 2024/04/01–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.19           NA        66,500           —          —          —          —        66,500
     (Director)     2023/08/23      319,150   2023/08/23–2024/08/22 2024/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.15         12.60      319,150           —     319,150         —          —            —
                                    319,150   2023/08/23–2025/08/22 2025/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.54           NA       319,150           —          —          —          —       319,150
                                    319,150   2023/08/23–2026/08/22 2026/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.83           NA       319,150           —          —          —          —       319,150
                                    319,150   2023/08/23–2027/08/22 2027/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       3.06           NA       319,150           —          —          —          —       319,150
                    2024/10/24      126,450   2024/10/24–2025/10/23 2025/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.39           NA       126,450           —          —          —          —       126,450
                                    126,450   2024/10/24–2026/10/23 2026/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.04           NA       126,450           —          —          —          —       126,450
                                    126,450   2024/10/24–2027/10/23 2027/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.55           NA       126,450           —          —          —          —       126,450
                                    126,450   2024/10/24–2028/10/23 2028/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.97           NA       126,450           —          —          —          —       126,450
                                     91,300   2024/10/24–2026/04/29 2026/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.76           NA        91,300           —          —          —          —        91,300
                                    182,600   2024/10/24–2027/04/29 2027/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.33           NA       182,600           —          —          —          —       182,600
                                    273,900   2024/10/24–2028/04/29 2028/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.79           NA       273,900           —          —          —          —       273,900
                                    365,200   2024/10/24–2029/04/29 2029/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       5.17           NA       365,200           —          —          —          —       365,200
Xiong Shaoming 2022/11/09           117,000   2022/11/09–2023/05/08 2023/05/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       2.77           NA       117,000           —          —          —          —       117,000
     (Director)                     117,000   2022/11/09–2024/03/31 2024/04/01–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.19           NA       117,000           —          —          —          —       117,000
                    2023/08/23      172,825   2023/08/23–2024/08/22 2024/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.15           NA       172,825           —          —          —          —       172,825
                                    172,825   2023/08/23–2025/08/22 2025/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.54           NA       172,825           —          —          —          —       172,825
                                    172,825   2023/08/23–2026/08/22 2026/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.83           NA       172,825           —          —          —          —       172,825
                                    172,825   2023/08/23–2027/08/22 2027/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       3.06           NA       172,825           —          —          —          —       172,825
                    2024/10/24       88,625   2024/10/24–2025/10/23 2025/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.39           NA        88,625           —          —          —          —        88,625
                                     88,625   2024/10/24–2026/10/23 2026/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.04           NA        88,625           —          —          —          —        88,625
                                     88,625   2024/10/24–2027/10/23 2027/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.55           NA        88,625           —          —          —          —        88,625
                                     88,625   2024/10/24–2028/10/23 2028/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.97           NA        88,625           —          —          —          —        88,625
Wang Xin (Director) 2022/11/09        7,500   2022/11/09–2023/05/08 2023/05/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       2.77           NA         7,500           —          —          —          —         7,500
                                      7,500   2022/11/09–2024/03/31 2024/04/01–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.19           NA         7,500           —          —          —          —         7,500
                    2023/08/23       87,650   2023/08/23–2024/08/22 2024/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.15           NA        87,650           —          —          —          —        87,650
                                     87,650   2023/08/23–2025/08/22 2025/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.54           NA        87,650           —          —          —          —        87,650
                                     87,650   2023/08/23–2026/08/22 2026/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.83           NA        87,650           —          —          —          —        87,650
                                     87,650   2023/08/23–2027/08/22 2027/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       3.06           NA        87,650           —          —          —          —        87,650
                    2024/10/24       58,725   2024/10/24–2025/10/23 2025/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.39           NA        58,725           —          —          —          —        58,725
                                     58,725   2024/10/24–2026/10/23 2026/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.04           NA        58,725           —          —          —          —        58,725
                                     58,725   2024/10/24–2027/10/23 2027/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.55           NA        58,725           —          —          —          —        58,725
                                     58,725   2024/10/24–2028/10/23 2028/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.97           NA        58,725           —          —          —          —        58,725
                                     35,900   2024/10/24–2026/04/29 2026/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.76           NA        35,900           —          —          —          —        35,900
                                     71,800   2024/10/24–2027/04/29 2027/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.33           NA        71,800           —          —          —          —        71,800
                                    107,700   2024/10/24–2028/04/29 2028/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.79           NA       107,700           —          —          —          —       107,700
                                    143,600   2024/10/24–2029/04/29 2029/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       5.17           NA       143,600           —          —          —          —       143,600
Li Xiaoping         2022/11/09       32,500   2022/11/09–2023/05/08 2023/05/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       2.77           NA        32,500           —          —          —          —        32,500
     (Associate of                   32,500   2022/11/09–2024/03/31 2024/04/01–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.19           NA        32,500           —          —          —          —        32,500
     Director)      2023/08/23       21,900   2023/08/23–2024/08/22 2024/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.15           NA        21,900           —          —          —          —        21,900
                                     21,900   2023/08/23–2025/08/22 2025/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.54           NA        21,900           —          —          —          —        21,900
                                     21,900   2023/08/23–2026/08/22 2026/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.83           NA        21,900           —          —          —          —        21,900
                                     21,900   2023/08/23–2027/08/22 2027/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       3.06           NA        21,900           —          —          —          —        21,900
                    2024/10/24       19,900   2024/10/24–2025/10/23 2025/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.39           NA        19,900           —          —          —          —        19,900
                                     19,900   2024/10/24–2026/10/23 2026/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.04           NA        19,900           —          —          —          —        19,900
                                     19,900   2024/10/24–2027/10/23 2027/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.55           NA        19,900           —          —          —          —        19,900
                                     19,900   2024/10/24–2028/10/23 2028/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.97           NA        19,900           —          —          —          —        19,900
                                      8,000   2024/10/24–2026/04/29 2026/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.76           NA         8,000           —          —          —          —         8,000
                                     16,000   2024/10/24–2027/04/29 2027/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.33           NA        16,000           —          —          —          —        16,000
                                     24,000   2024/10/24–2028/04/29 2028/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.79           NA        24,000           —          —          —          —        24,000
                                     32,000   2024/10/24–2029/04/29 2029/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       5.17           NA        32,000           —          —          —          —        32,000




                                                                             Smoore International Holdings Limited                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025                           43
OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)


                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                  average
                                                                                                                             closing price
                                                                                           Closing price          Fair value immediately
                                                                                            immediately            as at the before the      Number of                                                  Number of
                                                                                              before the Exercise   date of       exercise   options at     Granted Exercised Cancelled      Lapsed     options at
                                 Number of                                                 date of grant    price      grant         date     1 January   during the during the during the during the     30 June
Grantee          Date of grant     options Vesting period          Exercisable period             (HKD) (HKD)         (HKD)         (HKD)          2025       period     period     period     period        2025


Bu Zhiqiang       2022/11/09        15,500   2022/11/09–2023/05/08 2023/05/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       2.77           NA        15,500           —          —          —          —        15,500
    (Associate of                   15,500   2022/11/09–2024/03/31 2024/04/01–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.19           NA        15,500           —          —          —          —        15,500
    Director)     2023/08/23        33,550   2023/08/23–2024/08/22 2024/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.15           NA        33,550           —          —          —          —        33,550
                                    33,550   2023/08/23–2025/08/22 2025/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.54           NA        33,550           —          —          —          —        33,550
                                    33,550   2023/08/23–2026/08/22 2026/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.83           NA        33,550           —          —          —          —        33,550
                                    33,550   2023/08/23–2027/08/22 2027/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       3.06           NA        33,550           —          —          —          —        33,550
                 2024/10/24         16,075   2024/10/24–2025/10/23 2025/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.39           NA        16,075           —          —          —          —        16,075
                                    16,075   2024/10/24–2026/10/23 2026/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.04           NA        16,075           —          —          —          —        16,075
                                    16,075   2024/10/24–2027/10/23 2027/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.55           NA        16,075           —          —          —          —        16,075
                                    16,075   2024/10/24–2028/10/23 2028/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.97           NA        16,075           —          —          —          —        16,075
                                     5,000   2024/10/24–2026/04/29 2026/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.76           NA         5,000           —          —          —          —         5,000
                                    10,000   2024/10/24–2027/04/29 2027/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.33           NA        10,000           —          —          —          —        10,000
                                    15,000   2024/10/24–2028/04/29 2028/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.79           NA        15,000           —          —          —          —        15,000
                                    20,000   2024/10/24–2029/04/29 2029/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       5.17           NA        20,000           —          —          —          —        20,000
Yuan Xiang       2023/08/23          9,650   2023/08/23–2024/08/22 2024/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.15           NA         9,650           —          —          —          —         9,650
   (Associate of                     9,650   2023/08/23–2025/08/22 2025/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.54           NA         9,650           —          —          —          —         9,650
   Director)                         9,650   2023/08/23–2026/08/22 2026/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.83           NA         9,650           —          —          —          —         9,650
                                     9,650   2023/08/23–2027/08/22 2027/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       3.06           NA         9,650           —          —          —          —         9,650
                 2024/10/24          6,650   2024/10/24–2025/10/23 2025/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.39           NA         6,650           —          —          —          —         6,650
                                     6,650   2024/10/24–2026/10/23 2026/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.04           NA         6,650           —          —          —          —         6,650
                                     6,650   2024/10/24–2027/10/23 2027/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.55           NA         6,650           —          —          —          —         6,650
                                     6,650   2024/10/24–2028/10/23 2028/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.97           NA         6,650           —          —          —          —         6,650
Bu Weiqiang      2023/08/23         26,825   2023/08/23–2024/08/22 2024/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.15           NA        26,825           —          —          —          —        26,825
   (Associate of                    26,825   2023/08/23–2025/08/22 2025/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.54           NA        26,825           —          —          —          —        26,825
   Director)                        26,825   2023/08/23–2026/08/22 2026/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.83           NA        26,825           —          —          —          —        26,825
                                    26,825   2023/08/23–2027/08/22 2027/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       3.06           NA        26,825           —          —          —          —        26,825
                 2024/10/24         18,425   2024/10/24–2025/10/23 2025/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.39           NA        18,425           —          —          —          —        18,425
                                    18,425   2024/10/24–2026/10/23 2026/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.04           NA        18,425           —          —          —          —        18,425
                                    18,425   2024/10/24–2027/10/23 2027/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.55           NA        18,425           —          —          —          —        18,425
                                    18,425   2024/10/24–2028/10/23 2028/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.97           NA        18,425           —          —          —          —        18,425
                                     9,300   2024/10/24–2026/04/29 2026/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.76           NA         9,300           —          —          —          —         9,300
                                    18,600   2024/10/24–2027/04/29 2027/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.33           NA        18,600           —          —          —          —        18,600
                                    27,900   2024/10/24–2028/04/29 2028/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.79           NA        27,900           —          —          —          —        27,900
                                    37,200   2024/10/24–2029/04/29 2029/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       5.17           NA        37,200           —          —          —          —        37,200
Other employees 2022/05/19       2,447,000   2022/05/19–2023/05/18 2023/05/19–2032/05/18         17.46     16.88       4.56         19.26    1,728,375           —     122,250         —     138,750    1,467,375
    (Not Directors)              2,993,750   2022/05/19–2024/05/18 2024/05/19–2032/05/18         17.46     16.88       5.19         19.26    2,060,625           —     115,095         —     144,750    1,800,780
                                 2,993,750   2022/05/19–2025/05/18 2025/05/19–2032/05/18         17.46     16.88       5.67         19.26    2,021,625           —     104,734         —     129,750    1,787,141
                                 2,993,750   2022/05/19–2026/05/18 2026/05/19–2032/05/18         17.46     16.88       6.04           NA     2,021,625           —          —          —     138,000    1,883,625
                                   546,750   2022/05/19–2027/05/18 2027/05/19–2032/05/18         17.46     16.88       6.33           NA       288,750           —          —          —          —       288,750
                 2022/07/21        629,500   2022/07/21–2023/07/20 2023/07/21–2032/07/20         20.60     20.80       5.51           NA       227,000           —          —          —                  227,000
                                   629,500   2022/07/21–2024/07/20 2024/07/21–2032/07/20         20.60     20.80       6.32           NA       227,000           —          —          —                  227,000
                                   629,500   2022/07/21–2025/07/20 2025/07/21–2032/07/20         20.60     20.80       6.94           NA       227,000           —          —          —                  227,000
                                   629,500   2022/07/21–2026/07/20 2026/07/21–2032/07/20         20.60     20.80       7.44           NA       227,000           —          —          —                  227,000
                 2022/11/09      8,760,200   2022/11/09–2023/05/08 2023/05/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       2.77         16.29    5,067,300           —     681,315         —          —     4,385,985
                                 8,760,200   2022/11/09–2024/03/31 2024/04/01–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.19         16.04    5,067,300           —     561,850         —          —     4,505,450
                                 6,223,600   2022/11/09–2025/03/31 2025/04/01–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.56         15.07    2,780,400           —     291,222         —          —     2,489,178
                                   910,000   2022/11/09–2023/07/08 2023/07/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       2.87         18.43      563,300           —     141,394         —          —       421,906
                                   910,000   2022/11/09–2024/07/08 2024/07/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.31         18.28      563,300           —      95,677         —          —       467,623
                                   910,000   2022/11/09–2025/07/08 2025/07/09–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.65           NA       563,400           —          —          —          —       563,400
                                 2,915,800   2022/11/09–2023/09/29 2023/09/30–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       2.97         16.85    2,064,300           —     444,459         —     314,700    1,305,141
                                 2,915,800   2022/11/09–2024/09/29 2024/09/30–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.39         16.44    2,001,300           —     349,991         —     251,700    1,399,609
                                 2,907,400   2022/11/09–2025/09/29 2025/09/30–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.71           NA     1,994,400           —          —          —     273,400    1,721,000
                                 1,103,500   2022/11/09–2024/01/03 2024/01/04–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.10         16.56      723,400           —     160,000         —      53,300      510,100
                                 1,103,500   2022/11/09–2025/01/03 2025/01/04–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.49         16.24      670,100           —     140,000         —          —       530,100
                                 1,103,000   2022/11/09–2026/01/03 2026/01/04–2032/11/08         11.78     11.11       3.79           NA       669,800           —          —          —      40,000      629,800
                 2022/11/10        515,000   2022/11/10–2023/11/09 2023/11/10–2032/11/09         11.02     11.20       2.81         15.27      367,500           —      65,000         —      25,000      277,500
                                   515,000   2022/11/10–2024/11/09 2024/11/10–2032/11/09         11.02     11.20       3.22         15.37      342,500           —      55,000         —          —       287,500
                                   515,000   2022/11/10–2025/11/09 2025/11/10–2032/11/09         11.02     11.20       3.52           NA       332,500           —          —          —      10,000      322,500
                                   515,000   2022/11/10–2026/11/09 2026/11/10–2032/11/09         11.02     11.20       3.75           NA       332,500           —          —          —      10,000      322,500
                 2022/12/28        482,500   2022/12/28–2023/12/27 2023/12/28–2032/12/27         12.78     12.96       3.57         17.24      222,500           —      35,000         —     110,000       77,500
                                   482,500   2022/12/28–2024/12/27 2024/12/28–2032/12/27         12.78     12.96       4.09         17.49      222,500           —      30,000         —     110,000       82,500
                                   482,500   2022/12/28–2025/12/27 2025/12/28–2032/12/27         12.78     12.96       4.47           NA       222,500           —          —          —     110,000      112,500
                                   482,500   2022/12/28–2026/12/27 2026/12/28–2032/12/27         12.78     12.96       4.77           NA       222,500           —          —          —     110,000      112,500
                 2023/04/19        865,000   2023/04/19–2024/04/18 2024/04/19–2033/04/18          9.95      9.71       3.03         19.26      310,000           —     150,000         —          —       160,000
                                   865,000   2023/04/19–2025/04/18 2025/04/19–2033/04/18          9.95      9.71       3.54         19.26      310,000           —     150,000         —          —       160,000
                                   865,000   2023/04/19–2026/04/18 2026/04/19–2033/04/18          9.95      9.71       3.91           NA       310,000           —          —          —          —       310,000
                                   865,000   2023/04/19–2027/04/18 2027/04/19–2033/04/18          9.95      9.71       4.20           NA       310,000           —          —          —          —       310,000




44        Smoore International Holdings Limited                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)


                                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                                                                     average
                                                                                                                                closing price
                                                                                              Closing price          Fair value immediately
                                                                                               immediately            as at the before the       Number of                                                  Number of
                                                                                                 before the Exercise   date of       exercise    options at     Granted Exercised Cancelled      Lapsed     options at
                                   Number of                                                  date of grant    price      grant         date      1 January   during the during the during the during the     30 June
  Grantee          Date of grant     options Vesting period           Exercisable period             (HKD) (HKD)         (HKD)         (HKD)           2025       period     period     period     period        2025


  Other employees 2023/07/20          735,000   2023/07/20–2024/07/19 2024/07/20–2033/07/19          7.88      8.16       2.57         19.00       170,000           —    13,000           —          —        157,000
      (Not Directors)                 735,000   2023/07/20–2025/07/19 2025/07/20–2033/07/19          7.88      8.16       2.99           NA        170,000           —        —            —          —        170,000
                                      735,000   2023/07/20–2026/07/19 2026/07/20–2033/07/19          7.88      8.16       3.28           NA        170,000           —        —            —          —        170,000
                                      735,000   2023/07/20–2027/07/19 2027/07/20–2033/07/19          7.88      8.16       3.51           NA        170,000           —        —            —          —        170,000
                   2023/08/23      18,707,225   2023/08/23–2024/08/22 2024/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.15         15.67    16,077,831           — 4,318,039           —      29,175    11,730,617
                                   18,707,225   2023/08/23–2025/08/22 2025/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.54           NA     17,152,675           —        —            —     545,225    16,607,450
                                   18,707,225   2023/08/23–2026/08/22 2026/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       2.83           NA     17,152,675           —        —            —     545,225    16,607,450
                                   18,707,225   2023/08/23–2027/08/22 2027/08/23–2033/08/22          7.63      7.79       3.06           NA     17,152,675           —        —            —     545,225    16,607,450
                   2023/10/20         390,000   2023/10/20–2024/10/19 2024/10/20–2033/10/19          5.97      5.99       1.79         13.80       202,500           — 152,500             —      30,000        20,000
                                      390,000   2023/10/20–2025/10/19 2025/10/20–2033/10/19          5.97      5.99       2.09           NA        247,500           —        —            —      45,000       202,500
                                      390,000   2023/10/20–2026/10/19 2026/10/20–2033/10/19          5.97      5.99       2.31           NA        247,500           —        —            —      45,000       202,500
                                      390,000   2023/10/20–2027/10/19 2027/10/20–2033/10/19          5.97      5.99       2.48           NA        247,500           —        —            —      45,000       202,500
                   2024/03/27         145,000   2024/03/27–2025/03/26 2025/03/27–2034/03/26          6.55      6.85       1.96           NA        125,000           —        —            —      10,000       115,000
                                      145,000   2024/03/27–2026/03/26 2026/03/27–2034/03/26          6.55      6.85       2.31           NA        125,000           —        —            —      10,000       115,000
                                      145,000   2024/03/27–2027/03/26 2027/03/27–2034/03/26          6.55      6.85       2.59           NA        125,000           —        —            —      10,000       115,000
                                      145,000   2024/03/27–2028/03/26 2028/03/27–2034/03/26          6.55      6.85       2.82           NA        125,000           —        —            —      10,000       115,000
                   2024/07/04         477,500   2024/07/04–2025/07/03 2025/07/04–2034/07/03          8.57      9.24       2.52           NA        342,500           —        —            —      97,500       245,000
                                      477,500   2024/07/04–2026/07/03 2026/07/04–2034/07/03          8.57      9.24       3.00           NA        342,500           —        —            —      97,500       245,000
                                      477,500   2024/07/04–2027/07/03 2027/07/04–2034/07/03          8.57      9.24       3.38           NA        342,500           —        —            —      97,500       245,000
                                      477,500   2024/07/04–2028/07/03 2028/07/04–2034/07/03          8.57      9.24       3.70           NA        342,500           —        —            —      97,500       245,000
                   2024/10/24         355,000   2024/10/24–2025/10/23 2025/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.39           NA        355,000           —        —            —     240,000       115,000
                                      355,000   2024/10/24–2026/10/23 2026/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.04           NA        355,000           —        —            —     240,000       115,000
                                      355,000   2024/10/24–2027/10/23 2027/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.55           NA        355,000           —        —            —     240,000       115,000
                                      355,000   2024/10/24–2028/10/23 2028/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.97           NA        355,000           —        —            —     240,000       115,000
                                   12,643,325   2024/10/24–2025/10/23 2025/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.39           NA     12,540,550           —        —            —     507,000    12,033,550
                                   12,643,325   2024/10/24–2026/10/23 2026/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.04           NA     12,540,550           —        —            —     507,000    12,033,550
                                   12,643,325   2024/10/24–2027/10/23 2027/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.55           NA     12,540,550           —        —            —     507,000    12,033,550
                                   12,643,325   2024/10/24–2028/10/23 2028/10/24–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.97           NA     12,540,550           —        —            —     507,000    12,033,550
                                    3,858,100   2024/10/24–2026/04/29 2026/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       3.76           NA      3,858,100           —        —            —     154,900     3,703,200
                                    7,716,200   2024/10/24–2027/04/29 2027/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.33           NA      7,716,200           —        —            —     309,800     7,406,400
                                   11,574,300   2024/10/24–2028/04/29 2028/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       4.79           NA     11,574,300           —        —            —     464,700    11,109,600
                                   15,432,400   2024/10/24–2029/04/29 2029/04/30–2034/10/23         11.26     11.16       5.17           NA     15,432,400           —        —            —     619,600    14,812,800
                   2024/12/27         415,000   2024/12/27–2025/12/26 2025/12/27–2034/12/26         10.10     11.26       3.63           NA        415,000           —        —            —      50,000       365,000
                                      415,000   2024/12/27–2026/12/26 2026/12/27–2034/12/26         10.10     11.26       4.32           NA        415,000           —        —            —      50,000       365,000
                                      415,000   2024/12/27–2027/12/26 2027/12/27–2034/12/26         10.10     11.26       4.87           NA        415,000           —        —            —      50,000       365,000
                                      415,000   2024/12/27–2028/12/26 2028/12/27–2034/12/26         10.10     11.26       5.31           NA        415,000           —        —            —      50,000       365,000
                                       60,000   2024/12/27–2026/04/29 2026/04/30–2034/12/26         10.10     11.26       3.89           NA         60,000           —        —            —          —         60,000
                                      120,000   2024/12/27–2027/04/29 2027/04/30–2034/12/26         10.10     11.26       4.53           NA        120,000           —        —            —          —        120,000
                                      180,000   2024/12/27–2028/04/29 2028/04/30–2034/12/26         10.10     11.26       5.03           NA        180,000           —        —            —          —        180,000
                                      240,000   2024/12/27–2029/04/29 2029/04/30–2034/12/26         10.10     11.26       5.45           NA        240,000           —        —            —          —        240,000
                   2025/05/07         347,500   2025/05/07–2026/05/06 2026/05/07–2035/05/06         13.86     13.52       4.24           NA             —       347,500       —            —      50,000       297,500
                                      347,500   2025/05/07–2027/05/06 2027/05/07–2035/05/06         13.86     13.52       4.98           NA             —       347,500       —            —      50,000       297,500
                                      347,500   2025/05/07–2028/05/06 2028/05/07–2035/05/06         13.86     13.52       5.63           NA             —       347,500       —            —      50,000       297,500
                                      347,500   2025/05/07–2029/05/06 2029/05/07–2035/05/06         13.86     13.52       6.12           NA             —       347,500       —            —      50,000       297,500
                                      100,000   2025/05/07–2026/05/06 2026/05/07–2035/05/06         13.86     13.52       4.24           NA             —       100,000       —            —          —        100,000
                                      200,000   2025/05/07–2027/04/29 2027/04/30–2035/05/06         13.86     13.52       4.98           NA             —       200,000       —            —          —        200,000
                                      300,000   2025/05/07–2028/04/29 2028/04/30–2035/05/06         13.86     13.52       5.58           NA             —       300,000       —            —          —        300,000
                                      400,000   2025/05/07–2029/04/29 2029/04/30–2035/05/06         13.86     13.52       6.08           NA             —       400,000       —            —          —        400,000


  Total                                                                                                                                         204,714,956 63,390,000 8,495,676           —    9,166,200 250,443,080




Notes:


(1)         The Company conditionally granted 61,000,000 options to Mr. Chen Zhiping on 27 December 2024 as disclosed above subject to shareholders'
            approval. For more details, please refer to the Company's announcement dated 27 December 2024 and the Company's circular dated 8 January 2025.
            At the Feb 2025 EGM, the requisite approval were obtained from the shareholders and all conditions of the conditional grant to Mr. Chen Zhiping have
            been satisfied. Accordingly, the conditional grant of the 61,000,000 options became valid on 18 February 2025 and for the purpose of this table is
            considered a movement within the six months ended 30 June 2025.


(2)         Please refer to page 72 of this Interim Report for the accounting standard and policy adopted to calculate the fair value of the options.




                                                                               Smoore International Holdings Limited                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025                           45
OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



B. Share Award Scheme

     The Company adopted a share award scheme on 2 September 2021, which was amended and approved by the
     shareholders of the Company on 18 February 2025 (the “Share Award Scheme”). With effect from 1 January 2023,
     the Share Award Scheme is subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The purpose of the Share
     Award Scheme is to recognize and reward the contribution of certain eligible participants through the awarded shares
     to the growth and development of the Group and to provide incentives in order to retain them for continual operation
     and development of the Group; and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.


     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company has granted 1,614,000 awarded shares to certain selected
     participants in accordance with the terms of the Share Award Scheme on 7 May 2025.


     The number of awarded shares available for grant under the scheme mandate of the Share Award Scheme on 1
     January 2025 was 205,345,815 shares, and the number of awarded shares available for grant under the scheme
     mandate of the Share Award Scheme on 30 June 2025 was 307,802,148 shares.


     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, details of the movement of the awards granted under the Share Award
     Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                      Closing price                               average
                                                                       immediately                           closing price                                                           Number of
                                                                            before             Fair value as immediately Number of                                                     awards
                                                                        the date of Purchase at the date of     before the  awards as Granted        Vested Cancelled     Lapsed          as at
                                                                                           (1)
                       Date of      Number of                                 grant   price            grant vesting date at 1 January during the during the during the during the     30 June
      Grantee          grant          awards Vesting period                  (HKD)     (HKD)          (HKD)         (HKD)         2025     period     period     period     period        2025


      Xiong Shaoming   2023/8/23       24,700 2025/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA        24,700          —          —          —          —       24,700
          (Director)                   24,700 2026/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA        24,700          —          —          —          —       24,700
                                       24,700 2027/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA        24,700          —          —          —          —       24,700
                       2024/10/24      15,425 2025/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        15,425          —          —          —          —       15,425
                                       15,425 2026/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        15,425          —          —          —          —       15,425
                                       15,425 2027/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        15,425          —          —          —          —       15,425
                                       15,425 2028/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        15,425          —          —          —          —       15,425
      Wang Guisheng    2023/8/23       45,600 2025/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA        45,600          —          —          —          —       45,600
         (Director)                    45,600 2026/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA        45,600          —          —          —          —       45,600
                                       45,600 2027/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA        45,600          —          —          —          —       45,600
                       2024/10/24      21,975 2025/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        21,975          —          —          —          —       21,975
                                       21,975 2026/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        21,975          —          —          —          —       21,975
                                       21,975 2027/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        21,975          —          —          —          —       21,975
                                       21,975 2028/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        21,975          —          —          —          —       21,975
                                       91,300 2026/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        91,300          —          —          —          —       91,300
                                      182,600 2027/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA       182,600          —          —          —          —      182,600
                                      273,900 2028/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA       273,900          —          —          —          —      273,900
                                      365,200 2029/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA       365,200          —          —          —          —      365,200




46    Smoore International Holdings Limited                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



                                                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                              Closing price                               average
                                                                               immediately                           closing price                                                           Number of
                                                                                    before             Fair value as immediately Number of                                                     awards
                                                                                the date of Purchase at the date of     before the  awards as Granted        Vested Cancelled     Lapsed          as at
                                                                                                   (1)
                               Date of      Number of                                 grant   price            grant vesting date at 1 January during the during the during the during the     30 June
Grantee                        grant          awards Vesting period                  (HKD)     (HKD)          (HKD)         (HKD)         2025     period     period     period     period        2025


Wang Xin                       2023/8/23       29,225 2025/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA        29,225          —         —           —         —        29,225
   (Director)                                  29,225 2026/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA        29,225          —         —           —         —        29,225
                                               29,225 2027/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA        29,225          —         —           —         —        29,225
                               2024/10/24      23,825 2025/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        23,825          —         —           —         —        23,825
                                               23,825 2026/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        23,825          —         —           —         —        23,825
                                               23,825 2027/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        23,825          —         —           —         —        23,825
                                               23,825 2028/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        23,825          —         —           —         —        23,825
                                               35,800 2026/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        35,800          —         —           —         —        35,800
                                               71,600 2027/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        71,600          —         —           —         —        71,600
                                              107,400 2028/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA       107,400          —         —           —         —       107,400
                                              143,200 2029/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA       143,200          —         —           —         —       143,200
Bu Zhiqiang                    2023/8/23       11,200 2025/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA        11,200          —         —           —         —        11,200
    (Associate of Director)                    11,200 2026/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA        11,200          —         —           —         —        11,200
                                               11,200 2027/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA        11,200          —         —           —         —        11,200
                               2024/10/24       6,450 2025/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         6,450          —         —           —         —         6,450
                                                6,450 2026/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         6,450          —         —           —         —         6,450
                                                6,450 2027/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         6,450          —         —           —         —         6,450
                                                6,450 2028/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         6,450          —         —           —         —         6,450
                                                5,000 2026/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         5,000          —         —           —         —         5,000
                                               10,000 2027/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        10,000          —         —           —         —        10,000
                                               15,000 2028/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        15,000          —         —           —         —        15,000
                                               20,000 2029/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        20,000          —         —           —         —        20,000
Li Xiaoping                    2023/8/23        7,300 2025/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA         7,300          —         —           —         —         7,300
     (Associate of Director)                    7,300 2026/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA         7,300          —         —           —         —         7,300
                                                7,300 2027/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA         7,300          —         —           —         —         7,300
                               2024/10/24       8,150 2025/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         8,150          —         —           —         —         8,150
                                                8,150 2026/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         8,150          —         —           —         —         8,150
                                                8,150 2027/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         8,150          —         —           —         —         8,150
                                                8,150 2028/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         8,150          —         —           —         —         8,150
                                                8,000 2026/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         8,000          —         —           —         —         8,000
                                               16,000 2027/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        16,000          —         —           —         —        16,000
                                               24,000 2028/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        24,000          —         —           —         —        24,000
                                               32,000 2029/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        32,000          —         —           —         —        32,000
Yuan Xiang                     2023/8/23        3,225 2025/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA         3,225          —         —           —         —         3,225
   (Associate of Director)                      3,225 2026/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA         3,225          —         —           —         —         3,225
                                                3,225 2027/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA         3,225          —         —           —         —         3,225
                               2024/10/24       2,825 2025/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         2,825          —         —           —         —         2,825
                                                2,825 2026/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         2,825          —         —           —         —         2,825
                                                2,825 2027/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         2,825          —         —           —         —         2,825
                                                2,825 2028/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         2,825          —         —           —         —         2,825
Bu Weiqiang                    2023/8/23        8,925 2025/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA         8,925          —         —           —         —         8,925
   (Associate of Director)                      8,925 2026/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA         8,925          —         —           —         —         8,925
                                                8,925 2027/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA         8,925          —         —           —         —         8,925
                               2024/10/24       7,475 2025/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         7,475          —         —           —         —         7,475
                                                7,475 2026/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         7,475          —         —           —         —         7,475
                                                7,475 2027/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         7,475          —         —           —         —         7,475
                                                7,475 2028/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         7,475          —         —           —         —         7,475
                                                9,200 2026/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA         9,200          —         —           —         —         9,200
                                               18,400 2027/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        18,400          —         —           —         —        18,400
                                               27,600 2028/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        27,600          —         —           —         —        27,600
                                               36,800 2029/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        36,800          —         —           —         —        36,800
Other employees                2021/12/24     570,000 2025/4/1–2031/12/23            39.40        —          39.35         13.26       97,500          —     97,500          —         —            —
    (Not Directors)                            90,000 2025/7/9–2031/12/23            39.40        —          39.35           NA        70,000          —         —           —         —        70,000
                                              570,575 2024/9/30–2031/12/23           39.40        —          39.35           NA       125,000          —         —           —         —       125,000
                                              445,575 2025/9/30–2031/12/23           39.40        —          39.35           NA       263,375          —         —           —    130,825      132,550
Other employees                2022/1/4       235,000 2025/1/4–2032/1/3              37.10        —          35.00         14.12      200,000          —    200,000          —         —            —
    (Not Directors)                           235,000 2026/1/4–2032/1/3              37.10        —          35.00           NA       200,000          —         —           —         —       200,000




                                                                  Smoore International Holdings Limited                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025                         47
OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



                                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                           Closing price                               average
                                                                            immediately                           closing price                                                           Number of
                                                                                 before             Fair value as immediately Number of                                                     awards
                                                                             the date of Purchase at the date of     before the  awards as Granted        Vested Cancelled     Lapsed          as at
                                                                                                (1)
                           Date of      Number of                                  grant   price            grant vesting date at 1 January during the during the during the during the     30 June
     Grantee               grant          awards Vesting period                   (HKD)     (HKD)          (HKD)         (HKD)         2025     period     period     period     period        2025


     Other employees       2022/4/19     1,588,500 2024/4/19–2032/4/18            18.46        —          17.18           NA            250         —        —            —          —           250
         (Not Directors)                 1,588,500 2025/4/19–2032/4/18            18.46        —          17.18         11.50     1,086,000         — 1,049,000           —      32,750        4,250
                                         1,588,500 2026/4/19–2032/4/18            18.46        —          17.18           NA      1,086,000         —        —            —      66,500    1,019,500
                                           614,250 2027/4/19–2032/4/18            18.46        —          17.18           NA        406,000         —        —            —      19,750      386,250
     Other employees       2022/7/21       244,000 2025/7/21–2032/7/20            20.60        —          20.35           NA         54,000         —        —            —       2,500       51,500
         (Not Directors)                   244,000 2026/7/21–2032/7/20            20.60        —          20.35           NA         54,000         —        —            —       2,500       51,500
     Other employees       2022/11/10      171,000 2024/11/10–2032/11/09          11.02        —          10.70           NA         10,000         —        —            —          —        10,000
         (Not Directors)                   171,000 2025/11/10–2032/11/09          11.02        —          10.70           NA        118,875         —        —            —      10,000      108,875
                                           171,000 2026/11/10–2032/11/09          11.02        —          10.70           NA        118,875         —        —            —      10,000      108,875
     Other employees       2022/12/28      199,625 2025/12/28–2032/12/27          12.78        —          12.96           NA         47,500         —        —            —      25,000       22,500
         (Not Directors)                   199,625 2026/12/28–2032/12/27          12.78        —          12.96           NA         47,500         —        —            —      25,000       22,500
     Other employees       2023/4/19       433,000 2025/4/19–2033/4/18             9.95        —           9.62         11.50       159,250         —    159,250          —         —             —
         (Not Directors)                   433,000 2026/4/19–2033/4/18             9.95        —           9.62           NA        159,250         —         —           —         —        159,250
                                           428,000 2027/4/19–2033/4/18             9.95        —           9.62           NA        159,250         —         —           —         —        159,250
     Other employees       2023/7/20       479,250 2025/7/20–2033/7/19             7.88        —           8.16           NA         50,000         —         —           —         —         50,000
         (Not Directors)                   479,250 2026/7/20–2033/7/19             7.88        —           8.16           NA         50,000         —         —           —         —         50,000
                                           479,250 2027/7/20–2033/7/19             7.88        —           8.16           NA         50,000         —         —           —         —         50,000
     Other employees       2023/8/23     6,144,675 2024/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA            900         —         —           —         —            900
         (Not Directors)                 6,144,675 2025/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA      5,580,400         —         —           —    195,675     5,384,725
                                         6,144,675 2026/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA      5,580,400         —         —           —    195,675     5,384,725
                                         6,144,675 2027/8/23–2033/8/22             7.63        —           7.20           NA      5,580,400         —         —           —    195,675     5,384,725
     Other employees       2023/10/20      162,125 2025/10/20–2033/10/19           5.97        —           5.82           NA         67,500         —         —           —         —         67,500
         (Not Directors)                   162,125 2026/10/20–2033/10/19           5.97        —           5.82           NA         67,500         —         —           —         —         67,500
                                           162,125 2027/10/20–2033/10/19           5.97        —           5.82           NA         67,500         —         —           —         —         67,500
     Other employees       2024/3/27        97,500 2025/3/27–2034/3/26             6.55        —           6.60         13.44        87,500         —     77,500          —     10,000            —
         (Not Directors)                    97,500 2026/3/27–2034/3/26             6.55        —           6.60           NA         87,500         —         —           —     10,000        77,500
                                            97,500 2027/3/27–2034/3/26             6.55        —           6.60           NA         87,500         —         —           —     10,000        77,500
                                            97,500 2028/3/27–2034/3/26             6.55        —           6.60           NA         87,500         —         —           —     10,000        77,500
     Other employees       2024/7/4        180,000 2025/7/4–2034/7/3               8.57        —           8.68           NA        165,000         —         —           —     40,000       125,000
         (Not Directors)                   180,000 2026/7/4–2034/7/3               8.57        —           8.68           NA        165,000         —         —           —     40,000       125,000
                                           180,000 2027/7/4–2034/7/3               8.57        —           8.68           NA        165,000         —         —           —     40,000       125,000
                                           180,000 2028/7/4–2034/7/3               8.57        —           8.68           NA        165,000         —         —           —     40,000       125,000
     Other employees       2024/10/24      231,375 2025/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        231,375         —         —           —    127,125       104,250
         (Not Directors)                   231,375 2026/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        231,375         —         —           —    127,125       104,250
                                           231,375 2027/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        231,375         —         —           —    127,125       104,250
                                           231,375 2028/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA        231,375         —         —           —    127,125       104,250
                                         5,159,450 2025/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA      5,116,650         —         —           —    202,625     4,914,025
                                         5,159,450 2026/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA      5,116,650         —         —           —    202,625     4,914,025
                                         5,159,450 2027/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA      5,116,650         —         —           —    202,625     4,914,025
                                         5,159,450 2028/10/24–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA      5,116,650         —         —           —    202,625     4,914,025
                                         4,352,200 2026/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA      4,352,200         —         —           —    165,000     4,187,200
                                         8,704,400 2027/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA      8,704,400         —         —           —    330,000     8,374,400
                                        13,056,600 2028/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA     13,056,600         —         —           —    495,000    12,561,600
                                        17,408,800 2029/04/30–2034/10/23          11.26        —          10.82           NA     17,408,800         —         —           —    660,000    16,748,800
     Other employees       2024/12/27      204,000 2025/12/27–2034/12/26          10.10        —          11.26           NA        204,000         —         —           —      5,000       199,000
         (Not Directors)                   204,000 2026/12/27–2034/12/26          10.10        —          11.26           NA        204,000         —         —           —      5,000       199,000
                                           204,000 2027/12/27–2034/12/26          10.10        —          11.26           NA        204,000         —         —           —      5,000       199,000
                                           204,000 2028/12/27–2034/12/26          10.10        —          11.26           NA        204,000         —         —           —      5,000       199,000
                                            60,000 2026/4/30–2034/12/26           10.10        —          11.26           NA         60,000         —         —           —         —         60,000
                                           120,000 2027/4/30–2034/12/26           10.10        —          11.26           NA        120,000         —         —           —         —        120,000
                                           180,000 2028/4/30–2034/12/26           10.10        —          11.26           NA        180,000         —         —           —         —        180,000
                                           240,000 2029/4/30–2034/12/26           10.10        —          11.26           NA        240,000         —         —           —         —        240,000




48   Smoore International Holdings Limited                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                                  OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                            Closing price                               average
                                                                             immediately                           closing price                                                           Number of
                                                                                  before             Fair value as immediately Number of                                                     awards
                                                                              the date of Purchase at the date of     before the  awards as Granted        Vested Cancelled     Lapsed          as at
                                                                                                 (1)
                                  Date of    Number of                              grant   price            grant vesting date at 1 January during the during the during the during the     30 June
          Grantee                 grant        awards Vesting period               (HKD)     (HKD)          (HKD)         (HKD)         2025     period     period     period     period        2025


          Other employees         2025/5/7     125,500 2026/5/7–2035/5/6           13.86        —          13.52           NA             —    125,500          —          —          —      125,500
              (Not Directors)                  125,500 2027/5/7–2035/5/6           13.86        —          13.52           NA             —    125,500          —          —          —      125,500
                                               125,500 2028/5/7–2035/5/6           13.86        —          13.52           NA             —    125,500          —          —          —      125,500
                                               125,500 2029/5/7–2035/5/6           13.86        —          13.52           NA             —    125,500          —          —          —      125,500
                                               100,000 2026/5/7–2035/5/6           13.86        —          13.52           NA             —    100,000          —          —          —      100,000
                                               200,000 2027/4/30–2035/5/6          13.86        —          13.52           NA             —    200,000          —          —          —      200,000
                                               300,000 2028/4/30–2035/5/6          13.86        —          13.52           NA             —    300,000          —          —          —      300,000
                                               400,000 2029/4/30–2035/5/6          13.86        —          13.52           NA             —    400,000          —          —          —      400,000
                                               112,000 2026/5/7–2035/5/6           13.86        —          13.52           NA             —    112,000          —          —          —      112,000


          Total                                                                                                                   91,125,350 1,614,000 1,583,250           — 4,100,850     87,055,250



        Notes:


        (1)         To be in line with the purpose of the Share Award Scheme and to maximize the incentive effect of the awarded shares, there is no purchase price
                    for any of the awarded shares granted under the Share Award Scheme.


        (2)         Please refer to page 73 of this Interim Report for the accounting standard and policy adopted to calculate the fair value of the awards.




Pledge of Controlling Shareholder’s Equity

During the Review Period and as at 30 June 2025, there is no pledge of Shares by controlling shareholders of the Company.



Exchangeable Bonds Issued by Controlling Shareholder

Reference is made to the announcements of the Company dated 12 November 2021, 30 June 2022, 4 November 2022, 3
July 2023, 12 October 2023, 5 August 2024 and 7 January 2025, and capitalized terms in this section shall have the same
meaning as defined in such announcements. In relation to US$350,000,000 Secured Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds (the “Bonds”)
due 2026 of the controlling shareholders of the Company, the Company was informed by EVE Battery that, the Bonds had
been delisted from the Stock Exchange on 23 December 2024, and as a result, EVE Battery’s pledge of 60,909,821 ordinary
shares of the Company was fully released.



Adequacy of Public Float

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, at least 25%
of the Company’s total issued shares (excluding treasury shares) was held by the public for the six months ended 30 June
2025.




                                                                    Smoore International Holdings Limited                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025                          49
OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



Use of Proceeds from the Global Offering

The shares of the Company were successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 10 July 2020 by offering a
total of 660,504,000 shares (including the issuance of the over-allotment shares upon the full exercise of the over-allotment
option) at offer price of HK$12.40 per share (the “Listing”). The gross and net proceeds raised by the Company from the
Listing were approximately HK$8,190.3 million and approximately HK$7,909.9 million, respectively.

The net proceeds from the Listing have been and will be utilized in the same manner and proportion as set out in the
prospectus of the Company dated 29 June 2020 under the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds”. The
table below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage as of 30 June 2025:

                                                                                                                            Unutilized
                                                                   Amount of                                                  amount
                                           Approximate          net proceeds         Actual usage      Actual usage              as at
                                          percentage of             allocated           during the             up to         30 June         Expected
     Use of proceeds                       total amount          upon Listing       Review Period      30 June 2025              2025         timeline
                                                                  (HK$ million)       (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)

     (i) Expand our production                        50%              3,954.9                24.8            1,356.0          2,598.9 By the end of
           capacity, including the                                                                                                             2026
           establishment of industrial
           parks in Jiangmen and
           Shenzhen, Guangdong
           Province**
     (ii) Implement automated                         25%              1,977.5                  —             1,977.5                —                —
           production and assembly
           lines at our new production
           bases, upgrade our
           group-level ERP system
           and upgrade our existing
           factories
     (iii) Invest in research and                     20%              1,582.0                  —             1,582.0                —                —
           development, including
           building a group-level
           research center in
           Shenzhen, developing
           new heating technology
           and paying for product
           certification expenses
     (iv) Provide funding for our                      5%                395.5                  —               395.5                —                —
           working capital and
           other general corporate
           purposes

                                                    100%               7,909.9                24.8            5,311.0          2,598.9


*        The figures above are rounded to the nearest one decimal place and may not add up due to rounding.


**       According to the Measures for the Administration of Electronic Cigarettes (《電子煙管理辦法》) published on 11 March 2022, e-cigarette manufacturers
         should obtain tobacco monopoly production enterprise license. The Group has obtained the relevant licenses, and any future expansion of production
         capacity in Mainland of China must comply with the relevant regulations.


50         Smoore International Holdings Limited                          INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                   OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



Placing

On 27 January 2021, the Company, Aletech Holding Limited (“Top-up Vendor”), and CLSA Limited (“Placing Agent”)
entered into the placing and subscription agreement. Pursuant to which, the Top-up Vendor agreed to sell, and the Placing
Agent agreed to procure purchasers to purchase, the 60,000,000 shares of the Company held by Top-up Vendor at a price
of HK$74.40 per share (the “Placing”). Subject to completion of the Placing, the Top-up Vendor agreed to subscribe for
60,000,000 new shares of the Company at a subscription price of HK$74.40 per share (the “Subscription”). The net share
price for the Subscription after deduction of all expenses incurred by the Top-up Vendor, including legal fees and fees of
other advisers, in connection with the Subscription is approximately HK$74.09 per subscription share. The market price of
the shares on the date when the terms of the Placing and Subscription were determined (i.e. 27 January 2021) was HK$80.

The Placing and the Subscription were completed on 1 February 2021 and 4 February 2021, respectively. The Company’s
net proceeds for the Placing and Subscription (after deducting related costs and expenses) were approximately HK$4,445.5
million, equivalent to approximately RMB3,705.6 million.

For details of the Placing and Subscription, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 27 January 2021, 28
January 2021 and 4 February 2021. There is no change as to the intended use of proceeds as previously disclosed by the
Company.

The intended and actual use of proceeds from the Placing and the Subscription up to 30 June 2025 are set out as follows:

                                                                                                                           Unutilized
                                          Approximate             Amount of         Actual usage      Actual usage        amount as
                                         percentage of         net proceeds            during the             up to       at 30 June        Expected
    Intended use of proceeds              total amount             allocated       Review Period      30 June 2025              2025         timeline
                                                                (HK$ million)        (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)


    (i) Expansion of production                      55%              2,445.0                59.5              640.8          1,804.2 By the end of
          capacity*                                                                                                                           2026
    (ii) Allocating more resources                   10%                444.5                  —                   —            444.5 By the end of
          and funds in the PMTA                                                                                                               2026
          application for more
          products rollout in the
          market of the United States
          once approved
    (iii) Investing in the R&D on                    35%              1,556.0                  —             1,556.0                —                —
          the atomization devices
          for healthcare and
          pharmaceutical industry


                                                   100%               4,445.5                59.5            2,196.8          2,248.7

*       According to the Measures for the Administration of Electronic Cigarettes (《電子煙管理辦法》) published on 11 March 2022, e-cigarette manufacturers
        should obtain tobacco monopoly production enterprise license. The Group has obtained the relevant licenses, and any future expansion of production
        capacity in Mainland of China must comply with the relevant regulations.




                                                          Smoore International Holdings Limited                     INTERIM REPORT 2025               51
OTHER INFORMATION (CONTINUED)



Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules

According to paragraph 40 of Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules headed “Disclosure of Financial Information”, save as
disclosed in this interim report, the Company confirms that the Company’s current information in relation to those matters
set out in paragraph 32 of Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules has not been changed materially from the information disclosed
in the Company’s 2024 annual report.



Review of Accounts

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the independent auditor of the Company, has reviewed the unaudited condensed consolidated
interim financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2025 in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review
Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.



Events after the Review Period

There are no material events that are required to be disclosed by the Company after 30 June 2025.




52     Smoore International Holdings Limited               INTERIM REPORT 2025
            REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
SMOORE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
思摩爾國際控股有限公司
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)



Introduction
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Smoore International Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 54 to 78, which comprise the condensed
consolidated statement of financial position as of 30 June 2025 and the related condensed consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed
consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated
financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require
the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong
Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these
condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion
on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as
a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.



Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” as issued by the HKICPA. A review of these
condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and
accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit
conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance
that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an
audit opinion.



Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated financial
statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.


Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
20 August 2025

                                                Smoore International Holdings Limited          INTERIM REPORT 2025        53
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                         NOTE        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                   (unaudited)      (unaudited)


  Revenue                                                                  4        6,013,290        5,083,554
  Cost of revenue                                                                   (3,769,440)     (3,159,603)


  Gross profit                                                                       2,243,850       1,923,951
  Other income and expenses                                                           349,691         385,635
  Distribution and selling expenses                                                   (491,229)       (374,516)
  Administrative expenses                                                             (609,548)       (339,229)
  Research and development expenses                                                   (722,564)       (760,112)
  Finance costs                                                                        (13,619)        (18,512)
  Other gains and losses                                                   5           (55,177)         (6,051)
  Impairment loss recognised on trade receivables, net                                  (2,669)            389


  Profit before tax                                                                   698,735         811,555
  Income tax expense                                                       6          (206,581)       (128,357)


  Profit for the period                                                    7          492,154         683,198


  Other comprehensive income:
  Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                   9,012         41,399


  Other comprehensive income for the period                                              9,012         41,399


  Total comprehensive income for the period                                           501,166         724,597


  Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to
     shareholders of the Company                                                      501,166         724,597


  Earnings per share                                                       9
     Basic (RMB cents)                                                                    8.08           11.20


     Diluted (RMB cents)                                                                  7.96           11.11




54     Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025
                             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                               FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                   At 30 June 2025




                                                                                             At               At
                                                                                       30 June     31 December
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                    NOTES             RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)        (audited)


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                         10              4,989,627       4,637,073
Intangible assets                                                                       369,205         196,363
Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                          173,632         258,745
Deferred tax assets                                                                      38,610          34,904
Long-term bank deposits                                                               2,086,060       3,106,699
Rental deposits                                                                          32,572          21,449
Other financial assets                                                                5,134,508       2,552,717


                                                                                     12,824,214      10,807,950


Current assets
Inventories                                                                           1,003,180         910,425
Trade and bills receivables                                           11              2,015,323       2,084,825
Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                             888,375         769,816
Contract costs                                                                            4,313              —
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                       1,231,334             857
Restricted bank deposits                                                                    138         590,195
Short-term bank deposits over three months                                            4,153,173       7,319,610
Bank balances and cash                                                                5,211,753       5,170,700


                                                                                     14,507,589      16,846,428


Current liabilities
Trade and bills payables                                              12              1,241,857       1,369,576
Other payables and accrued expenses                                                   1,639,220       1,721,052
Tax payables                                                                            166,311          76,638
Contract liabilities                                                                    609,763         399,947
Lease liabilities                                                                       131,938         115,789
Deferred income                                                                           1,922           1,863
Advances drawn on bills receivables discounted with recourse                            518,000       1,574,500


                                                                                      4,309,011       5,259,365


Net current assets                                                                   10,198,578      11,587,063


Total assets less current liabilities                                                23,022,792      22,395,013


                                             Smoore International Holdings Limited    INTERIM REPORT 2025      55
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)
At 30 June 2025




                                                                                    At              At
                                                                              30 June     31 December
                                                                                 2025           2024
                                                                     NOTE    RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                            (unaudited)       (audited)


 Non-current liabilities
 Lease liabilities                                                            275,852         190,214
 Deferred income                                                               13,397          13,965
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                     287,989         286,123


                                                                              577,238         490,302


 Net assets                                                                 22,445,554     21,904,711


 Capital and reserves
 Share capital                                                         13     431,909         431,299
 Reserves                                                                   21,994,903     21,465,789


 Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                         22,426,812     21,897,088
 Non-controlling interests                                                     18,742           7,623


 Total equity                                                               22,445,554     21,904,711




56    Smoore International Holdings Limited           INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                                     CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                   Capital      Share        Share Shares held                                                                           Non-
                                          Share       Share    redemption      option       award under share       Statutory          Other Translation    Retained                controlling
                                         capital   premium         reserve    reserve      reserve award scheme       reserve       reserve     reserve       profits   Subtotal      Subtotal      Total
                                        RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (Note i)      (Note ii)


       At 1 January 2024 (audited)      428,272 8,108,033           1,313     528,892     135,733       (214,351)      66,287     (1,194,032)     (93,978) 13,643,440 21,409,609            — 21,409,609
       Profit for the period                 —         —               —           —           —              —            —              —            —      683,198    683,198            —    683,198
       Other comprehensive income for
           the period                         —          —             —           —            —             —             —             —       41,399          —       41,399            —      41,399


       Total comprehensive income for
           the period                         —          —             —           —            —             —             —             —       41,399     683,198     724,597            —     724,597


       Recognition of share-based
           payment expenses                  —           —             —       33,457      36,196             —             —             —           —           —       69,653            —      69,653
       Exercise of share options             71       2,672            —        (2,363)        —              —             —             —           —           —          380            —         380
       Vesting of shares under share
           award scheme                       —       7,800            —           —       (29,216)      21,416             —             —           —           —           —             —           —
       Purchase of shares under share
           award scheme                       —          —             —           —            —       (603,738)           —             —           —           —     (603,738)           —     (603,738)
       Dividends recognised as
           distribution (Note 8)              —    (275,861)           —           —            —             —             —             —           —           —     (275,861)           —     (275,861)


       At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)      428,343 7,842,644           1,313     559,986     142,713       (796,673)      66,287     (1,194,032)     (52,579) 14,326,638 21,324,640            — 21,324,640


       At 1 January 2025 (audited)      431,299 7,681,080           1,313     405,821      94,882      (738,726)       75,714     (1,194,032)     19,680 15,120,057 21,897,088           7,623 21,904,711
       Profit for the period                 —         —               —           —           —             —             —              —           —     492,154    492,154              —     492,154
       Other comprehensive income for
           the period                         —          —             —           —            —             —             —             —        9,012          —        9,012            —        9,012


       Total comprehensive income for
           the period                         —          —             —           —            —             —             —             —        9,012     492,154     501,166            —     501,166


       Recognition of share-based
           payment expenses                   —          —             —      113,320     120,817             —             —             —           —           —      234,137            —     234,137
       Recognition of share-based
           payment expenses of a
           subsidiary                        —           —             —           —            —             —             —             —           —           —           —         11,119     11,119
       Exercise of share options            610      91,950            —      (18,831)          —             —             —             —           —           —       73,729            —      73,729
       Lapsed of share options               —           —             —      (31,347)          —             —             —             —           —       31,347          —             —          —
       Vesting of shares under share
           award scheme                       —      12,500            —           —       (25,372)      12,872             —             —           —           —           —             —           —
       Lapsed of shares under share
           award scheme                       —          —             —           —       (16,887)           —             —             —           —       16,887          —             —           —
       Dividends recognised as
           distribution (Note 8)              —    (283,456)           —           —            —         4,148             —             —           —           —     (279,308)           —     (279,308)


       At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)      431,909 7,502,074           1,313     468,963     173,440      (721,706)       75,714     (1,194,032)     28,692 15,660,445 22,426,812          18,742 22,445,554


Notes:


(i)          Pursuant to the relevant laws in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), each of the subsidiaries established in the PRC is required to transfer at least
             10% of its profit after taxation to the statutory reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of their registered capital. Transfer to this reserve must be made
             before distributing dividends to equity holders. The statutory reserve can be used to make up for previous years’ losses, expand the existing operations
             or convert into additional capital of the subsidiaries.


(ii)         Other reserve represents i) the difference between the share capital and share premium of Smoore Shenzhen Technology Co,. Ltd (“Smoore
             Shenzhen”), a subsidiary of the Company, and cash considerations for the acquisition of 95% and 5% interest in Smoore Shenzhen by Smoore (Hong
             Kong) Limited and Smile Baby Investment Limited, the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, respectively; and ii) the difference between the par
             value and fair value of convertible preferred shares of the Company at the date of issuance as part of the group reorganisation in prior year.


                                                                             Smoore International Holdings Limited                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025                       57
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                          (unaudited)      (unaudited)


  NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                         813,755         602,829


  INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                   (428,143)       (402,857)
  Purchase of intangible assets                                                                (7,483)         (9,135)
  Development costs paid                                                                     (179,542)             —
  Placement of restricted bank deposits                                                          (138)       (355,215)
  Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits                                                     590,195              681
  Placement of long-term bank deposits                                                             —       (2,000,000)
  Placement of short-term bank deposits over three months                                  (4,286,764)     (5,685,760)
  Withdrawal of short-term bank deposits over three months                                  8,450,137       9,083,515
  Purchase of other financial assets at amortised cost                                     (2,505,510)             —
  Placement of other financial assets at FVTPL                                             (3,540,658)       (600,000)
  Withdrawal of other financial assets at FVTPL                                             2,318,411              —
  Payments for rental deposits                                                                (20,891)         (6,905)
  Refund of rental deposits upon termination of leases                                         2,814            7,408
  Interest received                                                                          147,048         236,177
  Government grants received                                                                     498               —


  NET CASH FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                         539,974         267,909


  FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Proceeds from issue of shares upon exercise of share options                                73,729              380
  Dividends paid                                                                             (279,317)       (276,037)
  Repayment of lease liabilities                                                              (68,254)        (50,797)
  Interest paid                                                                               (13,619)        (18,512)
  Advances drawn on bills receivables discounted with recourse                               563,057        1,280,829
  Repayment of bank borrowing relating to bills receivables discounted with recourse       (1,574,500)             —
  Purchase of shares under share award scheme                                                      —         (603,738)


  NET CASH (USED IN) FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                             (1,298,904)       332,125




58     Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                            CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                         CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                     2025            2024
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                             (unaudited)       (unaudited)


NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                          54,825       1,202,863


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD                             5,170,700      5,332,076


EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES                                            (13,772)            (68)


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE PERIOD,
 represented by bank balances and cash                                           5,211,753      6,534,871




                                         Smoore International Holdings Limited   INTERIM REPORT 2025     59
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




1. General Information

     Smoore International Holdings Limited (“the Company”) was incorporated and registered as an exempted company
     with limited liability in the Cayman Islands under the Companies Law, Cap. 22 on 22 July 2019. The Company’s shares
     were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 10 July 2020.
     The addresses of the Company’s registered office and principal place of business are Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive,
     PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands and Office B, 28/F, EGL Tower, No. 83 Hung To Road,
     Kowloon, Hong Kong, respectively.


     The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of the Group are (1) Corporate Client Oriented
     Business (“ToB Business”) focuses on the research, design, and manufacturing of vaping products, heat-not-burn
     (“HNB”) products, special purpose atomization products and inhalation therapy products for leading global tobacco
     companies, independent vaping brands, and other corporate clients. The Group also provides technological services
     related to these products; (2) Self-Branded Business focuses on the research, design, manufacturing, and sales of self-
     branded electronic vaping products and beauty atomization products.


     The condensed consolidated financial statements of Group are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as
     the functional currency of the Company.



2. Basis of Preparation

     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
     Standard 34 (“HKAS 34”) “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants (“HKICPA”) as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of
     Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.



3. Principal Accounting Policies

     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
     financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.


     Other than additional accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards
     and application of certain accounting policies which became relevant to the Group, the accounting policies and
     methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June
     2025 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December
     2024.




60    Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2025




3. Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)

   Application of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards
   In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard
   issued by the HKICPA, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1
   January 2025 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:


   Amendments to HKAS 21                        Lack of Exchangeabiity

   The application of the amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current interim period has had no material
   impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures
   set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.



4. Revenue and Segment Information

   (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)        (unaudited)


           Corporate client oriented business                                             4,738,984         3,966,811
           Self-branded business                                                          1,274,306         1,116,743


           Total revenue                                                                  6,013,290         5,083,554


                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)        (unaudited)


           Timing of revenue recognition for contracts with customers
           At a point in time                                                             5,847,159         5,037,242
           Over time                                                                        166,131            46,312


           Total revenue                                                                  6,013,290         5,083,554




                                         Smoore International Holdings Limited            INTERIM REPORT 2025        61
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




4. Revenue and Segment Information (Continued)

     (ii) Revenue accounting policies and performance obligations for contracts with
          customers
          Sales of goods
          Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being when the goods
          have been shipped to the customer’s specific location (the “delivery”). Following the delivery, the customer has
          full discretion over the manner of distribution and price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility on selling
          the goods and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods. The normal credit term is 0 to
          105 days upon the delivery.


          Technology service income
          The Group entered into research and development agreements with customers. The Group earns revenue by
          providing research services to the customers, and the revenue is recognised over time as these services met
          one of the following criteria: The customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by the
          Group’s performance as the Group performs; or the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an
          alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed
          to date. The Group generally measures the progress using output method or input method. Under the output
          method, the progress of performance determined based on the goods or services delivered to customers. Under
          the input method, the progress of performance determined based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the
          total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation.


     (iii) The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segment:

                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                             (unaudited)          (unaudited)


             Segment revenue                                                                   6,013,290          5,083,554


             Segment profit                                                                      706,408            820,065
             Unallocated losses                                                                   (13,622)           (19,232)
             Unallocated income                                                                     9,889             13,178
             Unallocated expenses                                                                  (3,940)             (2,456)


             Profit before tax                                                                   698,735            811,555




62    Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2025




4. Revenue and Segment Information (Continued)

   (iii) The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segment: (Continued)
        The Group has one operating segment based on information reported to the chief operating decision maker (the
        “CODM”) of the Group, being the executive directors of the Company, for the purpose of resource allocation
        and performance assessment, which is the consolidated results of the Group. No analysis of segment assets or
        segment liabilities is presented as such information is not regularly provided to the CODM.


        The accounting policies of the operating segment is the same as the Group’s accounting policies. Segment profit
        represents profit earned from the segment without allocation of profit or loss generated by the holding company.
        This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment.


   (iv) Geographical information
        The following table sets out information about the Group’s revenue from external customers by the location of
        customers:


                                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                         (unaudited)            (unaudited)


           Hong Kong, China (Note)                                                                         2,128,271             1,858,625
           United Kingdom                                                                                  1,501,465             1,149,981
           United States of America                                                                           648,850               567,266
           Mainland China                                                                                     417,262               364,777
           The Republic of Croatia                                                                            222,905                92,588
           France                                                                                             161,195               160,310
           Malaysia                                                                                           124,464                  2,023
           Japan                                                                                              118,811               114,880
           Canada                                                                                             101,353                81,652
           Others                                                                                             588,714               691,452


                                                                                                           6,013,290             5,083,554


        Note:   Revenue generated from Hong Kong, China are on re-export or trans-shipment basis and none of the Group’s products are distributed
                or sold in Hong Kong, China.



        The Group’s non-current assets are substantially located in the Mainland of China by location of assets and no
        geographical information is presented.




                                                Smoore International Holdings Limited                       INTERIM REPORT 2025              63
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




5. Other Gains and Losses

                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)      (unaudited)


       Net foreign exchange (loss) gain                                              (37,238)          8,134
       Loss arising on forward foreign exchange contracts/swap contracts                (482)             —
       Gain arising on short-term bank deposits with variable interest rate           5,524            1,118
       Gain arising on debt instrument                                                2,498               —
       Gain on early termination of leases                                              258              396
       Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                   (25,737)        (22,935)
       Others                                                                             —            7,236


                                                                                     (55,177)         (6,051)




6. Income Tax Expense

                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)      (unaudited)


       Mainland China Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                  78,729          87,985
       Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                         34,729          11,882
       Other countries and regions                                                   94,963            1,588


                                                                                    208,421         101,455
       Deferred tax                                                                   (1,840)        26,902


                                                                                    206,581         128,357




64    Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2025




6. Income Tax Expense (Continued)

   Under the Law of the Mainland China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the
   EIT Law, the tax rate of the Mainland China subsidiaries is 25% except for certain subsidiaries of the Company in the
   Mainland of China were approved as High and New Technology Enterprise, and they were subject to a preferential
   corporate income tax rate of 15% for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024. The qualification as a High and
   New Technology Enterprise is subject to review by the relevant tax authority in the Mainland China for every three
   years.


   The Group is subject to the global minimum top-up tax under the Pillar Two Rules. As at 30 June 2025, the top-up
   tax relates to the Group’s operations in certain jurisdictions. A top-up tax is accrued in the current interim period using
   the tax rate based on the estimated adjusted covered taxes and net globe income for the year in these jurisdictions,
   resulting in an estimated effective income tax rate higher than 15%. The Group has recognised a current tax expense
   of RMB76,218,000 related to the Pillar Two Rules for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (six months ended 30 June
   2024: Nil) which is expected to be levied on certain subsidiaries.



7. Profit for the Period

                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)         (unaudited)


     Profit for the period has been arrived at after charging:


     Depreciation of right-of-use assets for buildings and land use rights                       87,229             88,819
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment other than right-of-use assets               232,603            258,614
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                                           14,175             16,875


                                                                                                334,007            364,308
     Less: amounts capitalised as cost of inventories manufactured and
            property, plant and equipment                                                      (187,605)          (221,122)
            amounts capitalised in intangible assets                                            (11,228)                 —


                                                                                                135,174            143,186


     Allowance for inventories included in cost of revenue                                        3,466             17,993


     Government grants                                                                           19,192             57,955



                                            Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025         65
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




8. Dividends

                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                               (unaudited)          (unaudited)


       Dividends recognised as distribution during the period                                      279,308            275,861


     During the current interim period, a final dividend of HK5 cents per share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2024 (six
     months ended 30 June 2024: HK5 cents) was declared and paid to owners of the Company. The aggregate amount of
     the final dividend paid in the interim period amounted to HK$304,792,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB279,317,000) (six
     months ended 30 June 2024: HK$303,581,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB276,037,000)).


     Subsequent to the end of the current interim period, the directors of the Company have determined that an interim
     dividend of HK20 cents per share amounting to approximately HK$1,238,578,000 in aggregate (six months ended 30
     June 2024: HK$308,888,000) will be paid to owners of the Company whose names appear in the register of members
     of the Company on 11 September 2025.




66    Smoore International Holdings Limited               INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2025




9. Earnings Per Share

   The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the following data:


                                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2025         2024
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                          (unaudited)      (unaudited)


     Earnings:
       Earnings for the purpose of basic and diluted earnings per share                          492,154     683,198


                                                                                                    ’000          ’000


     Number of shares:
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
         the purpose of calculating earnings per share                                      6,091,740      6,101,812


     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
       Share options/award shares                                                                 93,359      50,173


                                                                                            6,185,099      6,151,985


   The computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume the exercise of certain of the Group’s share options/
   award shares as the averaged adjusted exercise prices of the share options/award shares exceeded the average
   market prices or the assumed exercise would have an anti-dilutive effect on earnings per share for the six months
   ended 30 June 2025 and 2024.



10. Property, Plant and Equipment

   During the current interim period, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment of RMB787,730,000 (six months
   ended 30 June 2024: RMB344,958,000). Furthermore, the Group renewed several lease agreements and entered into
   several new lease agreements with lease terms ranged from 1 to 10 years during the current interim period. On lease
   commencement, the Group recognised right-of-use assets of RMB190,174,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024:
   RMB62,953,000) and lease liabilities of RMB181,625,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB61,943,000).




                                             Smoore International Holdings Limited          INTERIM REPORT 2025      67
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




11. Trade and Bills Receivables

                                                                                          At 30 June At 31 December
                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                          (unaudited)         (audited)


       Trade receivables from contracts with customers                                         2,053,186    2,103,221
       Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                         (37,863)      (36,314)


                                                                                               2,015,323    2,066,907
       Bills receivables                                                                              —            17,918


                                                                                               2,015,323    2,084,825


     The Group allows a credit period of 0 to 105 days (31 December 2024: 0 to 105 days) to its trade customers.


     The following is an analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the date of
     revenue recognised at the end of each reporting period:


                                                                                          At 30 June At 31 December
                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                          (unaudited)         (audited)


       Trade receivables
       Within 30 days                                                                           492,339       764,436
       31 to 60 days                                                                            637,280       550,894
       61 to 90 days                                                                            479,201       477,720
       Over 90 days                                                                             406,503       273,857


                                                                                               2,015,323    2,066,907


     The maturity dates of bills receivables are within three months as at 31 December 2024.




68    Smoore International Holdings Limited            INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2025




12. Trade and Bills Payables

                                                                                     At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)          (audited)


     Trade payables                                                                   1,136,290          1,209,152
     Bills payables                                                                     105,567           160,424


                                                                                      1,241,857          1,369,576


   The Group is normally granted credit terms of 30 to 90 days (31 December 2024: 30 to 90 days).


   The following is an analysis of trade payables by age, presented based on the date of goods/services received or
   invoice date at the end of each reporting periods:


                                                                                     At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)          (audited)


     Within 30 days                                                                     389,907           730,256
     31 to 60 days                                                                      500,169           284,727
     61 to 90 days                                                                      182,233           158,228
     Over 90 days                                                                        63,981            35,941


                                                                                      1,136,290          1,209,152


   The maturity dates of bills payables are within six months as at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024.




                                          Smoore International Holdings Limited         INTERIM REPORT 2025      69
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




13. Share Capital

                                                                                      Number of             Share
                                                                                         shares            Capital
                                                                                                          US$’000


       Ordinary shares
       Ordinary shares of US$0.01 each


       Authorised:
         At 1 January 2024 (audited), 30 June 2024 (unaudited),
           31 December 2024 (audited) and 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                10,000,000,000          100,000


                                                                     Number of
                                                                        shares            Share Capital
                                                                                        US$’000           RMB’000


       Issued and fully paid
       At 1 January 2024 (audited)                                6,137,238,720          61,373           428,272
       Exercise of share options (note 14)                            1,000,000              10                71


       At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                6,138,238,720          61,383           428,343


       Exercise of share options (note 14)                           41,588,576             415             2,956


       At 31 December 2024 (audited)                              6,179,827,296          61,798           431,299


       Exercise of share options (note 14)                            8,495,676              85               610


       At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                6,188,322,972          61,883           431,909




70    Smoore International Holdings Limited          INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2025




14. Share-Based Payment Transactions

   Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company
   (i)   The Share Option Scheme
         On 15 June 2020, a share option scheme (the “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”) was adopted by the shareholders
         of the Company for the purpose of incentivising and retaining directors, senior management and other employees for
         their contribution to the Group. Under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, the board of directors of the Company
         may grant options to eligible employees, including directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, to subscribe for
         shares in the Company.

         On 27 December 2024 (the “date of Grant”), the Company has conditionally granted a total of 61,000,000
         share options under the Share Option Scheme to Mr. Chen Zhiping (the “Grant”). As disclosed in the Company’s
         separate announcement also dated 27 December 2024, the scheme mandate limit remaining for the share option
         scheme is 7,995,340 Shares, which is not sufficient to cover the Grant. As such, the Grant is conditional on,
         among others, the shareholders of the Company’s approval of a new scheme mandate limit of 10% of the total
         number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares) pursuant to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Assuming the
         shareholders of the Company approves the Proposed Amendment of the share option scheme, the new scheme
         mandate limit and the Grant in the same extraordinary shareholder meeting (the “EGM”), and that there is no
         change to the number of issued Share of the Company from the date of this announcement to the EGM, a total
         of 556,982,729 Shares will be available for future grant under the scheme mandate limit.

         On 18 February 2025, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was amended and approved by the shareholders of the
         Company in the EGM (“Share Option Scheme”) . The terms of Share Option Scheme are subject to Chapter 17 of the
         Listing Rules. The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to incentivize and reward eligible persons for their contribution
         to our Group and to align their interests with that of our Company so as to encourage them to work towards enhancing
         the value of our Company. Participants of the Share Option Scheme included employees (whether full time or part time)
         or Directors of the members of the Group, and the number of share subscription could be determined by the Board.

         The table below discloses movement of the share option scheme:

                                                                     2025                                  2024
                                                             Exercise      Number of               Exercise      Number of
                                                                price   share options                 price    share options
                                                                 HK$                                  HK$


           As at 1 January (audited)                       5.99–20.80        265,714,956        5.99–20.80        129,524,700
           Granted during the period                            13.52           2,390,000             6.85             580,000
           Lapsed during the period                        5.99–16.88          (9,166,200)      5.99–20.80         (13,182,000)
           Exercised during the period                     5.99–16.88         (8,495,676)                                   —


           As at 30 June (unaudited)                       5.99–20.80        250,443,080        5.99–20.80        116,922,700


           Exercisable at the end of
             the reporting period                          5.99–20.80         35,403,655        9.71–20.80          20,142,250

                                             Smoore International Holdings Limited                INTERIM REPORT 2025          71
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




14. Share-Based Payment Transactions (Continued)

     Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
     (i)   The Share Option Scheme (Continued)
           During the current interim period, 2,390,000 share options were granted on 7 May 2025 under the Share Option
           Scheme. The fair value of the options determined at the date of grant using the Binomial Option Pricing model
           was HK$12,813,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB11,903,000). The key inputs into the model were as
           follows:


                                                                                                           Share options
                                                                                                              granted on
                                                                                                                    7 May
                                                                                                                     2025


             Weighted average share price                                                                       HK$13.52
             Exercise price                                                                                     HK$13.52
             Expected life                                                                                        10 years
             Risk-free rate                                                                                         3.13%
             Expected dividend yield                                                                                0.74%


           The directors of the Company estimated the risk-free rate based on the yield of the China government bonds
           with a maturity life close to the option life of the share option. Expected volatility was estimated at grant date
           based on the average of historical volatilities of the comparable companies with length commensurable to the
           time of maturity of the share options. Expected dividend yield is based on management estimation at the grant
           date.




72    Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2025




14. Share-Based Payment Transactions (Continued)

   Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
   (ii)   Share Award Scheme
          On 2 September 2021 (“Adoption date”), the Company's Restricted Share Award Plan (the "Restricted Share
          Award Scheme”) was adopted with a duration of 10 years commencing from the Adoption date. On 18 February
          2025 (“Amendment Date”), the Restricted Share Award Scheme was amended and approved with a duration
          of 10 years commencing from the Amendment Date. The purposes of the Restricted Share Award Scheme is to
          recognise and reward the contribution of certain eligible participants through the awarded shares to the growth
          and development of the Group and to provide incentives in order to retain them for continual operation and
          development to the Group; and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.


          The table below discloses movement of the Restricted Share Award Scheme:


                                                                                                  2025              2024


            As at 1 January (audited)                                                      91,125,350         35,462,900
            Granted during the period                                                       1,614,000            390,000
            Lapsed during the period                                                        (4,100,850)       (2,443,825)
            Vested during the period                                                        (1,583,250)       (1,868,750)


            As at 30 June (unaudited)                                                      87,055,250         31,540,325


            Exercisable at the end of the reporting period                                      14,650           112,750


          The fair value of the share awarded was determined based on the market value of the Company’s shares at the
          grant dates. The vesting period under the Restricted Share Award Scheme ranges from three months to five
          years. During the current interim period, 1,614,000 awarded shares were granted on 7 May 2025 under the
          Restricted Share Award Scheme. The estimated fair value of the share awarded granted was HK$21,821,000 (equivalent
          to approximately RMB20,270,000).




                                           Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025        73
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




14. Share-Based Payment Transactions (Continued)

     Equity-settled share option scheme of TranspireBio Holdings Limited (“Transpire
     Bio”)
     (iii) 2024 Equity Incentive Plan
          On 31 May 2024, a share option scheme (the “2024 equity incentive plan”) was adopted by the board of
          directors and approved by the shareholders of TranspireBio, incorporated in the Cayman Islands, for the purpose
          of securing and retaining the services of the eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert
          maximum efforts for the success of the TranspireBio. Under the 2024 equity incentive plan, the board of directors
          of TranspireBio may grant options to eligible award recipients, including employees, directors and consultants of
          TranspireBio and its subsidiaries, to subscribe for shares in TranspireBio.


          The table below discloses movement of the 2024 equity incentive plan:


                                                                  2025                                  2024
                                                          Exercise        Number of             Exercise         Number of
                                                              price    share options                price      share options
                                                             USD$                                  USD$


            As at 1 January (audited)                       0.0041     1,132,582,500                                      —
            Granted during the period                        0.024       196,056,625              0.0041     1,132,582,500


            As at 30 June (unaudited)                0.0041–0.024      1,328,639,125              0.0041     1,132,582,500




74    Smoore International Holdings Limited             INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                              NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2025




14. Share-Based Payment Transactions (Continued)

   Equity-settled share option scheme of TranspireBio Holdings Limited (“Transpire
   Bio”) (Continued)
   (iii) 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (Continued)
       During the current interim period, 196,056,625 share options were granted on 2 January 2025 under the 2024
       equity incentive plan. The fair value of the options determined at the date of grant using the Binomial Option
       Pricing model was USD2,540,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB18,276,000). The key inputs into the model
       were as follows:


                                                                                                        Share options
                                                                                                           granted on
                                                                                                             2 January
                                                                                                                  2025


         Weighted average share price                                                                        USD0.024
         Exercise price                                                                                      USD0.024
         Expected life                                                                                         10 years
         Risk-free rate                                                                                          4.58%
         Expected dividend yield                                                                                 0.00%


       The directors of TranspireBio estimated the risk-free rate based on the yield of the US government bonds with
       a maturity life close to the option life of the share option. Expected volatility was estimated at grant date based
       on the average of historical volatilities of the comparable companies with length commensurable to the time of
       maturity of the share options. Expected dividend yield is based on management estimation at the grant date.




                                        Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025        75
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




15. Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments

     Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
     following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial instruments are determined (in particular,
     the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value
     measurements are categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements
     are observable.


     •       Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical
             assets or liabilities;


     •       Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1
             that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and


     •       Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or
             liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                                                 Fair value as at                                                                     Signification
                                               30 June 31 December         Fair value Valuation techniques                           unobservable
         Financial assets                         2025            2024     hierarchy and key input                                            input
                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


         Financial assets at FVTPL
         — debt instrument                      429,862              —       Level 2 Discounted cash flow                                      —
                                                                                     — Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                        based on forward exchange rates (from
                                                                                        observable forward exchange rates at
                                                                                        the end of the reporting period) and
                                                                                        contracted forward rates, discounted
                                                                                        at a rate that reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                        various counterparties.
         — short-term deposit                   801,472              —       Level 2 Discounted cash flow                                      —
             with variable interest                                                  — Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                        based on forward exchange rates (from
                                                                                        observable forward exchange rates at
                                                                                        the end of the reporting period) and
                                                                                        contracted forward rates, discounted
                                                                                        at a rate that reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                        various counterparties.
         — swap contracts                            —             857       Level 2 Discounted cash flow                                      —
                                                                                     — Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                        based on forward exchange rates (from
                                                                                        observable forward exchange rates at
                                                                                        the end of the reporting period) and
                                                                                        contracted forward rates, discounted
                                                                                        at a rate that reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                        various counterparties.




76       Smoore International Holdings Limited                 INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2025




15. Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments (Continued)

   There was no transfer between different level of the fair value hierarchy during the current interim period.


   Except the above financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, the directors of the
   Company consider the carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities recorded at amortised costs approximate
   their fair values.



16. Related Party Transactions

   (a)   The Group has following transactions and balances with a related party:

                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
            Name of related party            Nature of transactions                               2025                 2024
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                           (unaudited)            (unaudited)


            EVE Energy Co., Ltd,             Purchase of raw material                          167,520              205,442
              Shareholder of the Company


                                                                                           At 30 June      At 31 December
            Name of related party            Nature of transactions                               2025                 2024
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                           (unaudited)              (audited)


            EVE Energy Co., Ltd              Trade and bills payables                           41,517              104,186
              Shareholder of the Company Other payables and accrued expenses                       332                    67


                                                                                                41,849              104,253




                                           Smoore International Holdings Limited               INTERIM REPORT 2025         77
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




16. Related Party Transactions (Continued)

     (b) Compensation of key management personnel
           The remuneration of key management personnel, including the executive directors and other senior management,
           were as follows:


                                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                          (unaudited)        (unaudited)


             Salaries and other allowances                                                      5,620              5,534
             Performance related bonuses                                                            —                 —
             Retirement benefit schemes contributions                                             213                170
             Share-based payment expense                                                       25,354              7,057


                                                                                               31,187            12,761


           The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined with regard to the performance of individuals and
           market trends.



17. Commitments

                                                                                         At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                         (unaudited)            (audited)


       Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of property,
         plant and equipment contracted for but not provided
         in the condensed consolidated financial statements                                 474,461             707,750




18. Comparative Financial Information

     Certain comparative financial information set out in the condensed consolidated financial statements have been
     reclassified to conform with current period’s presentation.




78    Smoore International Holdings Limited              INTERIM REPORT 2025
