
EX-99.1

2

d848626dex991.htm

EX-99.1

EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

Manulife Financial Corporation

Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2020

Responsibility for Financial Reporting

The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Manulife Financial Corporation are the responsibility of management and have been approved by the Board of
Directors. It is also the responsibility of management to ensure that all information in the annual report to shareholders is consistent with these consolidated financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the accounting requirements of
the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, Canada. When alternative accounting methods exist, or when estimates and judgment are required, management has selected those amounts that present the Company’s financial position and
results of operations in a manner most appropriate to the circumstances.

Appropriate systems of internal control, policies and procedures have been maintained to
ensure that financial information is both relevant and reliable. The systems of internal control are assessed on an ongoing basis by management and the Company’s internal audit department.

The actuary appointed by the Board of Directors (the “Appointed Actuary”) is responsible for ensuring that assumptions and methods used in the determination of
policy liabilities are appropriate to the circumstances and that reserves will be adequate to meet the Company’s future obligations under insurance and annuity contracts.

The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that management fulfills its responsibility for financial reporting and is ultimately responsible for reviewing and
approving the consolidated financial statements. These responsibilities are carried out primarily through an Audit Committee of unrelated and independent directors appointed by the Board of Directors.

The Audit Committee meets periodically with management, the internal auditors, the peer reviewers, the external auditors and the Appointed Actuary to discuss internal
control over the financial reporting process, auditing matters and financial reporting issues. The Audit Committee reviews the consolidated financial statements prepared by management and then recommends them to the Board of Directors for approval.
The Audit Committee also recommends to the Board of Directors and shareholders the appointment of external auditors and approval of their fees.

The consolidated
financial statements have been audited by the Company’s external auditors, Ernst & Young LLP, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Ernst & Young LLP has full and
free access to management and the Audit Committee.

Roy Gori President and Chief Executive Officer   Philip Witherington Chief Financial Officer

Toronto, Canada

February 10, 2021

Appointed Actuary’s Report to the Shareholders

I have valued the policy
liabilities and reinsurance recoverables of Manulife Financial Corporation for its Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as at December 31, 2020 and 2019 and their change in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years then ended
in accordance with actuarial practice generally accepted in Canada, including selection of appropriate assumptions and methods.

In my opinion, the amount of policy
liabilities net of reinsurance recoverables makes appropriate provision for all policyholder obligations and the consolidated financial statements fairly present the results of the valuation.

Steven Finch

Appointed Actuary

Toronto, Canada

February 10, 2021

103

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Manulife Financial Corporation

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the
accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of Manulife Financial Corporation (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the related Consolidated Statements of Income, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2020 and 2019,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We also have audited, in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal
Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 10, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the
consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken
as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Valuation of Insurance Contract Liabilities
Description of the Matter   The Company recorded insurance contract liabilities of $385.6 billion at December 31, 2020 on its consolidated statement of financial position. Insurance
contract liabilities are reported gross of reinsurance ceded and represent management’s estimate of the amount which, together with estimated future premiums and net investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits,
policyholder dividends and refunds, taxes (other than income taxes) and expenses on insurance policies in-force. Insurance contract liabilities are determined using the Canadian Asset Liability Method (CALM),
as required by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries (CIA). The valuation of insurance contract liabilities is based on an explicit projection of cash flows using current assumptions for each material cash flow item. Cash flows related to insurance
contract liabilities have two major components: a best estimate assumption and a provision for adverse deviation. Best estimates are made with respect to key assumptions including mortality, morbidity, investment returns, policy termination rates,
premium persistency, expenses, and taxes. A provision for adverse deviation is recorded to reflect the inherent uncertainty related to the timing and amount of the best estimate assumptions and is determined by including a margin of conservatism for
each assumption. Disclosures on this matter are found in Note 1 ‘Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies’ and Note 6 ‘Insurance Contract Liabilities and Reinsurance Assets’ of the consolidated financial
statements. Auditing the valuation of insurance contract liabilities was complex and required
the application of significant auditor judgement due to the complexity of the cash flow models, the selection and use of assumptions, and the interrelationship of these variables in measuring insurance contract liabilities. The audit effort involved
professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the audit evidence obtained.

107

Valuation of Insurance Contract Liabilities
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit   We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls over the valuation of insurance contract
liabilities. The controls we tested related to, among other areas, actuarial methodology, integrity of data used, controls over relevant information technology, and the assumption setting and implementation processes used by management. To test the valuation of insurance contract liabilities, our audit procedures included, among other
procedures, involving our actuarial specialists to assess the methodology and assumptions with respect to compliance with the Company’s policies. We performed audit procedures over key assumptions, including the implementation of those
assumptions into the models. These procedures included testing underlying support and documentation, including reviewing a sample of experience studies supporting specific assumptions, challenging the nature, timing, and completeness of changes
recorded, assessing whether individual changes were errors or refinements of estimates, and comparing the level of margins for adverse deviation to suggested ranges established by the CIA. We also performed independent recalculation procedures on a
sample of insurance policies to evaluate management’s recorded reserves. In addition, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures provided in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Valuation of Invested Assets with Significant Non-Observable Market Inputs
Description of the Matter   The Company recorded invested assets of $17.5 billion at December 31, 2020 on its consolidated statement of financial position which are both (a) measured
at fair value and (b) subject to a valuation estimate that includes significant non-observable market inputs. These invested assets are classified as level 3 within the Company’s hierarchy of fair
value measurements and include real estate, timber and agriculture, high estimation uncertainty bonds, and private equities which are valued using internal models. There is increased measurement uncertainty associated with these invested assets due
to market disruption associated with COVID-19. These assets are valued based on internal models or third-party pricing sources that incorporate assumptions with a high-level of subjectivity. Examples of such
assumptions include interest rates, yield curves, credit ratings and related spreads, expected future cash flows and transaction prices of comparable assets. Disclosures on this matter are found in Note 1 ‘Nature of Operations and Significant
Accounting Policies’ and Note 3 ‘Invested Assets and Investment Income’ of the consolidated financial statements. Auditing the valuation of these invested assets was complex and required the application of significant auditor judgment in assessing the valuation methodologies and non-observable inputs used. The valuation of these assets is sensitive to the significant non-observable market inputs described above, which are inherently forward-looking
and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. The audit effort involved professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the audit evidence obtained.
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit   We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls over the investment valuation process. The
controls we tested related to, among other areas, management’s determination and approval of assumptions and methodologies used in model-based valuations and management’s review of valuations provided by third-party pricing sources. To test the valuation of these invested assets, our audit procedures included, among other
procedures, involving our valuation specialists to assess the methodologies and significant assumptions used by management. These procedures included assessing the valuation methodologies used with respect to the Company’s policies, valuation
guidelines, and industry practice and comparing a sample of valuation assumptions used against benchmarks, including comparable transactions and independent pricing sources where available. We also performed independent investment valuations on a
sample of investments with high estimation uncertainty to evaluate management’s recorded values. In addition, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures provided in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Chartered Professional Accountants

Licensed Public
Accountants

We have served as Manulife Financial Corporation’s auditors since 1905.

Toronto, Canada

February 10, 2021

108
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Consolidated Financial Statements

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Manulife Financial Corporation

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have
audited Manulife Financial Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the “COSO criteria”). In our opinion, Manulife Financial Corporation (the “Company”) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the related Consolidated Statements of Income, Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years then ended, and the related notes and our report dated February 10, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion
thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting contained
in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over
Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Chartered Professional Accountants

Licensed Public
Accountants

Toronto, Canada

February 10, 2021

109

Consolidated Statements of Financial Position

As at December 31, (Canadian $ in millions)   2020   2019
Assets
Cash and short-term securities   $   26,167   $   20,300
Debt securities   218,724   198,122
Public equities   23,722   22,851
Mortgages   50,207   49,376
Private placements   40,756   37,979
Policy loans   6,398   6,471
Loans to bank clients   1,976   1,740
Real estate   12,832   12,928
Other invested assets   30,195   28,760
Total invested assets (note 3)   410,977   378,527
Other assets
Accrued investment income   2,523   2,416
Outstanding premiums   1,444   1,385
Derivatives (note 4)   27,793   19,449
Reinsurance assets (notes 6 and 7)   45,836   41,446
Deferred tax assets (note 16)   4,842   4,574
Goodwill and intangible assets (note 5)   9,929   9,975
Miscellaneous   9,569   8,250
Total other assets   101,936   87,495
Segregated funds net assets (note 22)   367,436   343,108
Total assets   $   880,349   $   809,130
Liabilities and Equity
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities (note 6)   $   385,554   $   351,161
Investment contract liabilities (note 7)   3,288   3,104
Deposits from bank clients   20,889   21,488
Derivatives (note 4)   14,962   10,284
Deferred tax liabilities (note 16)   2,614   1,972
Other liabilities   18,607   16,244
445,914   404,253
Long-term debt (note 9)   6,164   4,543
Capital instruments (note 10)   7,829   7,120
Segregated funds net liabilities (note 22)   367,436   343,108
Total liabilities   827,343   759,024
Equity
Preferred shares (note 11)   3,822   3,822
Common shares (note 11)   23,042   23,127
Contributed surplus   261   254
Shareholders’ retained earnings   18,887   15,488
Shareholders’ accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):
Pension and other post-employment plans   (313   )   (350   )
Available-for-sale securities   1,838   1,511
Cash flow hedges   (229   )   (143   )
Real estate revaluation reserve   34   31
Translation of foreign operations   4,993   5,398
Total shareholders’ equity   52,335   49,138
Participating policyholders’ equity   (784   )   (243   )
Non-controlling interests   1,455   1,211
Total equity   53,006   50,106
Total liabilities and equity   $   880,349   $   809,130

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

Roy Gori President and Chief Executive Officer   John Cassaday Chairman of the Board of Directors

110
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Income

For the years ended December 31, (Canadian $ in millions except per share amounts)   2020   2019
Revenue
Premium income
Gross premiums   $   41,408   $   41,059
Premiums ceded to reinsurers   (8,491   )   (5,481   )
Net premiums   32,917   35,578
Investment income (note 3)
Investment income   16,433   15,393
Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on assets supporting insurance
and investment contract liabilities and on the macro hedge program   18,967   18,200
Net investment income   35,400   33,593
Other revenue (note 13)   10,591   10,399
Total revenue   78,908   79,570
Contract benefits and expenses
To contract holders and beneficiaries
Gross claims and benefits (note 6)   30,133   28,660
Increase (decrease) in insurance contract liabilities (note 6)   36,982   33,727
Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities (note 7)   178   170
Benefits and expenses ceded to reinsurers   (6,795   )   (5,373   )
(Increase) decrease in reinsurance assets (note 6)   (5,263   )   (1,269   )
Net benefits and claims   55,235   55,915
General expenses   7,510   7,686
Investment expenses (note 3)   1,787   1,748
Commissions   6,043   6,293
Interest expense   1,181   1,319
Net premium taxes   381   389
Total contract benefits and expenses   72,137   73,350
Income before income taxes   6,771   6,220
Income tax expense (note 16)   (1,195   )   (718   )
Net income   $   5,576   $   5,502
Net income (loss) attributed to:
Non-controlling interests   $   250   $   233
Participating policyholders   (545   )   (333   )
Shareholders   5,871   5,602
$   5,576   $   5,502
Net income attributed to shareholders   5,871   5,602
Preferred share dividends   (171   )   (172   )
Common shareholders’ net
income   $   5,700   $   5,430
Earnings per sharea
Basic earnings per common share (note 11)   $   2.94   $   2.77
Diluted earnings per common share (note 11)   2.93   2.77
Dividends per common share   1.12   1.00

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

111

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

For the years ended December 31, (Canadian $ in millions)   2020   2019
Net income   $   5,576   $   5,502
Other comprehensive income (loss) (“OCI”), net of tax:
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to net income:
Foreign exchange gains (losses) on:
Translation of foreign operations   (505   )   (1,933   )
Net investment hedges   100   320
Available-for-sale financial
securities:
Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the year   2,506   2,212
Reclassification of net realized (gains) losses and impairments to net income   (2,175   )   (433   )
Cash flow hedges:
Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the year   (81   )   (28   )
Reclassification of realized losses to net income   (5   )   12
Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of associates   2   1
Total items that may be subsequently reclassified to net
income   (158   )   151
Items that will not be reclassified to net income:
Change in pension and other post-employment plans   37   76
Real estate revaluation reserve   5   11
Total items that will not be reclassified to net
income   42   87
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax   (116   )   238
Total comprehensive income (loss), net of
tax   $   5,460   $   5,740
Total comprehensive income (loss) attributed to:
Non-controlling interests   $   254   $   237
Participating policyholders   (541   )   (334   )
Shareholders   5,747   5,837

Income Taxes included in Other Comprehensive Income

For the years ended December 31, (Canadian $ in millions)   2020   2019
Income tax expense (recovery) on:
Unrealized gains/losses on available-for-sale financial securities   $   574   $   558
Reclassification of realized gains/losses and recoveries/impairments to net income on available-for-sale
financial securities   (576   )   (140   )
Unrealized gains/losses on cash flow hedges   (19   )   (20   )
Reclassification of realized gains/losses to net income on cash flow hedges   (2   )   4
Unrealized foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of foreign operations   –   (1   )
Unrealized foreign exchange gains/losses on net investment hedges   8   39
Change in pension and other post-employment plans   9   18
Real estate revaluation reserve   2   –
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of associates   (1   )   –
Total income tax expense (recovery)   $   (5   )   $   458

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

112
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

For the years ended December 31, (Canadian $ in millions)   2020   2019
Preferred shares
Balance, beginning of year   $   3,822   $   3,822
Balance, end of year   3,822   3,822
Common shares
Balance, beginning of year   23,127   22,961
Repurchased (note 11)   (121   )   (677   )
Issued on exercise of stock options and deferred share units   36   104
Issued under dividend reinvestment and share purchase plans   –   739
Balance, end of year   23,042   23,127
Contributed surplus
Balance, beginning of year   254   265
Exercise of stock options and deferred share units   (7   )   (20   )
Stock option expense   14   11
Impact of deferred tax asset rate change   –   (2   )
Balance, end of year   261   254
Shareholders’ retained earnings
Balance, beginning of year   15,488   12,704
Opening adjustment at adoption of IFRS 16   –   (19   )
Net income attributed to shareholders   5,871   5,602
Common shares repurchased (note 11)   (132   )   (662   )
Preferred share dividends   (171   )   (172   )
Common share dividends   (2,169   )   (1,965   )
Balance, end of year   18,887   15,488
Shareholders’ accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”)
Balance, beginning of year   6,447   6,212
Change in unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) of net foreign operations   (405   )   (1,612   )
Change in actuarial gains (losses) on pension and other post-employment plans   37   76
Change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale financial securities   325   1,775
Change in unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges   (86   )   (16   )
Change in real estate revaluation reserve   3   11
Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of associates   2   1
Balance, end of year   6,323   6,447
Total shareholders’ equity, end of year   52,335   49,138
Participating policyholders’ equity
Balance, beginning of year   (243   )   94
Opening adjustment at adoption of IFRS 16   –   (3   )
Net income (loss) attributed to participating policyholders   (545   )   (333   )
Other comprehensive income attributed to policyholders   4   (1   )
Balance, end of year   (784   )   (243   )
Non-controlling interests
Balance, beginning of year   1,211   1,093
Net income attributed to non-controlling interests   250   233
Other comprehensive income (loss) attributed to non-controlling interests   4   4
Contributions (distributions/disposal), net   (10   )   (119   )
Balance, end of year   1,455   1,211
Total equity, end of year   $   53,006   $   50,106

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

113

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

For the years ended December 31, (Canadian $ in millions)   2020   2019
Operating activities
Net income   $   5,576   $   5,502
Adjustments:
Increase in insurance contract liabilities   36,982   33,727
Increase in investment contract liabilities   178   170
(Increase) decrease in reinsurance assets excluding coinsurance transactions (note 6)   (2,374   )   (557   )
Amortization of (premium) discount on invested assets   154   117
Other amortization   656   626
Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses and impairment on assets   (22,521   )   (20,265   )
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)   280   (454   )
Stock option expense   14   11
Cash provided by operating activities before undernoted items   18,945   18,877
Changes in policy related and operating receivables and
payables   1,103   1,665
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities   20,048   20,542
Investing activities
Purchases and mortgage advances   (111,981   )   (80,610   )
Disposals and repayments   98,850   65,333
Change in investment broker net receivables and payables   (1,017   )   1,159
Net cash flows from acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and
businesses   –   288
Cash provided by (used in) investing activities   (14,148   )   (13,830   )
Financing activities
Issue of long-term debt, net (note 9)   2,455   –
Redemption of long-term debt (note 9)   (652   )   –
Issue of capital instruments, net (note 10)   1,990   –
Redemption of capital instruments (note 10)   (1,250   )   (1,500   )
Secured borrowings (note 3 (f))   1,376   107
Change in repurchase agreements and securities sold but not yet purchased   24   266
Changes in deposits from Bank clients, net   (579   )   1,819
Lease payments   (134   )   (117   )
Shareholders’ dividends paid in cash   (2,340   )   (1,398   )
Common shares repurchased (note 11)   (253   )   (1,339   )
Common shares issued, net (note 11)   36   104
Contributions from (distributions to) non-controlling interests,
net   (10   )   (22   )
Cash provided by (used in) financing activities   663   (2,080   )
Cash and short-term securities
Increase (decrease) during the year   6,563   4,632
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and short-term securities   (528   )   (466   )
Balance, beginning of year   19,548   15,382
Balance, December 31   25,583   19,548
Cash and short-term securities
Beginning of year
Gross cash and short-term securities   20,300   16,215
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities   (752   )   (833   )
Net cash and short-term securities, January 1   19,548   15,382
End of year
Gross cash and short-term securities   26,167   20,300
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities   (584   )   (752   )
Net cash and short-term securities,
December 31   $   25,583   $   19,548
Supplemental disclosures on cash flow information
Interest received   $   11,736   $   11,549
Interest paid   1,188   1,299
Income taxes paid   1,358   104

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

114
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Page Number   Note
116   Note 1   Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies
124   Note 2   Accounting and Reporting Changes
125   Note 3   Invested Assets and Investment Income
133   Note 4   Derivative and Hedging Instruments
139   Note 5   Goodwill and Intangible Assets
141   Note 6   Insurance Contract Liabilities and Reinsurance Assets
150   Note 7   Investment Contract Liabilities
151   Note 8   Risk Management
158   Note 9   Long-Term Debt
159   Note 10   Capital Instruments
160   Note 11   Share Capital and Earnings Per Share
162   Note 12   Capital Management
162   Note 13   Revenue from Service Contracts
163   Note 14   Stock-Based Compensation
165   Note 15   Employee Future Benefits
169   Note 16   Income Taxes
171   Note 17   Interests in Structured Entities
173   Note 18   Commitments and Contingencies
175   Note 19   Segmented Information
177   Note 20   Related Parties
177   Note 21   Subsidiaries
179   Note 22   Segregated Funds
180   Note 23   Information Provided in Connection with Investments in Deferred Annuity Contracts and Signature Notes Issued or Assumed by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)
186   Note 24   Comparatives

115

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Canadian $ in millions except per share amounts or unless otherwise stated)

Note
1    Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies

(a)    Reporting entity

Manulife Financial Corporation (“MFC”) is a publicly traded company and the holding company of The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company
(“MLI”), a Canadian life insurance company. MFC and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Manulife” or the “Company”) is a leading financial services group with principal operations in Asia, Canada and the United States.
Manulife’s international network of employees, agents and distribution partners offers financial protection and wealth management products and services to personal and business clients as well as asset management services to institutional
customers. The Company operates as Manulife in Canada and Asia and as John Hancock in the United States.

MFC is domiciled in Canada and incorporated under the
Insurance Companies Act (Canada) (“ICA”). These Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (“IASB”).

These Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with “Risk Management” in the 2020 Management’s
Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) dealing with IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” as the discussion on market risk and liquidity risk includes certain disclosures that are considered an integral part of these
Consolidated Financial Statements.

These Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended December 31, 2020 were authorized for issue by
MFC’s Board of Directors on February 10, 2021.

(b)    Basis of preparation

The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application
of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the
reporting periods. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The most significant estimation processes relate to evaluating assumptions used in measuring insurance and investment contract liabilities, assessing assets for impairment,
determining pension and other post-employment benefit obligation and expense assumptions, determining income taxes and uncertain tax positions, and estimating fair values of certain invested assets. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the year in which the estimates are revised and in any future years affected. Although some variability is inherent in these estimates, management believes that the amounts
recorded are appropriate. The significant accounting policies used and the most significant judgments made by management in applying these accounting policies in the preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements are summarized below.

The Company’s results and operations have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by the COVID
-19
 pandemic and the
recent economic downturn. The adverse effects include but are not limited to significant volatility in equity markets, decline in interest rates, increase in credit risk, strain on commodity markets and alternative long duration asset prices,
foreign currency exchange rate volatility, increases in insurance claims, persistency and redemptions, and disruption of business operations. The breadth and depth of these events and their duration contribute additional uncertainty around estimates
used in determining the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities included in these Consolidated Financial Statements.

The uncertainty regarding key inputs
used in establishing the carrying amounts of certain invested assets are outlined in the notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company has applied appropriate measurement techniques using reasonable judgment and estimates from the
perspective of a market participant to reflect current economic conditions. The impact of these techniques has been reflected in these Financial Statements. Changes in the inputs used could materially impact the respective carrying values.

(c)    Fair value measurement

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction (not a forced liquidation or distress
sale) between market participants at the measurement date; fair value is an exit value.

When available, quoted market prices are used to determine fair value. If
quoted market prices are not available, fair value is typically based upon alternative valuation techniques such as discounted cash flows, matrix pricing, consensus pricing services and other techniques. Broker quotes are generally used when
external public vendor prices are not available.

The Company has a valuation process in place that includes a review of price movements relative to the market, a
comparison of prices between vendors, and a comparison to internal matrix pricing which uses predominately external observable data. Judgment is applied in adjusting external observable data for items including liquidity and credit factors.

116
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Company categorizes its fair value measurement results according to a three-level hierarchy. The hierarchy
prioritizes the inputs used by the Company’s valuation techniques based on their reliability. A level is assigned to each fair value measurement based on the lowest level input significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The
three levels of the fair value hierarchy are defined as follows:

Level 1 – Fair value measurements that reflect unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets and liabilities that the Company can access at the measurement date, reflecting market transactions.

Level 2 – Fair value measurements
using inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for
identical or similar assets and liabilities in inactive markets, inputs that are observable that are not prices (such as interest rates, credit risks, etc.) and inputs that are derived from or corroborated by observable market data. Most debt
securities are classified within Level 2. Also, included in the Level 2 category are derivative instruments that are priced using models with observable market inputs, including interest rate swaps, equity swaps, credit default swaps and
foreign currency forward contracts.

Level 3 – Fair value measurements using significant
non-market
 observable
inputs. These include valuations for assets and liabilities that are derived using data, some or all of which is not market observable, including assumptions about risk. Level 3 security valuations include less liquid securities such as real
estate investment property, other invested assets, timber investments held within segregated funds, certain long-duration bonds and other securities that have little or no price transparency. Certain derivative financial instrument valuations are
also included in Level 3.

(d)    Basis of consolidation

MFC consolidates the financial statements of all entities it controls, including certain structured entities. Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The
Company has control over an entity when the Company has the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the entity, and is exposed to variable returns from its activities which are significant in relation to the total variable returns of
the entity and the Company is able to use its power over the entity to affect its share of variable returns. In assessing control, significant judgment is applied while considering all relevant facts and circumstances. When assessing decision-making
power, the Company considers the extent of its rights relative to the management of an entity, the level of voting rights held in an entity which are potentially or presently exercisable, the existence of any contractual management agreements which
may provide the Company with power over an entity’s financial and operating policies, and to the extent of other parties’ ownership in an entity, if any, the possibility for de facto control being present. When assessing variable returns,
the Company considers the significance of direct and indirect financial and
non-financial
 variable returns to the Company from an entity’s activities in addition to the proportionate significance of such
returns. The Company also considers the degree to which its interests are aligned with those of other parties investing in an entity and the degree to which it may act in its own interest.

The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in MFC’s consolidated results from the date control is established and are excluded from consolidation from the
date control ceases. The initial control assessment is performed at inception of the Company’s involvement with the entity and is reconsidered if the Company acquires or loses power over key operating and financial policies of the entity;
acquires additional interests or disposes of interests in the entity; the contractual arrangements of the entity are amended such that the Company’s proportionate exposure to variable returns changes; or if the Company’s ability to use its
power to affect its variable returns from the entity changes.

The Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared using uniform accounting
policies for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Intercompany balances, and income and expenses arising from intercompany transactions, have been eliminated in preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Non-controlling
 interests are interests of other parties in the equity of MFC’s subsidiaries and are presented within total
equity, separate from the equity of MFC’s participating policyholders and shareholders.
Non-controlling
 interests in the net income and other comprehensive income (“OCI”) of MFC’s
subsidiaries are included in total net income and total OCI, respectively. An exception to this occurs where the subsidiary’s shares are either puttable by the shareholder or required to be redeemed for cash on a fixed or determinable date, in
which case other parties’ interests in the subsidiary’s capital are presented as liabilities of the Company and other parties’ interests in the subsidiary’s net income and OCI are recorded as expenses of the Company.

The equity method of accounting is used to account for entities over which the Company has significant influence or joint control (“associates” or “joint
ventures”), whereby the Company records its share of the associate’s or joint venture’s net assets and financial results using uniform accounting policies for similar transactions and events. Significant judgment is used to determine
whether voting rights, contractual management rights and other relationships with the entity, if any, provide the Company with significant influence or joint control over the entity. Gains and losses on the sale of associates or joint ventures are
included in income when realized, while impairment losses are recognized immediately when there is objective evidence of impairment. Gains and losses on commercial transactions with associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the
Company’s interest in the associate or joint venture. Investments in associates or joint ventures are included in other invested assets on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

117

(e)    Invested assets

Invested assets that are considered financial instruments are classified as fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), loans and receivables, or as
available-for-sale
 (“AFS”) financial assets. The Company determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition. Invested assets are recognized
initially at fair value plus, in the case of investments not at FVTPL, directly attributable transaction costs. Invested assets are classified as financial instruments at FVTPL if they are held for trading, if they are designated by management under
the fair value option, or if they are designated by management when they include one or more embedded derivatives. Invested assets classified as AFS are
non-derivative
 financial assets that do not fall into
any of the other categories described above.

Valuation methods for the Company’s invested assets are described above. All fair value valuations are performed in
accordance with IFRS 13 “Fair Value Measurement”. Disclosure of financial instruments carried at fair value within the three levels of the fair value hierarchy and disclosure of the fair value for financial instruments not carried at fair
value on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position are presented in note 3. Fair value valuations are performed by the Company and by third-party service providers. When third-party service providers are engaged, the Company performs a
variety of procedures to corroborate pricing information. These procedures may include, but are not limited to, inquiry and review of valuation techniques, inputs to the valuation and vendor controls reports.

Cash and short-term securities comprise of cash, current operating accounts, overnight bank and term deposits, and fixed income securities held for meeting short-term
cash commitments. Short-term securities are carried at fair value. Short-term securities are comprised of investments due to mature within one year of the date of purchase. Commercial paper and discount notes are classified as Level 2 because
these securities are typically not actively traded. Net payments in transit and overdraft bank balances are included in other liabilities.

Debt securities are
carried at fair value. Debt securities are generally valued by independent pricing vendors using proprietary pricing models incorporating current market inputs for similar instruments with comparable terms and credit quality (matrix pricing). The
significant inputs include, but are not limited to, yield curves, credit risks and spreads, prepayment rates and volatility of these inputs. These debt securities are classified as Level 2 but can be Level 3 if significant inputs are
market unobservable. Realized gains and losses on sale of debt securities and unrealized gains and losses on debt securities designated as FVTPL are recognized in investment income immediately. Unrealized gains and losses on AFS debt securities are
recorded in OCI, except for unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency translation which are included in income. Impairment losses on AFS debt securities are recognized in income on an individual security basis when there is objective evidence
of impairment. Impairment is considered to have occurred, based on management’s judgment, when it is deemed probable that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the debt security’s contractual terms.

Public equities are comprised of common and preferred equities and are carried at fair value. Public equities are generally classified as Level 1, as fair values are
normally based on quoted market prices. Realized gains and losses on sale of equities and unrealized gains and losses on equities designated as FVTPL are recognized in investment income immediately. Unrealized gains and losses on AFS equities are
recorded in OCI. Impairment losses on AFS equities are recognized in income on an individual security basis when there is objective evidence of impairment. Impairment is considered to have occurred when fair value has declined below cost by a
significant amount or for a prolonged period. Significant judgment is applied in determining whether the decline is significant or prolonged.

Mortgages are carried
at amortized cost and are classified as Level 3 for fair value purposes due to the lack of market observability of certain significant valuation inputs. Realized gains and losses are recorded in investment income immediately. Impairment losses
are recorded on mortgages when there is no longer reasonable assurance as to the timely collection of the full amount of principal and interest and are measured based on the discounted value of expected future cash flows at the original effective
interest rates inherent in the mortgage. Expected future cash flows of impaired mortgages are typically determined with reference to the fair value of collateral security underlying the mortgage, net of expected costs of realization and including
any applicable insurance recoveries. Significant judgment is applied in the determination of impairment including the timing and amount of future collections.

The
Company accounts for insured and uninsured mortgage securitizations as secured financing transactions since the criteria for sale accounting are not met. For these transactions, the Company continues to recognize the mortgages and records a
liability in other liabilities for the amounts owed at maturity. Interest income from these mortgages and interest expense on the borrowings are recorded using the effective interest rate method.

Private placements, which include corporate loans for which there is no active market, are carried at amortized cost and are generally classified as Level 2 for fair
value disclosure purposes or as Level 3 if significant inputs are market unobservable. Realized gains and losses are recorded in income immediately. Impairment losses are recorded on private placements when there is no longer assurance as to
the timely collection of the full amount of principal and interest. Impairment is measured based on the discounted value of expected future cash flows at the original effective interest rate inherent in the loan. Significant judgment is applied in
the determination of impairment including the timing and amount of future collections.

Policy loans are carried at an amount equal to their unpaid balances and are
classified as Level 2 for fair value disclosure purposes. Policy loans are fully collateralized by the cash surrender value of the underlying policies.

Loans to
Manulife Bank of Canada (“Manulife Bank” or “Bank”) clients are carried at amortized cost and are classified as Level 2 for fair value disclosure purposes. A loan to a Bank client is considered impaired when there is
objective evidence of impairment because of one or more loss events that have occurred after initial recognition, with a negative impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loan.

118
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Once established, allowances for impairment of mortgages, private placements and loans to Bank clients are reversed
only if the conditions that caused the impairment no longer exist. Reversals of impairment charges on AFS debt securities are only recognized in income to the extent that increases in fair value can be attributed to events after the impairment loss
being recorded. Impairment losses for AFS equity instruments are not reversed through income. On disposition of an impaired asset, any allowance for impairment is released.

In addition to impairments and provisions for loan losses (recoveries) reported in investment income, the measurement of insurance contract liabilities, via investment
return assumptions, includes expected future credit losses on fixed income investments. Refer to note 6(d).

Interest income is recognized on debt securities,
mortgages, private placements, policy loans and loans to Bank clients as it accrues and is calculated using the effective interest rate method. Premiums, discounts and transaction costs are amortized over the life of the underlying investment using
the effective yield method for all debt securities as well as mortgages and private placements.

The Company records purchases and sales of invested assets on a trade
date basis. Loans originated by the Company are recognized on a settlement date basis.

Real estate consists of both own use and investment property. Own use property
is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is calculated based on the cost of an asset less its residual value and is recognized in income on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful
life ranging from 30 to 60 years. Impairment losses are recorded in income to the extent the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount. Where own use property is included in assets backing insurance contract liabilities, the fair value of
the property is used in the valuation of insurance contract liabilities. Own use property is classified as Level 3 for fair value disclosure purposes.

An
investment property is a property held to earn rental income, for capital appreciation, or both. Investment properties are measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in income. Fair value is determined using external appraisals
that are based on the highest and best use of the property. The valuation techniques include discounted cash flows, the direct capitalization method as well as comparable sales analysis and include both observable and unobservable inputs. Inputs
include existing and assumed tenancies, market data from recent comparable transactions, future economic outlook and market risk assumptions, capitalization rates and internal rates of return. Investment properties are classified as Level 3 for
fair value disclosure purposes.

When a property changes from own use to investment property, any gain or loss arising on the remeasurement of the property to fair
value at the date of transfer is recognized in OCI, to the extent that it is not reversing a previous impairment loss. Reversals of impairment losses are recognized in income.

Other invested assets include private equity and property investments held in infrastructure and timber, as well as in agriculture and oil and gas sectors. Private equity
investments are accounted for as associates or joint ventures using the equity method (as described in note 1(d) above) or are classified as FVTPL or AFS and carried at fair value. Investments in oil and gas exploration and evaluation activities are
measured on the cost basis using the “successful efforts” method. Timber and agriculture properties are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in income, except for buildings, equipment and bearer plants which are
measured at amortized cost. The fair value of other invested assets is determined using a variety of valuation techniques as described in note 3. Other invested assets that are measured or disclosed at fair value are classified as Level 3.

Other invested assets also include investments in leveraged leases, which are accounted for using the equity method. The carrying value under the equity method reflects
the amortized cost of the lease receivable and related
non-recourse
 debt using the effective yield method.

(f)    Goodwill and intangible assets

Goodwill represents the difference between the fair value of purchase
consideration of an acquired business and the Company’s proportionate share of the net identifiable assets acquired. It is initially recorded at cost and subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated impairment.

Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable at the cash
generating unit (“CGU”) or group of CGUs level. The Company allocates goodwill to CGUs or groups of CGUs for impairment testing at the lowest level within the entity where the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. The
allocation is made to those CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose. Any potential impairment of goodwill is identified by comparing the recoverable amount with the carrying value
of a CGU or group of CGUs. Goodwill is reduced by the amount of deficiency, if any. If the deficiency exceeds the carrying amount of goodwill, the carrying values of the remaining assets in the CGU or group of CGUs are subject to being reduced by
the excess on a
pro-rata
 basis.

The recoverable amount of a CGU is the higher of the estimated fair value less costs to sell
or the
value-in-use
 of the CGU. In assessing
value-in-use,
 estimated future cash flows
are discounted using a
pre-tax
 discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. In some cases, the most recent detailed calculation made in a
prior period of the recoverable amount of a CGU is used in the testing of impairment of goodwill in the current period. This is the case only if there are no significant changes to the CGU, the likelihood of impairment is remote based on the
analysis of current events and circumstances, and the most recently calculated recoverable amount substantially exceeds the current carrying amount of the CGU.

119

Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives include the John Hancock brand name, certain investment management
contracts and agricultural water rights. The indefinite useful life assessment for the John Hancock brand name is based on the brand name being protected by indefinitely renewable trademarks in markets where branded products are sold, and for
certain investment management contracts based on the ability to renew these contracts indefinitely. In addition, there are no legal, regulatory or contractual provisions that limit the useful lives of these intangible assets. An intangible asset
with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but is subject to an annual impairment test which is performed more frequently if an indication that it is not recoverable arises.

Intangible assets with finite useful lives include acquired distribution networks, customer relationships, capitalized software, and certain investment management
contracts and other contractual rights. Distribution networks, customer relationships, and other finite life intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives, six to 68 years, either based on straight-line or in relation to other
asset consumption metrics. Software intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of three to 10 years. Finite life intangible assets are assessed for indicators of impairment at each reporting period. If
any indication of impairment arises, these assets are tested for impairment.

(g)    Miscellaneous assets

Miscellaneous assets include assets held in a rabbi trust with respect to unfunded defined benefit obligations, defined benefit assets, if any, deferred
acquisition costs and capital assets. Rabbi trust assets are carried at fair value. Defined benefit assets carrying value is explained in note 1(o). Deferred acquisition costs are carried at cost less accumulated amortization and are amortized over
the period redemption fees may be charged or over the period revenue is earned. Capital assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization computed on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which vary from two to 10 years.

(h)    Segregated funds

The Company manages segregated funds on behalf of policyholders. The investment returns on these funds are passed directly to policyholders. In some cases, the Company
has provided guarantees associated with these funds.

Segregated funds net assets are measured at fair value and include investments in mutual funds, debt securities,
equities, cash, short-term investments and other investments. With respect to the consolidation requirement of IFRS, in assessing the Company’s degree of control over the underlying investments, the Company considers the scope of its
decision-making rights, the rights held by other parties, its remuneration as an investment manager and its exposure to variability of returns from the investments. The Company has determined that it does not have control over the underlying
investments as it acts as an agent on behalf of segregated fund policyholders.

The methodology applied to determine the fair value of investments held in segregated
funds is consistent with that applied to invested assets held by the general fund, as described above in note 1(e). Segregated funds liabilities are measured based on the value of the segregated funds net assets. Investment returns on segregated
funds assets belong to policyholders and the Company does not bear the risk associated with these assets outside of guarantees offered on certain variable life and annuity products, for which the underlying investments are held within segregated
funds. Accordingly, investment income earned by segregated funds and expenses incurred by segregated funds are offset and are not separately presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Fee income earned by the Company for managing the
segregated funds is included in other revenue.

Liabilities related to guarantees associated with certain segregated funds, as a result of certain variable life and
annuity contracts, are recorded within the Company’s insurance contract liabilities. The Company holds assets supporting these guarantees in the general fund, which are included in invested assets according to their investment type.

(i)    Insurance and investment contract liabilities

Most contracts issued by the Company are considered insurance, investment or service contracts. Contracts under which the Company accepts significant insurance risk from
a policyholder are classified as insurance contracts in the Consolidated Financial Statements. A contract is considered to have significant insurance risk if, and only if, an insured event could cause an insurer to make significant additional
payments in any scenario, excluding scenarios that lack commercial substance at the inception of the contract. Contracts under which the Company does not accept significant insurance risk are either classified as investment contracts or considered
service contracts and are accounted for in accordance with IAS 39
 “
Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement
”
 or IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”, respectively.

Once a contract has been classified as an insurance contract it remains an insurance contract even if the insurance risk reduces significantly. Investment contracts can
be reclassified as insurance contracts if insurance risk subsequently becomes significant.

Insurance contract liabilities, net of reinsurance assets, represent the
amount which, together with estimated future premiums and net investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, policyholder dividends and refunds, taxes (other than income taxes) and expenses on policies
in-force.
 Insurance contract liabilities are presented gross of reinsurance assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The Company’s Appointed Actuary is responsible for determining the amount
of insurance contract liabilities in accordance with standards established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Insurance contract liabilities, net of reinsurance assets, have been determined using the Canadian Asset Liability Method
(“CALM”) as permitted by IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts”. Refer to note 6.

120
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Investment contract liabilities include contracts issued to retail and institutional investors that do not contain
significant insurance risk. Investment contract liabilities and deposits are measured at amortized cost or at FVTPL by election. The election reduces accounting mismatches between FVTPL assets supporting these contracts and the related contract
liabilities. Investment contract liabilities are derecognized when the contract expires, is discharged or is cancelled.

Derivatives embedded within insurance
contracts are separately accounted for as derivatives if they are not considered to be closely related to the host insurance contract and do not meet the definition of an insurance contract. These embedded derivatives are presented separately in
other assets or other liabilities and are measured at FVTPL.

(j)    Reinsurance assets

The Company uses reinsurance in the normal course of business to manage its risk exposure. Insurance ceded to a reinsurer does not relieve the Company from its
obligations to policyholders. The Company remains liable to its policyholders for the portion reinsured to the extent that any reinsurer does not meet its obligations for reinsurance ceded to it under a reinsurance agreement.

Reinsurance assets represent the benefit derived from reinsurance agreements
in-force
 at the reporting date, considering the
financial condition of the reinsurer. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers are estimated in accordance with the terms of the relevant reinsurance contract.

Gains or
losses on reinsurance transactions are recognized in income immediately on the transaction date and are not amortized. Premiums ceded and claims reimbursed are presented on a gross basis on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Reinsurance assets
are not offset against the related insurance contract liabilities and are presented separately on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Refer to note 6(a).

(k)    Other financial instruments accounted for as liabilities

The Company issues a variety of other financial instruments classified as liabilities, including notes payable, term notes, senior notes, senior debentures, subordinated
notes, surplus notes and preferred shares. These financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost, with issuance costs deferred and amortized using the effective interest rate method.

(l)    Income taxes

The
provision for income taxes is calculated based on income tax laws and income tax rates substantively enacted as at the date of the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The income tax provision is comprised of current income taxes and
deferred income taxes. Current and deferred income taxes relating to items recognized in OCI and directly in equity are similarly recognized in OCI and directly in equity, respectively.

Current income taxes are amounts expected to be payable or recoverable for the current year and any adjustments to taxes payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred income taxes are provided for using the liability method and result from temporary differences between the carrying values of assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases. Deferred income taxes are measured at the substantively enacted tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse.

A deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent that future realization of the tax benefit is probable. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are
reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the tax benefit will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities and they relate to income
taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except in respect
of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
reverse in the foreseeable future.

The Company records liabilities for uncertain tax positions if it is probable that the Company will make a payment on tax
positions due to examinations by tax authorities. These provisions are measured at the Company’s best estimate of the amount expected to be paid. Provisions are reversed to income in the period in which management assesses they are no longer
required or determined by statute.

The Company is subject to income tax laws in various jurisdictions. Tax laws are complex and potentially subject to different
interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant tax authority. The provision for current income taxes and deferred income taxes represents management’s interpretation of the relevant tax laws and its estimate of current and future income tax
implications of the transactions and events during the year. The Company may be required to change its provision for income taxes or deferred income tax balances when the ultimate deductibility of certain items is successfully challenged by taxing
authorities, or if estimates used in determining the amount of deferred tax balances to recognize change significantly, or when receipt of new information indicates the need for adjustment in the amount of deferred income taxes to be recognized.
Additionally, future events, such as changes in tax laws, tax regulations, or interpretations of such laws or regulations, could have an impact on the provision for income taxes, deferred tax balances and the effective tax rate. Any such changes
could materially affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements in the period these changes occur.

121

(m)    Foreign currency translation

Items included in the financial statements of each of the Company’s subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are measured by each entity using the currency of the
primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). If their functional currency is other than Canadian dollar, these entities are foreign operations of the Company.

Transactions in a foreign currency are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate prevailing at the date of the transaction. Assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate in effect at the reporting date. Revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the average exchange rate prevailing during
the quarter reported. Exchange gains and losses are recognized in income except for translation of net investments in foreign operations and the results of hedging these positions, and for
non-monetary
 items
designated as AFS. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in OCI until such time that the foreign operation or
non-monetary
 item is disposed of or control or significant influence over it is
lost.

The Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in Canadian dollars. The financial statements of the Company’s foreign operations are translated from
their functional currencies to Canadian dollars; assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate at the reporting date, and revenue and expenses are translated using the average exchange rates for the period. Foreign exchange gains and
losses on these translations are recognized in OCI, subject to reclassification to income upon disposal of a foreign operation.

(n)    Stock-based compensation

The Company provides stock-based compensation to certain employees and directors as described in note 14. Compensation expense of equity instruments granted is accrued
based on the best estimate of the number of instruments expected to vest, with revisions made to that estimate if subsequent information indicates that actual forfeitures are likely to differ from initial forfeiture estimates, unless forfeitures are
due to market-based conditions.

Stock options are expensed with a corresponding increase in contributed surplus. Restricted share units and deferred share units are
expensed with a corresponding liability accrued based on the market value of MFC’s common shares at the end of each quarter. Performance share units are expensed with a corresponding liability accrued based on specific performance conditions
and the market value of MFC’s common shares at the end of each quarter. The change in the value of the awards resulting from changes in the market value of MFC’s common shares or changes in the specific performance conditions and credited
dividends is recognized in income, offset by the impact of total return swaps used to manage the variability of the related liabilities.

Stock-based compensation
cost is recognized over the applicable vesting period, unless the employee is eligible to retire at the time of grant or will be eligible to retire during the vesting period. Compensation costs attributable to stock options, restricted share units,
and performance share units granted to employees who are eligible to retire on the grant date or who will become eligible to retire during the vesting period, are recognized at the grant date or over the period from the grant date to the date of
retirement eligibility, respectively.

The Company’s contributions to the Global Share Ownership Plan (“GSOP”) (refer to note 14(d)), are expensed as
incurred. Under the GSOP, subject to certain conditions, the Company will match a percentage of an employee’s eligible contributions to certain maximums. All contributions are used by the plan’s trustee to purchase MFC common shares in the
open market.

(o)    Employee future benefits

The Company maintains defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans and other post-employment plans for employees and agents including registered (tax qualified)
pension plans that are typically funded as well as supplemental
non-registered

(non-qualified)
 pension plans for executives, retiree and disability welfare plans that
are typically not funded.

The Company’s obligation in respect of defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefits is calculated for each plan as the
estimated present value of future benefits that eligible employees have earned in return for their service up to the reporting date using the projected benefit method. The discount rate used is based on the yield, as at the reporting date, of
high-quality corporate debt securities that have approximately the same term as the benefit obligations and that are denominated in the same currency in which the benefits are expected to be paid.

To determine the Company’s net defined benefit asset or liability, the fair value of plan assets is deducted from the defined benefit obligations. When this
calculation results in a surplus, the asset that can be recognized is limited to the present value of future economic benefit available in the form of future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan (the asset limit).
Defined benefit assets are included in other assets and defined benefit liabilities are included in other liabilities.

Changes in the net defined benefit asset or
liability due to
re-measurement
 of pension and retiree welfare plans are recorded in OCI in the period in which they occur and are not reclassified to income in subsequent periods. They consist of actuarial
gains and losses, the impact of the asset limit, if any, and the return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in net interest income or expense. Changes in the net defined benefit asset or liability due to

re-measurement
 of disability welfare plans are recorded in income in the period in which they occur.

The cost of defined
benefit pension plans is recognized over the employee’s years of service to retirement while the cost of retiree welfare plans is recognized over the employee’s years of service to their date of full eligibility. The net benefit cost for
the year is recorded in income and is calculated as the sum of the service cost in respect of the fiscal year, the net interest income or expense and any applicable

122
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

administration expenses, plus past service costs or credits resulting from plan amendments or curtailments. The net interest income or expense is determined by applying the discount rate to the
net defined benefit asset or liability. The current year cost of disability welfare plans is the year-over-year change in the defined benefit obligation, including any actuarial gains or losses.

The cost of defined contribution plans is the contribution provided by the Company and is recorded in income in the periods during which services are rendered by
employees.

(p)    Derivative and hedging instruments

The Company uses derivative financial instruments (“derivatives”) including swaps, forward and futures agreements, and options to manage current and anticipated
exposures to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and equity market prices, and to replicate permissible investments. Derivatives embedded in other financial instruments are separately recorded as derivatives when
their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host instrument, the terms of the embedded derivative are the same as those of a standalone derivative and the host instrument itself is not recorded at FVTPL.
Derivatives which are separate financial instruments are recorded at fair value, and those with unrealized gains reported as derivative assets and those with unrealized losses reported as derivative liabilities.

A determination is made for each derivative as to whether to apply hedge accounting. Where hedge accounting is not applied, changes in the fair value of derivatives are
recorded in investment income. Refer to note 3(c).

Where the Company has elected to apply hedge accounting, a hedging relationship is designated and documented at
inception. Hedge effectiveness is evaluated at inception and throughout the term of the hedge. Hedge accounting is only applied when the Company expects that the hedging relationship will be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair
value or changes in cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged. The assessment of hedge effectiveness is performed at the end of each reporting period both prospectively and retrospectively. When it is determined that a hedging relationship is
no longer effective, or the hedging instrument or the hedged item has been sold or terminated, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively. In such cases, if the derivatives are not sold or terminated, any subsequent changes in fair
value of the derivatives are recognized in investment income.

For derivatives that are designated as hedging instruments, changes in fair value are recorded
according to the nature of the risks being hedged, as discussed below.

In a fair value hedging relationship, changes in fair value of the hedging instruments are
recorded in investment income, offsetting changes in fair value of the hedged items, which would otherwise not be carried at fair value. Hedge ineffectiveness is recognized in investment income and arises from differences between changes in the fair
values of hedging instruments and hedged items. When hedge accounting is discontinued, the carrying value of the hedged item is no longer adjusted and the cumulative fair value adjustments are amortized to investment income over the remaining term
of the hedged item unless the hedged item is sold, at which time the balance is recognized immediately in investment income.

In a cash flow hedging relationship, the
effective portion of the change in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in OCI while the ineffective portion is recognized in investment income. Gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) are
recognized in income during the same periods that the variability in the hedged cash flows or the hedged forecasted transactions are recognized in income. The reclassifications from AOCI are made to investment income, except for total return swaps
that hedge stock-based compensation awards, which are reclassified to general expenses.

Gains and losses on cash flow hedges in AOCI are reclassified immediately to
investment income when the hedged item is sold, or the forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur. When a hedge is discontinued, but the hedged forecasted transaction is expected to occur, the amounts in AOCI are reclassified to
investment income in the periods during which variability in the cash flows hedged or the hedged forecasted transaction is recognized in income.

In a net investment
in foreign operations hedging relationship, gains and losses relating to the effective portion of the hedge are recorded in OCI. Gains and losses in AOCI are recognized in income during the periods when gains or losses on the underlying hedged net
investment in foreign operations are recognized in income upon disposal of the foreign operation.

(q)    Premium income
and related expenses

Gross premiums for all types of insurance contracts, and contracts with limited mortality or morbidity risk, are generally recognized
as revenue when due. Premiums are reported gross of reinsurance ceded (refer to note 6).

(r)    Revenue from service
contracts

The Company recognizes revenue from service contracts in accordance with IFRS 15. The Company’s service contracts generally impose
single performance obligations, each consisting of a series of similar related services for each customer. Revenue is recorded as performance obligations are satisfied over time because the customers simultaneously receive and consume the
benefits of the services rendered, measured using an output method. Revenue for variable consideration is recognized to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur
when the uncertainty is subsequently resolved. Refer to note 13.

123

Note 2     Accounting and Reporting Changes

(a) Changes in accounting and reporting policy

(i) Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations”

Amendments to IFRS 3
“Business Combinations” were issued in October 2018 and are effective for business combinations occurring on or after January 1, 2020, with earlier application permitted. The amendments revise the definition of a business and permit a
simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets qualifies as a business. Application of the amendments are expected to result in fewer acquisitions qualifying as business combinations. Adoption of these amendments did not
have a significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

(ii) Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” and
IAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors”

Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” and IAS 8
“Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” were issued in October 2018. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020 and are to be applied prospectively. The amendments
update the definition of material. Adoption of these amendments did not have a significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

(iii)
Interest Rate Benchmark Reform Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7

Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 were issued in September 2019 related to interest
rate benchmark reform and are effective retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020. The amendments provide temporary relief for hedge accounting to continue during the period of uncertainty before replacement of an
existing interest rate benchmark with an alternative risk-free rate. The amendments apply to all hedge accounting relationships that are affected by the interest rate benchmark reform. The IASB has issued further guidance addressing various
accounting issues that will arise when the existing interest rate benchmark has been replaced (refer to note 2(b)). Adoption of these amendments did not have a significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

(b) Future accounting and reporting changes

(i) IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” and IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”

Amendments to IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” were issued in June 2020 and include a
two-year
 deferral of the effective
date along with other changes targeted to address implementation concerns and challenges raised by stakeholders. Amendments include changes to loss recovery components for reinsurance contracts held, services related to investment activities and the
allocation of acquisition cash flows. IFRS 17 as amended, is effective for years beginning on January 1, 2023, to be applied retrospectively. If full retrospective application to a group of contracts is impractical, the modified retrospective
or fair value methods may be used.

In conjunction with the amendments to IFRS 17, the IASB also amended IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts” to permit eligible
insurers to apply IFRS 9 effective January 1, 2023, alongside IFRS 17.

The Company continues its assessment of the implications of this standard and expects
that it will have a significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. The establishment of a Contractual Service Margin on the Company’s
in-force
 business is expected to lead to
an increase in insurance contract liabilities and corresponding decrease in equity upon transition. The Contractual Service Margin represents unearned profits that are expected to amortize into income as services are provided. The Company
continues to evaluate the potential impacts of all other changes including available accounting policy choices under IFRS 17 on the measurement of its insurance contract liabilities.

(ii) Annual Improvements 2018–2020 Cycle

Annual Improvements
2018–2020 Cycle was issued in May 2020 and is effective on or after January 1, 2022. The IASB issued four minor amendments to different standards as part of the Annual Improvements process, to be applied prospectively. Adoption of these
amendments is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

(iii) Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business
Combinations”

Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” were issued in May 2020, and are effective on or after January 1, 2022, with
earlier application permitted. The amendments update references within IFRS 3 to the 2018 Conceptual Framework and require that the principles in IAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets” be used to identify
liabilities and contingent assets arising from a business combination. Adoption of these amendments is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

(iv) Amendments to IAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”

Amendments to IAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets” were issued in May 2020, and are effective on or after January 1, 2022,
with earlier application permitted. The amendments address identifying onerous contracts and specify the cost of fulfilling a contract which includes all costs directly relate to the contract. These include incremental direct costs and allocations
of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling the contract. Adoption of these amendments is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

124
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(v) Interest Rate Benchmark Reform Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16

Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 were issued in August 2020 related to interest rate benchmark reform and are effective retrospectively for annual
periods beginning January 1, 2021. The amendments provide relief from modification of financial assets and liabilities, and discontinuation of hedge relationships, when changing interest rate benchmarks from LIBOR to a replacement benchmark.
The amendments include a practical expedient to treat changes in risk free rates as a change to a floating interest rate with an update to the effective rate of interest, rather than as a change in future cash flows which might require adjustments
to carrying values through recording a modification gain or loss. Adoption of these amendments is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

Note 3    Invested Assets and Investment Income

(a) Carrying values and fair values of invested assets

As at December 31, 2020   FVTPL (1)   AFS (2)   Other (3)   Total carrying value (4)   Total fair value (5)
Cash and short-term securities (6)   $   2,079   $   18,314   $   5,774   $   26,167   $   26,167
Debt securities (7)
Canadian government and agency   20,667   4,548   –   25,215   25,215
U.S. government and agency   11,449   19,787   –   31,236   31,236
Other government and agency   19,732   4,613   –   24,345   24,345
Corporate   128,297   6,566   –   134,863   134,863
Mortgage/asset-backed securities   2,916   149   –   3,065   3,065
Public equities (8)   22,071   1,651   –   23,722   23,722
Mortgages   –   –   50,207   50,207   54,230
Private placements   –   –   40,756   40,756   47,890
Policy loans   –   –   6,398   6,398   6,398
Loans to Bank clients   –   –   1,976   1,976   1,982
Real estate
Own use property (9)   –   –   1,850   1,850   3,017
Investment property   –   –   10,982   10,982   10,982
Other invested assets
Alternative long-duration assets (10),(11)   16,183   88   9,901   26,172   27,029
Various other (12)   145   –   3,878   4,023   4,023
Total invested assets   $   223,539   $   55,716   $   131,722   $   410,977   $   424,164
As at December 31, 2019   FVTPL (1)   AFS (2)   Other (3)   Total carrying value (4)   Total fair value (5)
Cash and short-term securities (6)   $   1,859   $   13,084   $   5,357   $   20,300   $   20,300
Debt securities (7)
Canadian government and agency   18,582   4,779   –   23,361   23,361
U.S. government and agency   11,031   17,221   –   28,252   28,252
Other government and agency   17,383   4,360   –   21,743   21,743
Corporate   116,044   5,285   –   121,329   121,329
Mortgage/asset-backed securities   3,267   170   –   3,437   3,437
Public equities (8)   20,060   2,791   –   22,851   22,851
Mortgages   –   –   49,376   49,376   51,450
Private placements   –   –   37,979   37,979   41,743
Policy loans   –   –   6,471   6,471   6,471
Loans to Bank clients   –   –   1,740   1,740   1,742
Real estate
Own use property (9)   –   –   1,926   1,926   3,275
Investment property   –   –   11,002   11,002   11,002
Other invested assets
Alternative long-duration assets (10),(11)   15,252   99   9,492   24,843   25,622
Various other (12)   149   –   3,768   3,917   3,918
Total invested assets   $   203,627   $   47,789   $   127,111   $   378,527   $   386,496

(1)   FVTPL classification was elected for securities backing insurance contract liabilities to substantially reduce any
accounting mismatch arising from changes in the fair value of these assets and changes in the value of the related insurance contract liabilities. If this election had not been made and instead the AFS classification was selected, there would be an
accounting mismatch because changes in insurance contract liabilities are recognized in net income rather than in OCI.

(2)   Securities that are designated as AFS are not actively traded by the Company, but sales do occur as circumstances warrant.
Such sales result in a reclassification of any accumulated unrealized gain (loss) in AOCI to net income as a realized gain (loss).

(3)   Primarily includes assets classified as loans and carried at amortized cost, own use properties, investment properties,
equity method accounted investments, oil and gas investments, and leveraged leases. Refer to note 1(e) for further details regarding accounting policy.

125

(4)   Fixed income invested assets above include debt securities, mortgages, private placements and approximately $246 (2019
– $179) of other invested assets, which primarily have contractual cash flows that qualify as Solely Payment of Principal and Interest (“SPPI”). Fixed income invested assets which do not have SPPI qualifying cash flows as at
December 31, 2020 include debt securities, private placements and other invested assets with fair values of $94, $211 and $380, respectively (2019 – $98, $257 and $373). The change in the fair value of these invested assets during the year
was $44 (2019 – $71).

(5)   The methodologies used in determining fair values of invested assets are described in note 1(c) and note 3(g).

(6)   Includes short-term securities with maturities of less than one year at acquisition amounting to $7,062 (2019 –
$3,806), cash equivalents with maturities of less than 90 days at acquisition amounting to $13,331 (2019 – $11,136) and cash of $5,774 (2019 – $5,358).

(7)   Debt securities include securities which were acquired with maturities of less than one year and less than 90 days of
$1,971 and $129, respectively (2019 – $537 and $69).

(8)   Includes $229 (2019 – $12) of public equities that are managed in conjunction with the Company’s alternative
long duration asset (“ALDA”) strategy.

(9)   Includes accumulated depreciation of $376 (2019 – $414).

(10)   Includes investments in private equity of $7,954, infrastructure of $9,127, oil and gas of $2,296, timber and agriculture
of $4,819 and various other invested assets of $1,976 (2019 – $6,396, $8,854, $3,245, $4,669 and $1,679, respectively). In 2019, a group of investments in hydro-electric power of $418 was sold.

(11)   In 2019, the Company sold $1,112 of North American Private Equity investments to Manulife Private Equity Partners, L.P, a closed-end pooled fund of funds. The Company provides management services to the fund.

(12)   Includes $3,371 (2019 – $3,371) of leveraged leases. Refer to note 1(e) regarding accounting policy.

(b) Equity method accounted invested assets

Other invested assets include investments in associates and joint ventures which are accounted for using the equity method of accounting as presented in the following
table.

2020   2019
As at December 31,   Carrying value   % of total   Carrying value   % of total
Leveraged leases   $   3,371   40   $   3,371   43
Timber and agriculture   694   8   668   9
Real estate   1,187   14   1,031   13
Other   3,222   38   2,716   35
Total   $   8,474   100   $   7,786   100

The Company’s share of profit and dividends from these investments for the year ended December 31, 2020 were $315 and $2,
respectively (2019 – $369 and $2).

126
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(c) Investment income

For the year ended December 31, 2020   FVTPL   AFS   Other (1)   Total
Cash and short-term securities
Interest income   $   24   $   145   $   –   $   169
Gains (losses) (2)   (24   )   (112   )   –   (136   )
Debt securities
Interest income   5,805   692   –   6,497
Gains (losses) (2)   10,739   2,785   –   13,524
Impairment loss, net   (113   )   (6   )   –   (119   )
Public equities
Dividend income   517   38   –   555
Gains (losses) (2)   2,020   21   –   2,041
Impairment loss, net   –   (54   )   –   (54   )
Mortgages
Interest income   –   –   1,837   1,837
Gains (losses) (2)   –   –   86   86
Provision, net   –   –   (18   )   (18   )
Private placements
Interest income   –   –   1,883   1,883
Gains (losses) (2)   –   –   (18   )   (18   )
Impairment loss, net   –   –   (88   )   (88   )
Policy loans   –   –   390   390
Loans to Bank clients
Interest income   –   –   72   72
Provision, net   –   –   (2   )   (2   )
Real estate
Rental income, net of depreciation (3)   –   –   468   468
Gains (losses) (2)   –   –   (18   )   (18   )
Derivatives
Interest income, net   924   –   (31   )   893
Gains (losses) (2)   6,501   –   28   6,529
Other invested assets
Interest income   –   –   72   72
Oil and gas, timber, agriculture and other income   –   –   1,435   1,435
Gains (losses) (2)   (210   )   1   32   (177   )
Impairment loss, net   (9   )   (16   )   (396   )   (421   )
Total investment income   $   26,174   $   3,494   $   5,732   $   35,400
Investment income
Interest income   $   6,753   $   837   $   4,223   $   11,813
Dividend, rental and other income   517   38   1,903   2,458
Impairments, provisions and recoveries, net   (123   )   (76   )   (504   )   (703   )
Other   241   2,685   (61   )   2,865
7,388   3,484   5,561   16,433
Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on assets supporting insurance and investment contract liabilities and
on macro equity hedges
Debt securities   10,747   1   –   10,748
Public equities   1,908   9   –   1,917
Mortgages   –   –   86   86
Private placements   –   –   (47   )   (47   )
Real estate   –   –   1   1
Other invested assets   (318   )   –   103   (215   )
Derivatives, including macro equity hedging program   6,449   –   28   6,477
18,786   10   171   18,967
Total investment income   $   26,174   $   3,494   $   5,732   $   35,400

127

For the year ended December 31, 2019   FVTPL   AFS   Other (1)   Total
Cash and short-term securities
Interest income   $   32   $   281   $   –   $   313
Gains (losses) (2)   11   (29   )   –   (18   )
Debt securities
Interest income   5,557   783   –   6,340
Gains (losses) (2)   11,525   472   –   11,997
Recovery (impairment loss), net   (9   )   1   –   (8   )
Public equities
Dividend income   551   69   –   620
Gains (losses) (2)   3,079   109   –   3,188
Impairment loss, net   –   (24   )   –   (24   )
Mortgages
Interest income   –   –   1,951   1,951
Gains (losses) (2)   –   –   26   26
Provision, net   –   –   31   31
Private placements
Interest income   –   –   1,782   1,782
Gains (losses) (2)   –   –   (62   )   (62   )
Impairment loss, net   –   –   (35   )   (35   )
Policy loans   –   –   391   391
Loans to Bank clients
Interest income   –   –   87   87
Provision, net   –   –   (1   )   (1   )
Real estate
Rental income, net of depreciation (3)   –   –   505   505
Gains (losses) (2)   –   –   508   508
Derivatives
Interest income, net   579   –   (24   )   555
Gains (losses) (2)   2,653   –   (6   )   2,647
Other invested assets
Interest income   –   –   69   69
Oil and gas, timber, agriculture and other income   –   –   1,862   1,862
Gains (losses) (2)   742   (1   )   35   776
Recovery, net   –   –   93   93
Total investment income   $   24,720   $   1,661   $   7,212   $   33,593
Investment income
Interest income   $   6,168   $   1,064   $   4,256   $   11,488
Dividend, rental and other income   552   69   2,367   2,988
Impairments, provisions and recoveries, net   (9   )   (23   )   88   56
Other   265   539   57   861
6,976   1,649   6,768   15,393
Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on assets supporting insurance and investment contract liabilities and
on macro equity hedges
Debt securities   11,521   7   –   11,528
Public equities   2,865   5   –   2,870
Mortgages   –   –   26   26
Private placements   –   –   (62   )   (62   )
Real estate   –   –   514   514
Other invested assets   776   –   (28   )   748
Derivatives, including macro equity hedging program   2,582   –   (6   )   2,576
17,744   12   444   18,200
Total investment income   $   24,720   $   1,661   $   7,212   $   33,593

(1)   Primarily includes investment income on loans carried at amortized cost, own use properties, investment properties,
derivative and hedging instruments in cash flow hedging relationships, equity method accounted investments, oil and gas investments, and leveraged leases.

(2)   Includes net realized and unrealized gains (losses) for financial instruments at FVTPL, real estate investment properties,
and other invested assets measured at fair value. Also includes net realized gains (losses) for financial instruments at AFS and other invested assets carried at amortized cost.

(3)   Rental income from investment properties is net of direct operating expenses.

128
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(d) Investment expenses

The following table presents total investment expenses.

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Related to invested assets   $   649   $   617
Related to segregated, mutual and other funds   1,138   1,131
Total investment expenses   $   1,787   $   1,748

(e) Investment properties

The following table presents the rental income and direct operating expenses of investment properties.

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Rental income from investment properties   $   874   $   864
Direct operating expenses of rental investment properties   (491   )   (464   )
Total   $   383   $   400

(f) Mortgage securitization

The Company securitizes certain insured and uninsured fixed and variable rate residential mortgages and Home Equity Lines of Credit (“HELOC”) through creation
of mortgage-backed securities under the Canadian Mortgage Bond Program (“CMB”), and the HELOC securitization program.

Benefits received from the
securitization include interest spread between the asset and associated liability. There are no expected credit losses on securitized mortgages under the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (“CMHC”) sponsored CMB and the Platinum
Canadian Mortgage Trust (“PCMT”) HELOC securitization programs as they are insured by CMHC and other third-party insurance programs against borrowers’ default. Mortgages securitized in the Platinum Canadian Mortgage Trust II
(“PCMT II”) program are uninsured.

Cash flows received from the underlying securitized assets/mortgages are used to settle the related secured borrowing
liability. For CMB transactions, receipts of principal are deposited into a trust account for settlement of the liability at time of maturity. These transferred assets and related cash flows cannot be transferred or used for other purposes. For the
HELOC transactions, investors are entitled to periodic interest payments, and the remaining cash receipts of principal are allocated to the Company (the “Seller”) during the revolving period of the deal and are accumulated for settlement
during an accumulation period or repaid to the investor monthly during a reduction period, based on the terms of the note.

Securitized assets and secured
borrowing liabilities

As at December 31, 2020   Securitized assets
Securitization program   Securitized mortgages   Restricted cash and short-term securities   Total   Secured borrowing liabilities (2)
HELOC securitization (1)   $   2,356   $   –   $   2,356   $   2,250
CMB securitization   2,273   –   2,273   2,332
Total   $   4,629   $   –   $   4,629   $   4,582
As at December 31, 2019   Securitized assets
Securitization program   Securitized mortgages   Restricted cash and short-term securities   Total   Secured borrowing liabilities (2)
HELOC securitization (1)   $   2,285   $   8   $   2,293   $   2,250
CMB securitization   1,620   –   1,620   1,632
Total   $   3,905   $   8   $   3,913   $   3,882

(1)   Manulife Bank, a subsidiary, securitizes a portion of its HELOC receivables through Platinum Canadian Mortgage Trust
(“PCMT”), and Platinum Canadian Mortgage Trust II (“PCMT II”). PCMT funds the purchase of the co-ownership interests from Manulife Bank by issuing term notes collateralized by an underlying
pool of CMHC insured HELOCs to institutional investors. PCMT II funds the purchase of the co-ownership interests from Manulife Bank by issuing term notes collateralized by an underlying pool of uninsured
HELOCs to institutional investors. The restricted cash balance for the HELOC securitization reflects a cash reserve fund established in relation to the transactions. The reserve will be drawn upon only in the event of insufficient cash flows from
the underlying HELOCs to satisfy the secured borrowing liability.

(2)   Secured borrowing liabilities primarily comprise of Series 2011-1 notes with a
floating rate which are expected to mature on December 15, 2021, and the Series 2016-1 notes with a floating rate which are expected to mature on May 15, 2022. Manulife Bank also securitizes insured
amortizing mortgages under the National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (“NHA MBS”) program sponsored by CMHC. Manulife Bank participates in CMB programs by selling NHA MBS securities to Canada Housing Trust (“CHT”), as a
source of fixed rate funding.

As at December 31, 2020, the fair value of securitized assets and associated liabilities were $4,679 and $4,661,
respectively (2019 – $3,950 and $3,879).

129

(g) Fair value measurement

The following table presents the fair values of invested assets and segregated funds net assets measured at fair value categorized by the fair value hierarchy.

As at December 31, 2020   Total fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3
Cash and short-term securities
FVTPL   $   2,079   $   –   $   2,079   $   –
AFS   18,314   –   18,314   –
Other   5,774   5,774   –   –
Debt securities
FVTPL
Canadian government and agency   20,667   –   20,667   –
U.S. government and agency   11,449   –   11,449   –
Other government and agency   19,732   –   19,732   –
Corporate   128,297   –   127,787   510
Residential mortgage-backed securities   9   –   9   –
Commercial mortgage-backed securities   1,172   –   1,172   –
Other asset-backed securities   1,735   –   1,690   45
AFS
Canadian government and agency   4,548   –   4,548   –
U.S. government and agency   19,787   –   19,787   –
Other government and agency   4,613   –   4,613   –
Corporate   6,566   –   6,563   3
Residential mortgage-backed securities   1   –   1   –
Commercial mortgage-backed securities   93   –   93   –
Other asset-backed securities   55   –   55   –
Public equities
FVTPL   22,071   22,071   –   –
AFS   1,651   1,651   –   –
Real estate – investment
property (1)   10,982   –   –   10,982
Other invested assets (2)   19,149   100   –   19,049
Segregated funds net assets (3)   367,436   327,437   35,797   4,202
Total   $   666,180   $   357,033   $   274,356   $   34,791
As at December 31, 2019   Total fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3
Cash and short-term securities
FVTPL   $   1,859   $   –   $   1,859   $   –
AFS   13,084   –   13,084   –
Other   5,357   5,357   –   –
Debt securities
FVTPL
Canadian government and agency   18,582   –   18,582   –
U.S. government and agency   11,031   –   11,031   –
Other government and agency   17,383   –   17,383   –
Corporate   116,044   –   115,411   633
Residential mortgage-backed securities   13   –   13   –
Commercial mortgage-backed securities   1,271   –   1,271   –
Other asset-backed securities   1,983   –   1,983   –
AFS
Canadian government and agency   4,779   –   4,779   –
U.S. government and agency   17,221   –   17,221   –
Other government and agency   4,360   –   4,360   –
Corporate   5,285   –   5,270   15
Residential mortgage-backed securities   1   –   1   –
Commercial mortgage-backed securities   102   –   102   –
Other asset-backed securities   67   –   67   –
Public equities
FVTPL   20,060   20,060   –   –
AFS   2,791   2,788   3   –
Real estate – investment
property (1)   11,002   –   –   11,002
Other invested assets (2)   18,194   91   –   18,103
Segregated funds net assets (3)   343,108   303,567   35,029   4,512
Total   $   613,577   $   331,863   $   247,449   $   34,265

(1)   For investment properties, the significant unobservable inputs are capitalization rates (ranging from 2.75% to 8.50%
during the year and ranging from 2.75% to 8.75% during 2019) and terminal capitalization rates (ranging from 3.25% to 9.25% during the year and ranging from 3.80% to 9.25% during 2019). Holding other factors constant, a lower capitalization or
terminal capitalization rate will tend to increase the fair value of an investment property. Changes in fair value based on variations in unobservable inputs generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship between the directional changes
of each input is not usually linear.

130
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(2)   Other invested assets measured at fair value are held primarily in infrastructure and timber sectors. The significant
inputs used in the valuation of the Company’s infrastructure investments are primarily future distributable cash flows, terminal values and discount rates. Holding other factors constant, an increase to future distributable cash flows or
terminal values would tend to increase the fair value of an infrastructure investment, while an increase in the discount rate would have the opposite effect. Discount rates during the year ranged from 7.00% to 15.6% (2019 – ranged from 7.00% to
16.5%). Disclosure of distributable cash flow and terminal value ranges are not meaningful given the disparity in estimates by project. The significant inputs used in the valuation of the Company’s investments in timberland are timber prices
and discount rates. Holding other factors constant, an increase to timber prices would tend to increase the fair value of a timberland investment, while an increase in the discount rates would have the opposite effect. Discount rates during the year
ranged from 5.0% to 7.0% (2019 – ranged from 5.0% to 7.0%). A range of prices for timber is not meaningful as the market price depends on factors such as property location and proximity to markets and export yards.

(3)   Segregated funds net assets are measured at fair value. The Company’s Level 3 segregated funds assets are
predominantly in investment properties and timberland properties valued as described above.

The following table presents fair value of invested
assets not measured at fair value by the fair value hierarchy.

As at December 31, 2020   Carrying value   Fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3
Mortgages (1)   $   50,207   $   54,230   $   –   $   –   $   54,230
Private placements (2)   40,756   47,890   –   41,398   6,492
Policy loans (3)   6,398   6,398   –   6,398   –
Loans to Bank clients (4)   1,976   1,982   –   1,982   –
Real estate–own use property (5)   1,850   3,017   –   –   3,017
Other invested
assets (6)   11,046   11,903   128   –   11,775
Total invested assets disclosed at fair
value   $   112,233   $   125,420   $   128   $   49,778   $   75,514
As at December 31, 2019   Carrying value   Fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3
Mortgages (1)   $   49,376   $   51,450   $   –   $   –   $   51,450
Private placements (2)   37,979   41,743   –   36,234   5,509
Policy loans (3)   6,471   6,471   –   6,471   –
Loans to Bank clients (4)   1,740   1,742   –   1,742   –
Real estate–own use property (5)   1,926   3,275   –   –   3,275
Other invested
assets (6)   10,566   11,346   165   –   11,181
Total invested assets disclosed at fair
value   $   108,058   $   116,027   $   165   $   44,447   $   71,415

(1)   Fair value of commercial mortgages is determined through an internal valuation methodology using both observable and
unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs include credit assumptions and liquidity spread adjustments. Fair value of fixed-rate residential mortgages is determined using the discounted cash flow method. Inputs used for valuation are primarily
comprised of prevailing interest rates and prepayment rates, if applicable. Fair value of variable-rate residential mortgages is assumed to be their carrying value.

(2)   Fair value of private placements is determined through an internal valuation methodology using both observable and
unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs include credit assumptions and liquidity spread adjustments. Private placements are classified within Level 2 unless the liquidity adjustment constitutes a significant price impact, in which case the
securities are classified as Level 3.

(3)   Fair value of policy loans is equal to their unpaid principal balances.

(4)   Fair value of fixed-rate loans to Bank clients is determined using the discounted cash flow method. Inputs used for
valuation are primarily comprised of current interest rates. Fair value of variable-rate loans is assumed to be their carrying value.

(5)   Fair value of own use real estate and the fair value hierarchy are determined in accordance with the methodologies
described for real estate – investment property in note 1.

(6)   Primarily include leveraged leases, oil and gas properties and equity method accounted other invested assets. Fair value
of leveraged leases is disclosed at their carrying values as fair value is not routinely calculated on these investments. Fair value for oil and gas properties is determined using external appraisals based on discounted cash flow methodology. Inputs
used in valuation are primarily comprised of forecasted price curves, planned production, as well as capital expenditures, and operating costs. Fair value of equity method accounted other invested assets is determined using a variety of valuation
techniques including discounted cash flows and market comparable approaches. Inputs vary based on the specific investment.

As a result of
COVID-19
 and the recent economic downturn, significant measurement uncertainty exists in determining the fair value of real estate and other invested assets. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company
has recognized a reduction in the carrying value of oil and gas investments of $837 based on reasonable estimates and assumptions reflecting both the nature of the assets and currently available information which was subject to significant judgment.
For the methodologies used in determining carrying values of the invested assets, refer to note 1.

Transfers between Level 1 and Level 2

The Company records transfers of assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 at their fair values as at the end of each reporting period. Assets are
transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer transacted with sufficient frequency and volume in an active market. Conversely, assets are transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when transaction volume and frequency are indicative of
an active market. The Company had $nil of assets transferred between Level 1 and Level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.

For
segregated funds net assets, the Company had $nil transfers from Level 1 to Level 2 for the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019 – $nil). The Company had $15 transfers from Level 2 to Level 1 for the year ended
December 31, 2020 (2019 – $nil).

Invested assets and segregated funds net assets measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)

The Company classifies fair values of invested assets and segregated funds net assets as Level 3 if there are no observable markets for these assets or, in
the absence of active markets, most of the inputs used to determine fair value are based on the Company’s own assumptions about market participant assumptions. The Company prioritizes the use of market-based inputs over entity-based assumptions
in determining Level 3 fair values. The gains and losses in the table below includes the changes in fair value due to both observable and unobservable factors.

131

The following table presents a roll forward for invested assets, derivatives and segregated funds net assets measured
at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.

For the year ended December 31, 2020   Balance, January 1, 2020   Total gains (losses) included in net income (1)   Total gains (losses) included in AOCI (2)   Purchases   Sales   Settlements   Transfer in (3),(4)   Transfer out (3),(4)   Currency movement   Balance, December 31, 2020   Change in unrealized gains (losses) on assets still held
Debt securities
FVTPL
Corporate   $   633   $   4   $   –   $   54   $   (272   )   $   (1   )   $   151   $   (50   )   $   (9   )   $   510   $   105
Other securitized assets   –   (8   )   –   –   –   (1   )   55   –   (1   )   45   –
AFS
Corporate   15   (6   )   2   –   –   –   5   (13   )   –   3   –
Real estate – investment property   11,002   (255   )   –   572   (318   )   –   47   –   (66   )   10,982   (300   )
Other invested assets   18,103   (401   )   (49   )   3,162   (1,076   )   (638   )   92   (3   )   (141   )   19,049   (902   )
Total invested assets   29,753   (666   )   (47   )   3,788   (1,666   )   (640   )   350   (66   )   (217   )   30,589   (1,097   )
Derivatives   1,456   2,953   (18   )   12   –   (1,165   )   –   342   (137   )   3,443   2,033
Segregated funds net assets   4,512   (6   )   –   (84   )   (149   )   (26   )   2   (3   )   (44   )   4,202   45
Total   $   35,721   $   2,281   $   (65   )   $   3,716   $   (1,815   )   $   (1,831   )   $   352   $   273   $   (398   )   $   38,234   $   981

For the year ended December 31, 2019   Balance, January 1, 2019   Total gains (losses) included in net income (1)   Total gains (losses) included in AOCI (2)   Purchases   Sales   Settlements   Transfer in (3),(4)   Transfer out (3),(4)   Currency movement   Balance, December 31, 2019   Change in unrealized gains (losses) on assets still held
Debt securities
FVTPL
Other government & agency   $   180   $   1   $   –   $   16   $   (18   )   $   –   $   –   $   (178   )   $   (1   )   $   –   $   –
Corporate   784   35   –   43   (88   )   (18   )   514   (604   )   (33   )   633   47
Residential mortgage-backed securities   7   –   –   –   (1   )   –   –   (6   )   –   –   –
AFS
Other government & agency   37   1   –   5   (12   )   –   –   (31   )   –   –   –
Corporate   122   1   –   13   (21   )   (4   )   –   (94   )   (2   )   15   –
Commercial mortgage-backed securities   –   –   –   37   –   –   –   (37   )   –   –   –
Public equities
FVTPL   3   1,739   –   –   (1,679   )   –   –   –   (63   )   –   1,510
Real estate – investment property   10,761   506   –   440   (457   )   –   15   –   (263   )   11,002   468
Other invested assets   17,562   (1,028   )   2   3,401   (144   )   (1,031   )   2   –   (661   )   18,103   (923   )
Total invested assets   29,456   1,255   2   3,955   (2,420   )   (1,053   )   531   (950   )   (1,023   )   29,753   1,102
Derivatives   106   1,884   44   42   –   (685   )   135   (34   )   (36   )   1,456   1,423
Segregated funds net assets   4,447   148   –   193   (140   )   (30   )   –   –   (106   )   4,512   111
Total   $   34,009   $   3,287   $   46   $   4,190   $   (2,560   )   $   (1,768   )   $   666   $   (984   )   $   (1,165   )   $   35,721   $   2,636

132
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(1)   These amounts are included in net investment income on the Consolidated Statements of Income except for the amount related
to segregated funds net assets, where the amount is recorded in changes in segregated funds net assets, refer to note 22.

(2)   These amounts are included in AOCI on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

(3)   The Company uses fair values of the assets at the beginning of the year for assets transferred into and out of
Level 3 except for derivatives, refer to footnote 4 below.

(4)   For derivatives transfer into or out of Level 3, the Company uses fair value at the end of the year and at the
beginning of the year, respectively.

Transfers into Level 3 primarily result from securities that were impaired during the year or securities
where a lack of observable market data (versus the previous period) resulted in reclassifying assets into Level 3. Transfers from Level 3 primarily result from observable market data now being available for the entire term structure of the
debt security.

Note 4    Derivative and Hedging Instruments

Derivatives are financial contracts, the value of which is derived from underlying interest rates, foreign exchange rates, other financial instruments, commodity prices
or indices. The Company uses derivatives including swaps, forward and futures agreements, and options to manage current and anticipated exposures to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and equity market prices, and to
replicate permissible investments.

Swaps are
over-the-counter
 (“OTC”)
contractual agreements between the Company and a third party to exchange a series of cash flows based upon rates applied to a notional amount. For interest rate swaps, counterparties generally exchange fixed or floating interest rate payments based
on a notional value in a single currency. Cross currency swaps involve the exchange of principal amounts between parties as well as the exchange of interest payments in one currency for the receipt of interest payments in another currency. Total
return swaps are contracts that involve the exchange of payments based on changes in the values of a reference asset, including any returns such as interest earned on these assets, in return for amounts based on reference rates specified in the
contract.

Forward and futures agreements are contractual obligations to buy or sell a financial instrument, foreign currency or other underlying commodity on a
predetermined future date at a specified price. Forward contracts are OTC contracts negotiated between counterparties, whereas futures agreements are contracts with standard amounts and settlement dates that are traded on regulated exchanges.

Options are contractual agreements whereby the holder has the right, but not the obligation, to buy (call option) or sell (put option) a security, exchange rate, interest
rate, or other financial instrument at a predetermined price/rate within a specified time.

See variable annuity dynamic hedging strategy in the “Risk
Management” section of the Company’s 2020 MD&A for an explanation of the Company’s dynamic hedging strategy for its variable annuity product guarantees.

(a) Fair value of derivatives

The pricing models
used to value OTC derivatives are based on market standard valuation methodologies and the inputs to these models are consistent with what a market participant would use when pricing the instruments. Derivative valuations can be affected by changes
in interest rates, currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk (including the counterparties to the contract), and market volatility. The significant inputs to the pricing models for most OTC derivatives are inputs that
are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data and are classified as Level 2. Inputs that are observable generally include interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rate curves. However, certain OTC
derivatives may rely on inputs that are significant to the fair value that are not observable in the market or cannot be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data and these derivatives are classified as Level 3.
Inputs that are unobservable generally include broker quoted prices, volatilities and inputs that are outside of the observable portion of the interest rate curve or other relevant market measures. These unobservable inputs may involve significant
management judgment or estimation. Even though unobservable, these inputs are based on assumptions deemed appropriate given the circumstances and consistent with what market participants would use when pricing such instruments. The Company’s
use of unobservable inputs is limited and the impact on derivative fair values does not represent a material amount as evidenced by the limited amount of Level 3 derivatives. The credit risk of both the counterparty and the Company are
considered in determining the fair value for all OTC derivatives after considering the effects of netting agreements and collateral arrangements.

133

The following table presents gross notional amount and fair value of derivative instruments by the underlying risk
exposure.

As at December 31,   2020   2019
Notional amount   Fair value   Notional amount   Fair value
Type of hedge   Instrument type   Assets   Liabilities   Assets   Liabilities
Qualifying hedge accounting relationships
Fair value hedges   Interest rate swaps   $   82   $   1   $   –   $   350   $   –   $   5
Foreign currency swaps   57   –   4   86   3   1
Cash flow hedges   Foreign currency swaps   1,756   24   468   1,790   39   407
Equity contracts   127   6   –   132   16   –
Net investment hedges   Forward contracts   628   1   10   2,822   7   22
Total derivatives in qualifying hedge accounting
relationships   2,650   32   482   5,180   65   435
Derivatives not designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships
Interest rate swaps   287,182   21,332   12,190   283,172   15,159   8,140
Interest rate futures   16,750   –   –   13,069   –   –
Interest rate options   11,622   663   –   12,248   423   –
Foreign currency swaps   31,491   838   1,659   26,329   606   1,399
Currency rate futures   3,467   –   –   3,387   –   –
Forward contracts   38,853   3,833   565   33,432   2,337   273
Equity contracts   15,738   1,092   66   14,582   853   37
Credit default swaps   241   3   –   502   6   –
Equity futures   10,984   –   –   10,576   –   –
Total derivatives not designated in qualifying hedge
accounting relationships   416,328   27,761   14,480   397,297   19,384   9,849
Total derivatives   $   418,978   $   27,793   $   14,962   $   402,477   $   19,449   $   10,284

The following table presents fair values of derivative instruments by the remaining term to maturity. The fair values disclosed below do
not incorporate the impact of master netting agreements. Refer to note 8.

Remaining term to maturity
As at December 31, 2020   Less than 1 year   1 to 3 years   3 to 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Derivative assets   $   1,656   $   3,524   $   1,228   $   21,385   $   27,793
Derivative liabilities   386   250   555   13,771   14,962
Remaining term to maturity
As at December 31, 2019   Less than 1 year   1 to 3 years   3 to 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Derivative assets   $   1,248   $   1,659   $   1,309   $   15,233   $   19,449
Derivative liabilities   332   145   218   9,589   10,284

134
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table presents gross notional amount by the remaining term to maturity, total fair value (including
accrued interest), credit risk equivalent and risk-weighted amount by contract type.

Remaining term to maturity (notional amounts)   Fair value   Risk- weighted amount (2)
As at December 31, 2020   Under 1 year   1 to 5 years   Over 5 years   Total   Positive   Negative   Net   Credit risk equivalent (1)
Interest rate contracts
OTC swap contracts   $   7,567   $   20,852   $   110,166   $   138,585   $   21,803   $   (12,816   )   $   8,987   $   8,773   $   1,181
Cleared swap contracts   2,314   18,784   127,581   148,679   432   (424   )   8   –   –
Forward contracts   11,092   18,355   1,259   30,706   3,739   (462   )   3,277   603   80
Futures   16,750   –   –   16,750   –   –   –   –   –
Options purchased   1,572   3,922   6,128   11,622   664   –   664   665   93
Subtotal   39,295   61,913   245,134   346,342   26,638   (13,702   )   12,936   10,041   1,354
Foreign exchange
Swap contracts   1,670   8,490   23,144   33,304   855   (2,195   )   (1,340   )   2,979   327
Forward contracts   8,741   34   –   8,775   95   (113   )   (18   )   160   18
Futures   3,467   –   –   3,467   –   –   –   –   –
Credit derivatives   192   49   –   241   3   –   3   –   –
Equity contracts
Swap contracts   1,227   289   –   1,516   43   (51   )   (8   )   384   46
Futures   10,984   –   –   10,984   –   –   –   –   –
Options purchased   8,168   6,181   –   14,349   1,051   (15   )   1,036   5,116   664
Subtotal including accrued interest   73,744   76,956   268,278   418,978   28,685   (16,076   )   12,609   18,680   2,409
Less accrued interest   –   –   –   –   892   (1,114   )   (222   )   –   –
Total   $   73,744   $   76,956   $   268,278   $   418,978   $   27,793   $   (14,962   )   $   12,831   $   18,680   $   2,409
Remaining term to maturity (notional amounts)   Fair value   Risk- weighted amount (2)
As at December 31, 2019   Under 1 year   1 to 5 years   Over 5 years   Total   Positive   Negative   Net   Credit risk equivalent (1)
Interest rate contracts
OTC swap contracts   $   5,105   $   22,288   $   112,863   $   140,256   $   15,627   $   (8,910   )   $   6,717   $   6,891   $   957
Cleared swap contracts   3,932   11,499   127,835   143,266   238   (240   )   (2   )   –   –
Forward contracts   11,709   15,089   1,283   28,081   2,312   (253   )   2,059   398   53
Futures   13,069   –   –   13,069   –   –   –   –   –
Options purchased   1,266   4,454   6,528   12,248   423   –   423   560   77
Subtotal   35,081   53,330   248,509   336,920   18,600   (9,403   )   9,197   7,849   1,087
Foreign exchange
Swap contracts   998   7,519   19,688   28,205   642   (1,864   )   (1,222   )   2,515   279
Forward contracts   8,173   –   –   8,173   32   (42   )   (10   )   138   16
Futures   3,387   –   –   3,387   –   –   –   –   –
Credit derivatives   275   227   –   502   6   –   6   –   –
Equity contracts
Swap contracts   1,233   164   –   1,397   43   (16   )   27   236   29
Futures   10,576   –   –   10,576   –   –   –   –   –
Options purchased   6,604   6,633   80   13,317   821   (20   )   801   3,418   448
Subtotal including accrued interest   66,327   67,873   268,277   402,477   20,144   (11,345   )   8,799   14,156   1,859
Less accrued interest   –   –   –   –   695   (1,061   )   (366   )   –   –
Total   $   66,327   $   67,873   $   268,277   $   402,477   $   19,449   $   (10,284   )   $   9,165   $   14,156   $   1,859

(1)   Credit risk equivalent is the sum of replacement cost and the potential future credit exposure. Replacement cost
represents the current cost of replacing all contracts with a positive fair value. The amounts take into consideration legal contracts that permit offsetting of positions. The potential future credit exposure is calculated based on a formula
prescribed by OSFI.

(2)   Risk-weighted amount represents the credit risk equivalent, weighted according to the creditworthiness of the
counterparty, as prescribed by OSFI.

The total notional amount of $419 billion (2019 – $402 billion) includes $183 billion (2019 – $128
billion) related to derivatives utilized in the Company’s variable annuity guarantee dynamic hedging and macro equity risk hedging programs. Due to the Company’s variable annuity hedging practices, a large number of trades are in
offsetting positions, resulting in materially lower net fair value exposure to the Company than what the gross notional amount would suggest.

135

Fair value and the fair value hierarchy of derivative instruments

As at December 31, 2020   Fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3
Derivative assets
Interest rate contracts   $   25,735   $   –   $   21,902   $   3,833
Foreign exchange contracts   957   –   957   –
Equity contracts   1,098   –   1,051   47
Credit default swaps   3   –   3   –
Total derivative assets   $   27,793   $   –   $   23,913   $   3,880
Derivative liabilities
Interest rate contracts   $   12,652   $   –   $   12,271   $   381
Foreign exchange contracts   2,244   –   2,239   5
Equity contracts   66   –   15   51
Total derivative liabilities   $   14,962   $   –   $   14,525   $   437
As at December 31, 2019   Fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3
Derivative assets
Interest rate contracts   $   17,894   $   –   $   15,801   $   2,093
Foreign exchange contracts   680   –   680   –
Equity contracts   869   –   821   48
Credit default swaps   6   –   6   –
Total derivative assets   $   19,449   $   –   $   17,308   $   2,141
Derivative liabilities
Interest rate contracts   $   8,397   $   –   $   7,730   $   667
Foreign exchange contracts   1,850   –   1,849   1
Equity contracts   37   –   20   17
Total derivative liabilities   $   10,284   $   –   $   9,599   $   685

Level 3 roll forward information for net derivative contracts measured using significant unobservable inputs is disclosed in note
3(g).

(b) Hedging relationships

The Company
uses derivatives for economic hedging purposes. In certain circumstances, these hedges also meet the requirements of hedge accounting. Risk management strategies eligible for hedge accounting are designated as fair value hedges, cash flow hedges or
net investment hedges, as described below.

Fair value hedges

The Company
uses interest rate swaps to manage its exposure to changes in the fair value of fixed rate financial instruments due to changes in interest rates. The Company also uses cross currency swaps to manage its exposure to foreign exchange rate
fluctuations, interest rate fluctuations, or both.

The Company recognizes gains and losses on derivatives and the related hedged items in fair value hedges in
investment income. These investment gains (losses) are shown in the following table.

For the year ended December 31, 2020   Hedged items in qualifying fair value hedging relationships   Gains (losses) recognized on derivatives   Gains (losses) recognized for hedged items   Ineffectiveness recognized in investment income
Interest rate swaps   Fixed rate liabilities   $   4   $   (2   )   $   2
Foreign currency swaps   Fixed rate assets   (2   )   3   1
Total   $   2   $   1   $   3
For the year ended December 31, 2019   Hedged items in qualifying fair value hedging relationships   Gains (losses) recognized on derivatives   Gains (losses) recognized for hedged items   Ineffectiveness recognized in investment income
Interest rate swaps   Fixed rate liabilities   $   8   $   (6   )   $   2
Foreign currency swaps   Fixed rate assets   (1   )   2   1
Total   $   7   $   (4   )   $   3

Cash flow hedges

The Company uses interest
rate swaps to hedge the variability in cash flows from variable rate financial instruments and forecasted transactions. The Company also uses cross currency swaps and foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability from foreign currency
financial instruments and foreign currency expenses. Total return swaps are used to hedge the variability in cash flows

136
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

associated with certain stock-based compensation awards. Inflation swaps are used to reduce inflation risk generated from inflation-indexed liabilities.

The effects of derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships on the Consolidated Statements of Income and the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income are shown
in the following table.

For the year ended December 31, 2020   Hedged items in qualifying cash flow hedging relationships   Gains (losses) deferred in AOCI on derivatives   Gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into investment income   Ineffectiveness recognized in investment income
Foreign currency swaps   Fixed rate assets   $   1   $   –   $   –
Floating rate liabilities   (64   )   14   –
Fixed rate liabilities   (14   )   (2   )   –
Equity contracts   Stock-based compensation   (2   )   16   –
Total   $   (79   )   $   28   $   –
For the year ended December 31, 2019   Hedged items in qualifying cash flow hedging relationships   Gains (losses) deferred in AOCI on derivatives   Gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into investment income   Ineffectiveness recognized in investment income
Foreign currency swaps   Fixed rate assets   $   (2   )   $   1   $   –
Floating rate liabilities   (40   )   37   –
Fixed rate liabilities   (41   )   (35   )   –
Forward contracts   Forecasted expenses   –   (9   )   –
Equity contracts   Stock-based compensation   35   (9   )   –
Total   $   (48   )   $   (15   )   $   –

The Company anticipates that net losses of approximately $11 will be reclassified from AOCI to net income within the next 12 months. The
maximum time frame for which variable cash flows are hedged is 16 years.

Hedges of net investments in foreign operations

The Company primarily uses forward currency contracts, cross currency swaps and
non-functional
 currency denominated debt to manage
its foreign currency exposures to net investments in foreign operations.

The effects of net investment hedging relationships on the Consolidated Statements of Income
and the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income are shown in the following table.

For the year ended December 31, 2020   Gains (losses) deferred in AOCI   Gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into investment income   Ineffectiveness recognized in investment income
Non-functional currency denominated debt   $   161   $   –   $   –
Forward contracts   (53   )   –   –
Total   $   108   $   –   $   –
For the year ended December 31, 2019   Gains (losses) deferred in AOCI   Gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into investment income   Ineffectiveness recognized in investment income
Non-functional currency denominated debt   $   279   $   –   $   –
Forward contracts   80   –   –
Total   $   359   $   –   $   –

(c) Derivatives not designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships

Derivatives used in portfolios supporting insurance contract liabilities are generally not designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships because the change in
the value of the insurance contract liabilities economically hedged by these derivatives is recorded through net income. Since changes in fair value of these derivatives and related hedged risks are recognized in investment income as they occur,
they generally offset the change in hedged risk to the extent the hedges are economically effective. Interest rate and cross currency swaps are used in the portfolios supporting insurance contract liabilities to manage duration and currency risks.

137

Investment income on derivatives not designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Interest rate swaps   $   2,423   $   1,483
Interest rate futures   894   571
Interest rate options   291   96
Foreign currency swaps   (55   )   (242   )
Currency rate futures   (47   )   88
Forward contracts   3,785   2,815
Equity futures   (1,111   )   (2,436   )
Equity contracts   322   277
Credit default swaps   (4   )   (3   )
Total   $   6,498   $   2,649

(d) Embedded derivatives

Certain insurance contracts contain features that are classified as embedded derivatives and are measured separately at FVTPL, including reinsurance contracts related to
guaranteed minimum income benefits and contracts containing certain credit and interest rate features.

Certain reinsurance contracts related to guaranteed minimum
income benefits contain embedded derivatives requiring separate measurement at FVTPL as the financial component contained in the reinsurance contracts does not contain significant insurance risk. As at December 31, 2020, reinsurance ceded
guaranteed minimum income benefits had a fair value of $1,007 (2019 – $981) and reinsurance assumed guaranteed minimum income benefits had a fair value of $112 (2019 – $109). Claims recovered under reinsurance ceded contracts offset claims
expenses and claims paid on the reinsurance assumed are reported as contract benefits.

The Company’s credit and interest rate embedded derivatives promise to
pay the returns on a portfolio of assets to the contract holder. These embedded derivatives contain a credit and interest rate risk that is a financial risk embedded in the underlying insurance contract. As at December 31, 2020, these embedded
derivatives had a fair value of $(229) (2019 – $(137)).

Other financial instruments classified as embedded derivatives but exempt from separate measurement at
fair value include variable universal life and variable life products’ minimum guaranteed credited rates, no lapse guarantees, guaranteed annuitization options, CPI indexing of benefits, and segregated fund minimum guarantees other than
reinsurance ceded/assumed guaranteed minimum income benefits. These embedded derivatives are measured and reported within insurance contract liabilities and are exempt from separate fair value measurement as they contain insurance risk and/or are
closely related to the insurance host contract.

138
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 5     Goodwill and Intangible Assets

(a) Change in the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets

The following table presents the change in carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets.

As at December 31, 2020   Balance, January 1   Net additions/ (disposals)   Amortization expense   Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   Balance, December 31
Goodwill   $   5,743   $   (5   )   $   n/a   $   (24   )   $   5,714
Indefinite life intangible assets
Brand   779   –   n/a   (15   )   764
Fund management contracts and other (1)   805   (2   )   n/a   (7   )   796
1,584   (2   )   n/a   (22   )   1,560
Finite life intangible assets (2)
Distribution networks   801   59   42   (12   )   806
Customer relationships   795   –   54   (3   )   738
Software   991   262   189   (5   )   1,059
Other   61   (9   )   4   4   52
2,648   312   289   (16   )   2,655
Total intangible assets   4,232   310   289   (38   )   4,215
Total goodwill and intangible
assets   $   9,975   $   305   $   289   $   (62   )   $   9,929
As at December 31, 2019   Balance, January 1   Net additions/ (disposals)   Amortization expense   Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   Balance, December 31
Goodwill   $   5,864   $   (6   )   $   n/a   $   (115   )   $   5,743
Indefinite life intangible assets
Brand   819   –   n/a   (40   )   779
Fund management contracts and other (1)   798   32   n/a   (25   )   805
1,617   32   n/a   (65   )   1,584
Finite life intangible assets (2)
Distribution networks   868   6   44   (29   )   801
Customer relationships   860   (2   )   54   (9   )   795
Software   821   357   168   (19   )   991
Other   67   –   5   (1   )   61
2,616   361   271   (58   )   2,648
Total intangible assets   4,233   393   271   (123   )   4,232
Total goodwill and intangible
assets   $   10,097   $   387   $   271   $   (238   )   $   9,975

(1)   Fund management contracts were mostly allocated to Canada WAM and U.S. WAM CGUs with the carrying values of $273 (2019
– $273) and $373 (2019 – $380), respectively.

(2)   Gross carrying amount of finite life intangible assets was $1,332 for distribution networks, $1,130 for customer
relationships, $2,310 for software and $123 for other (2019 – $1,292, $1,133, $2,239 and $130), respectively.

(b)
Goodwill impairment testing

The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2020 by determining the recoverable
amounts of its businesses using valuation techniques discussed below (refer to notes 1(f) and 5(c)). The review indicated that there was no impairment of goodwill in 2020 (2019 – $nil).

139

The following tables present the carrying value of goodwill by CGU or group of CGUs.

As at December 31, 2020 CGU or group of CGUs   Balance, January 1,   Net additions/ (disposals)   Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   Balance, December 31,
Asia
Asia Insurance (excluding Japan)   $   159   $   –   $   –   $   159
Japan Insurance   420   –   13   433
Canada Insurance   1,957   –   (2   )   1,955
U.S. Insurance   349   (5   )   (6   )   338
Global Wealth and Asset Management
Asia WAM   187   –   (2   )   185
Canada WAM   1,436   –   –   1,436
U.S. WAM   1,235   –   (27   )   1,208
Total   $   5,743   $   (5   )   $   (24   )   $   5,714
As at December 31, 2019 CGU or group of CGUs   Balance, January 1,   Net additions/ (disposals)   Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   Balance, December 31,
Asia
Asia Insurance (excluding Japan)   $   165   $   –   $   (6   )   $   159
Japan Insurance   435   –   (15   )   420
Canada Insurance   1,962   –   (5   )   1,957
U.S. Insurance   367   –   (18   )   349
Global Wealth and Asset Management
Asia WAM   196   –   (9   )   187
Canada WAM   1,436   –   –   1,436
U.S. WAM   1,303   (6   )   (62   )   1,235
Total   $   5,864   $   (6   )   $   (115   )   $   5,743

The valuation techniques, significant assumptions and sensitivities, where applicable, applied in the goodwill impairment testing are
described below.

(c) Valuation techniques

When determining if a CGU is impaired, the Company compares its recoverable amount to the allocated capital for that unit, which is aligned with the Company’s
internal reporting practices. The recoverable amounts were based on fair value less costs to sell (“FVLCS”) for Asia Insurance (excluding Japan) and Asia WAM. For other CGUs,

value-in-use
 (“VIU”) was used.

Under the FVLCS approach, the Company
determines the fair value of the CGU or group of CGUs using an earnings-based approach which incorporates forecasted earnings, excluding interest and equity market impacts and normalized new business expenses multiplied by an earnings-multiple
derived from the observable
price-to-earnings
 multiples of comparable financial institutions. The

price-to-earnings
 multiple used by the Company for testing was 10.7 (2019 – 10.3). These FVLCS valuations are categorized as Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy (2019 – Level 3).

Under the VIU approach, used for CGUs with insurance business, an embedded appraisal value is determined from a projection of
future distributable earnings derived from both the
in-force
 business and new business expected to be sold in the future, and therefore, reflects the economic value for each CGU’s or group of CGUs’
profit potential under a set of assumptions. This approach requires assumptions including sales and revenue growth rates, capital requirements, interest rates, equity returns, mortality, morbidity, policyholder behaviour, tax rates and discount
rates. For
non-insurance
 CGUs, the VIU is based on discounted cash flow analysis which incorporates relevant aspects of the embedded appraisal value approach.

(d) Significant assumptions

To calculate embedded
appraisal value, the Company discounted projected earnings from
in-force
 contracts and valued 20 years of new business growing at expected plan levels, consistent with the periods used for forecasting
long-term businesses such as insurance. In arriving at its projections, the Company considered past experience, economic trends such as interest rates, equity returns and product mix as well as industry and market trends. Where growth rate
assumptions for new business cash flows were used in the embedded appraisal value calculations, they ranged from zero per cent to 10 per cent (2019 – zero per cent to 20 per cent).

Interest rate assumptions are based on prevailing market rates at the valuation date.

140
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Tax rates applied to the projections include the impact of internal reinsurance treaties and amounted to 28.0 per cent,
26.5 per cent and 21.0 per cent (2019 – 28.0 per cent, 26.5 per cent and 21.0 per cent) for the Japan, Canada and U.S. jurisdictions, respectively. Tax assumptions are sensitive to changes in tax laws as well as assumptions about
the jurisdictions in which profits are earned. It is possible that actual tax rates could differ from those assumed.

Discount rates assumed in determining the
value-in-use
 for applicable CGUs or group of CGUs ranged from 8.0 per cent to 10.0 per cent on an
after-tax
 basis or 10.0 per cent to
12.5 per cent on a
pre-tax
 basis (2019 – 7.5 per cent to 10.0 per cent on an
after-tax
 basis or 9.4 per cent to 12.5 per cent on a
pre-tax
 basis).

Key assumptions may change as economic and market conditions change, which may lead to impairment charges in the
future. Adverse changes in discount rates (including from decline in interest rates) and growth rate assumptions for new business cash flow projections used in the determination of embedded appraisal values or reductions in market-based earnings
multiples calculations may result in impairment charges in the future which could be material.

Note 6
    Insurance Contract Liabilities and Reinsurance Assets

(a) Insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance assets

Insurance contract liabilities are reported gross of reinsurance ceded and the ceded liabilities are reported separately as reinsurance assets. Insurance
contract liabilities include actuarial liabilities, benefits payable, provision for unreported claims and policyholder amounts on deposit. The components of gross and net insurance contract liabilities are shown below.

As at December 31,   2020   2019
Insurance contract liabilities   $   369,230   $   336,156
Benefits payable and provision for unreported claims   4,837   4,229
Policyholder amounts on deposit   11,487   10,776
Gross insurance contract liabilities   385,554   351,161
Reinsurance
assets (1)   (45,769   )   (41,353   )
Net insurance contract liabilities   $   339,785   $   309,808

(1)   Reinsurance assets of $67 (2019 – $93) are related to investment contract liabilities, refer to note 7(b).

Net insurance contract liabilities represent the amount which, together with estimated future premiums and net investment income, will be
sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, policyholder dividends and refunds, taxes (other than income taxes) and expenses on policies
in-force
 net of reinsurance premiums and recoveries.

Net insurance contract liabilities are determined using CALM, as required by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries.

The determination of net insurance contract liabilities is based on an explicit projection of cash flows using current assumptions for each material cash flow item.
Investment returns are projected using the current asset portfolios and projected reinvestment strategies.

Each assumption is based on the best estimate, adjusted by
a margin for adverse deviation. For fixed income returns, this margin is established by scenario testing a range of prescribed and company-developed scenarios consistent with Canadian Actuarial Standards of Practice. For all other assumptions, this
margin is established by directly adjusting the best estimate assumption.

Cash flows used in the net insurance contract liabilities valuation adjust the gross policy
cash flows to reflect projected cash flows from ceded reinsurance. The cash flow impact of ceded reinsurance varies depending upon the amount of reinsurance, the structure of reinsurance treaties, the expected economic benefit from treaty cash flows
and the impact of margins for adverse deviation. Gross insurance contract liabilities are determined by discounting gross policy cash flows using the same discount rate as the net CALM model discount rate.

The reinsurance asset is determined by taking the difference between the gross insurance contract liabilities and the net insurance contract liabilities. The reinsurance
asset represents the benefit derived from reinsurance arrangements in force at the date of the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

The period used for the
projection of cash flows is the policy lifetime for most individual insurance contracts. For other types of contracts, a shorter projection period may be used, with the contract generally ending at the earlier of the first renewal date on or after
the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position date where the Company can exercise discretion in renewing its contractual obligations or terms of those obligations and the renewal or adjustment date that maximizes the insurance contract
liabilities. For segregated fund products with guarantees, the projection period is generally set as the period that leads to the largest insurance contract liability. Where the projection period is less than the policy lifetime, insurance contract
liabilities may be reduced by an allowance for acquisition expenses expected to be recovered from policy cash flows beyond the projection period used for the liabilities. Such allowances are tested for recoverability using assumptions that are
consistent with other components of the actuarial valuation.

141

(b) Composition

The composition of insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance assets by the line of business and reporting segment is as follows.

Gross insurance contract liabilities

Individual insurance   Annuities and pensions   Other insurance contract liabilities (1)   Total, net of reinsurance ceded   Total reinsurance ceded   Total, gross of reinsurance ceded
As at December 31, 2020   Participating   Non- participating
Asia   $   55,262   $   36,930   $   7,114   $   3,652   $   102,958   $   2,127   $   105,085
Canada   12,796   44,468   18,462   14,620   90,346   443   90,789
U.S.   8,422   68,001   16,292   54,224   146,939   42,875   189,814
Corporate and Other   –   (684   )   34   192   (458   )   324   (134   )
Total, net of reinsurance ceded   76,480   148,715   41,902   72,688   339,785   $   45,769   $   385,554
Total reinsurance ceded   8,780   19,944   16,065   980   45,769
Total, gross of reinsurance ceded   $   85,260   $   168,659   $   57,967   $   73,668   $   385,554
Individual insurance   Annuities and pensions   Other insurance contract liabilities (1)   Total, net of reinsurance ceded   Total reinsurance ceded   Total, gross of reinsurance ceded
As at December 31, 2019   Participating   Non- participating
Asia   $   46,071   $   32,887   $   5,915   $   3,064   $   87,937   $   1,432   $   89,369
Canada   12,012   39,655   17,871   13,759   83,297   286   83,583
U.S.   8,734   66,163   14,763   49,199   138,859   39,411   178,270
Corporate and Other   –   (609   )   36   288   (285   )   224   (61   )
Total, net of reinsurance ceded   66,817   138,096   38,585   66,310   309,808   $   41,353   $   351,161
Total reinsurance ceded   9,869   13,588   16,850   1,046   41,353
Total, gross of reinsurance ceded   $   76,686   $   151,684   $   55,435   $   67,356   $   351,161

(1)   Other insurance contract liabilities include group insurance and individual and group health including long-term care
insurance.

Separate
sub-accounts
 were established for participating policies
in-force
 at the demutualization of MLI and John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company. These
sub-accounts
 permit this participating business to be operated as separate
“closed blocks” of participating policies. As at December 31, 2020, $29,480 (2019 – $29,402) of both reinsurance assets and insurance contract liabilities were related to these closed blocks of participating policies.

(c) Assets backing insurance contract liabilities, other liabilities and capital

Assets are segmented and matched to liabilities with similar underlying characteristics by product line and major currency. The Company has established target investment
strategies and asset mixes for each asset segment supporting insurance contract liabilities which consider the risk attributes of the liabilities supported by the assets and expectations of market performance. Liabilities with rate and term
guarantees are predominantly backed by fixed-rate instruments on a cash flow matching basis for a targeted duration horizon. Longer duration cash flows on these liabilities as well as on adjustable products such as participating life insurance are
backed by a broader range of asset classes, including equity and alternative long-duration investments. The Company’s capital is invested in a range of debt and equity investments, both public and private.

Changes in the fair value of assets backing net insurance contract liabilities, that the Company considers to be other than temporary, would have a limited impact on the
Company’s net income wherever there is an effective matching of assets and liabilities, as these changes would be substantially offset by corresponding changes in the value of net insurance contract liabilities. The fair value of assets backing
net insurance contract liabilities as at December 31, 2020, excluding reinsurance assets, was estimated at $350,264 (2019 – $315,952).

As at
December 31, 2020, the fair value of assets backing capital and other liabilities was estimated at $543,273 (2019 – $501,147).

142
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table presents the carrying value of assets backing net insurance contract liabilities, other liabilities
and capital.

Individual insurance   Annuities and pensions   Other insurance contract liabilities (1)   Other liabilities (2)   Capital (3)   Total
As at December 31, 2020   Participating   Non- participating
Assets
Debt securities   $   39,523   $   81,548   $   20,936   $   34,725   $   8,872   $   33,121   $   218,725
Public equities   12,365   6,971   461   310   402   3,213   23,722
Mortgages   3,069   12,536   4,923   8,315   21,338   26   50,207
Private placements   5,549   17,276   7,499   9,439   817   176   40,756
Real estate   3,385   6,466   1,027   1,697   57   200   12,832
Other   12,589   23,918   7,056   18,202   448,014   24,328   534,107
Total   $   76,480   $   148,715   $   41,902   $   72,688   $   479,500   $   61,064   $   880,349
Individual insurance   Annuities and pensions   Other insurance contract liabilities (1)   Other liabilities (2)   Capital (3)   Total
As at December 31, 2019   Participating   Non- participating
Assets
Debt securities   $   34,169   $   74,113   $   19,865   $   31,620   $   8,828   $   29,527   $   198,122
Public equities   10,907   6,453   204   253   381   4,653   22,851
Mortgages   2,921   12,140   5,203   7,916   21,165   31   49,376
Private placements   4,658   16,020   6,957   9,122   1,090   132   37,979
Real estate   3,336   6,446   1,082   1,731   113   220   12,928
Other   10,826   22,924   5,274   15,668   410,376   22,806   487,874
Total   $   66,817   $   138,096   $   38,585   $   66,310   $   441,953   $   57,369   $   809,130

(1)   Other insurance contract liabilities include group insurance and individual and group health including long-term care
insurance.

(2)   Other liabilities are non-insurance contract liabilities which include segregated
funds, bank deposits, long-term debt, deferred tax liabilities, derivatives, investment contracts, embedded derivatives and other miscellaneous liabilities.

(3)   Capital is defined in note 12.

(d) Significant insurance contract liability valuation assumptions

The determination of insurance contract liabilities involves the use of estimates and assumptions. Insurance contract liabilities have two major components: a best
estimate amount and a provision for adverse deviation.

Best estimate assumptions

Best estimate assumptions are made with respect to mortality and morbidity, investment returns, rates of policy termination, operating expenses and certain taxes. Actual
experience is monitored to ensure that assumptions remain appropriate and assumptions are changed as warranted. Assumptions are discussed in more detail in the following table.

Nature of factor and assumption methodology   Risk
management
Mortality and morbidity   Mortality relates to the occurrence of
death. Mortality is a key assumption for life insurance and certain forms of annuities. Mortality assumptions are based on the Company’s internal experience as well as past and emerging industry experience. Assumptions are differentiated by
sex, underwriting class, policy type and geographic market. Assumptions are made for future mortality improvements. Morbidity relates to the occurrence of accidents and sickness for insured risks. Morbidity is a key assumption for long-term care insurance, disability insurance,
critical illness and other forms of individual and group health benefits. Morbidity assumptions are based on the Company’s internal experience as well as past and emerging industry experience and are established for each type of morbidity risk
and geographic market. Assumptions are made for future morbidity improvements.   The Company maintains underwriting standards to determine the insurability of applicants. Claim trends are monitored on an ongoing basis. Exposure to large claims is
managed by establishing policy retention limits, which vary by market and geographic location. Policies in excess of the limits are reinsured with other companies. Mortality is monitored monthly and the overall 2020 experience was unfavourable (2019 – unfavourable) when compared to the Company’s assumptions. Morbidity is
also monitored monthly and the overall 2020 experience was favourable (2019 – unfavourable) when compared to the Company’s assumptions.

143

Nature of factor and assumption methodology   Risk
management
Investment returns   The Company segments assets to support
liabilities by business segment and geographic market and establishes investment strategies for each liability segment. Projected cash flows from these assets are combined with projected cash flows from future asset purchases/sales to determine
expected rates of return on these assets for future years. Investment strategies are based on the target investment policies for each segment and the reinvestment returns are derived from current and projected market rates for fixed income
investments and a projected outlook for other alternative long-duration assets. Investment
return assumptions include expected future asset credit losses on fixed income investments. Credit losses are projected based on past experience of the Company and industry as well as specific reviews of the current investment portfolio. Investment return assumptions for each asset class and geographic market also incorporate expected
investment management expenses that are derived from internal cost studies. The costs are attributed to each asset class to develop unitized assumptions per dollar of asset for each asset class and geographic market.   The Company’s policy of closely matching asset cash flows with those of the corresponding liabilities is designed to mitigate the Company’s exposure to future
changes in interest rates. The interest rate risk positions in business segments are monitored on an ongoing basis. Under CALM, the reinvestment rate is developed using interest rate scenario testing and reflects the interest rate risk
positions. In 2020, the movement in interest rates negatively (2019 – negatively) impacted
the Company’s net income. This negative impact was driven by decreases in risk free interest rates and corporate spreads, as well the impact of swap spreads on policy liabilities. The exposure to credit losses is managed against policies that limit concentrations by issuer,
corporate connections, ratings, sectors and geographic regions. On participating policies and some non-participating policies, credit loss experience is passed back to policyholders through the investment
return crediting formula. For other policies, premiums and benefits reflect the Company’s assumed level of future credit losses at contract inception or most recent contract adjustment date. The Company holds explicit provisions in actuarial
liabilities for credit risk including provisions for adverse deviation. In 2020, credit loss
experience on debt securities and mortgages was unfavourable (2019 – favourable) when compared to the Company’s assumptions. Equities, real estate and other alternative long-duration assets are used to support liabilities where investment return experience is passed back to policyholders
through dividends or credited investment return adjustments. Equities, real estate, oil and gas and other alternative long-duration assets are also used to support long-dated obligations in the Company’s annuity and pension businesses and for
long-dated insurance obligations on contracts where the investment return risk is borne by the Company. In 2020, investment experience on alternative long-duration assets backing policyholder liabilities was unfavourable (2019 – favourable) primarily due to losses in
real estate properties, and private equities, timber and agriculture properties as well as in oil and gas properties. In 2020, alternative long-duration asset origination did not exceed (2019 – exceeded) valuation requirements. In 2020, for the business that is dynamically hedged, segregated fund guarantee experience on
residual, non-dynamically hedged market risks were unfavourable (2019 – favourable). For the business that is not dynamically hedged, experience on segregated fund guarantees due to changes in the market
value of assets under management was also unfavourable (2019 – favourable). This excludes the experience on the macro equity hedges. In 2020, investment expense experience was unfavourable (2019 – unfavourable) when compared to the Company’s assumptions.

144
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Nature of factor and assumption methodology   Risk
management
Policy termination and premium persistency   Policies are terminated through lapses
and surrenders, where lapses represent the termination of policies due to non-payment of premiums and surrenders represent the voluntary termination of policies by policyholders. Premium persistency represents
the level of ongoing deposits on contracts where there is policyholder discretion as to the amount and timing of deposits. Policy termination and premium persistency assumptions are primarily based on the Company’s recent experience adjusted
for expected future conditions. Assumptions reflect differences by type of contract within each geographic market.   The Company seeks to design products that minimize financial exposure to lapse, surrender and premium persistency risk. The Company monitors lapse, surrender and
persistency experience. In aggregate, 2020 policyholder termination and premium persistency
experience was unfavourable (2019 – unfavourable) when compared to the Company’s assumptions used in the computation of actuarial liabilities.
Expenses and taxes   Operating expense assumptions reflect the
projected costs of maintaining and servicing in-force policies, including associated overhead expenses. The expenses are derived from internal cost studies projected into the future with an allowance for
inflation. For some developing businesses, there is an expectation that unit costs will decline as these businesses grow. Taxes reflect assumptions for future premium taxes and other non-income related taxes. For income taxes, policy liabilities are
adjusted only for temporary tax timing and permanent tax rate differences on the cash flows available to satisfy policy obligations.   The Company prices its products to cover the expected costs of servicing and maintaining them. In addition, the Company monitors expenses monthly, including comparisons
of actual expenses to expense levels allowed for in pricing and valuation. Maintenance expenses
for 2020 were unfavourable (2019 – unfavourable) when compared to the Company’s assumptions used in the computation of actuarial liabilities. The Company prices its products to cover the expected cost of taxes.
Policyholder  dividends, experience rating refunds, and other adjustable policy elements   The best estimate projections for
policyholder dividends and experience rating refunds, and other adjustable elements of policy benefits are determined to be consistent with management’s expectation of how these elements will be managed should experience emerge consistently
with the best estimate assumptions used for mortality and morbidity, investment returns, rates of policy termination, operating expenses and taxes.   The Company monitors policy experience and adjusts policy benefits and other adjustable elements to reflect this experience. Policyholder dividends are reviewed annually for all businesses under a framework of Board-approved
policyholder dividend policies.
Foreign currency   Foreign currency risk results from a
mismatch of the currency of liabilities and the currency of the assets designated to support these obligations. Where a currency mismatch exists, the assumed rate of return on the assets supporting the liabilities is reduced to reflect the potential
for adverse movements in foreign exchange rates.   The Company generally matches the currency of its assets with the currency of the liabilities they support, with the objective of mitigating the risk of loss arising from
movements in currency exchange rates.

The Company reviews actuarial methods and assumptions on an annual basis. If changes are made to assumptions (refer to note 6(h)), the
full impact is recognized in income immediately.

(e) Sensitivity of insurance contract liabilities to changes in
non-economic
 assumptions

The sensitivity of net income attributed to shareholders to changes in
non-economic
 assumptions underlying insurance contract liabilities is shown below, assuming a simultaneous change in the assumption across all business units. The sensitivity of net income attributed to shareholders
to a deterioration or improvement in
non-economic
 assumptions for Long-Term Care (“LTC”) as at December 31, 2020 is also shown below.

In practice, experience for each assumption will frequently vary by geographic market and business, and assumption updates are made on a business/geographic specific
basis. Actual results can differ materially from these estimates for a variety of reasons including the interaction among these factors when more than one changes; changes in actuarial and investment return and future investment activity
assumptions; changes in business mix, effective tax rates and other market factors; and the general limitations of internal models.

145

Potential impact on net income attributed to shareholders arising from changes to

non-economic
 assumptions
(1)

As at December 31,   Decrease in net income attributed to shareholders
2020   2019
Policy related assumptions
2% adverse change in future mortality
rates (2),(4)
Products where an increase in rates increases insurance contract liabilities   $   (500   )   $   (500   )
Products where a decrease in rates increases insurance contract liabilities   (600   )   (500   )
5% adverse change in future morbidity rates (incidence and termination) (3),(4),(5)   (5,700   )   (5,100   )
10% adverse change in future policy termination
rates (4)   (2,600   )   (2,400   )
5% increase in future expense levels   (600   )   (600   )

(1)   The participating policy funds are largely self-supporting and generate no material impact on net income attributed to
shareholders as a result of changes in non-economic assumptions. Experience gains or losses would generally result in changes to future dividends, with no direct impact to shareholders.

(2)   An increase in mortality rates will generally increase policy liabilities for life insurance contracts whereas a decrease
in mortality rates will generally increase policy liabilities for policies with longevity risk such as payout annuities.

(3)   No amounts related to morbidity risk are included for policies where the policy liability provides only for claims costs
expected over a short period, generally less than one year, such as Group Life and Health.

(4)   The impacts of the adverse sensitivities on LTC for morbidity, mortality and lapse do not assume any partial offsets from
the Company’s ability to contractually raise premium rates in such events, subject to state regulatory approval. In practice, the Company would plan to file for rate increases equal to the amount of deterioration resulting from the
sensitivities.

(5)   5% deterioration in incidence rates and 5% deterioration in claim termination rates.

Potential impact on net income attributed to shareholders arising from changes to
non-economic
 assumptions for Long-Term Care
included in the above table
(1),(2)

As at December 31,   Decrease in net income attributed to shareholders
2020   2019
Policy related assumptions
2% adverse change in future mortality rates   $   (300   )   $   (300   )
5% adverse change in future morbidity incidence
rates (3)   (2,100   )   (1,900   )
5% adverse change in future morbidity claims termination
rates (3)   (3,100   )   (2,800   )
10% adverse change in future policy termination rates   (400   )   (400   )
5% increase in future expense levels   (100   )   (100   )

(1)   The impacts of the adverse sensitivities on LTC for morbidity, mortality and lapse do not assume any partial offsets from
the Company’s ability to contractually raise premium rates in such events, subject to state regulatory approval. In practice, the Company would plan to file for rate increases equal to the amount of deterioration resulting from the
sensitivities.

(2)   The impact of favourable changes to all the sensitivities is relatively symmetrical.

(3)   The comparatives for 2019 have been updated to reflect refinements between incidence and termination impacts implemented
in 2020.

(f) Provision for adverse deviation assumptions

The assumptions made in establishing insurance contract liabilities reflect expected best estimates of future experience. To recognize the uncertainty in these best
estimate assumptions, to allow for possible misestimation of and deterioration in experience and to provide a greater degree of assurance that the insurance contract liabilities are adequate to pay future benefits, the Appointed Actuary is required
to include a margin in each assumption.

Margins are released into future earnings as the policy is released from risk. Margins for interest rate risk are included by
testing a number of scenarios of future interest rates. The margin can be established by testing a limited number of scenarios, some of which are prescribed by the Canadian Actuarial Standards of Practice, and determining the liability based on the
worst outcome. Alternatively, the margin can be set by testing many scenarios, which are developed according to actuarial guidance. Under this approach the liability would be the average of the outcomes above a percentile in the range prescribed by
the Canadian Actuarial Standards of Practice.

Specific guidance is also provided for other risks such as market, credit, mortality and morbidity risks. For other
risks which are not specifically addressed by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries, a range is provided of five per cent to 20 per cent of the expected experience assumption. The Company uses assumptions within the permissible ranges, with the
determination of the level set considering the risk profile of the business. On occasion, in specific circumstances for additional prudence, a margin may exceed the high end of the range, which is permissible under the Canadian Actuarial Standards
of Practice. This additional margin would be released if the specific circumstances which led to it being established were to change.

Each margin is reviewed
annually for continued appropriateness.

146
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(g) Change in insurance contract liabilities

The change in insurance contract liabilities was a result of the following business activities and changes in actuarial estimates.

For the year ended December 31, 2020   Net actuarial liabilities   Other insurance contract liabilities (1)   Net insurance contract liabilities   Reinsurance assets   Gross insurance contract liabilities
Balance, January 1   $   296,589   $   13,219   $   309,808   $   41,353   $   351,161
New policies (2)   3,166   –   3,166   481   3,647
Normal in-force movement (2)   32,340   1,312   33,652   (3,030   )   30,622
Changes in methods and assumptions (2)   563   –   563   4,559   5,122
Reinsurance transactions (3)   (3,360   )   –   (3,360   )   3,360   –
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates   (3,890   )   (154   )   (4,044   )   (954   )   (4,998   )
Balance, December 31   $   325,408   $   14,377   $   339,785   $   45,769   $   385,554
For the year ended December 31, 2019   Net actuarial liabilities   Other insurance contract liabilities (1)   Net insurance contract liabilities   Reinsurance assets   Gross insurance contract liabilities
Balance, January 1   $   272,761   $   12,968   $   285,729   $   42,925   $   328,654
New policies (4)   3,251   –   3,251   521   3,772
Normal in-force movement (4)   30,171   750   30,921   (972   )   29,949
Changes in methods and assumptions (4)   74   –   74   927   1,001
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates   (9,668   )   (499   )   (10,167   )   (2,048   )   (12,215   )
Balance, December 31   $   296,589   $   13,219   $   309,808   $   41,353   $   351,161

(1)   Other insurance contract liabilities are comprised of benefits payable and provisions for unreported claims and
policyholder amounts on deposit.

(2)   In 2020, the $36,982 increase reported as the change in insurance contract liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of
Income primarily consists of changes due to normal in-force movement, new policies, associated embedded derivatives and changes in methods and assumptions. These three items in the gross insurance contract
liabilities were netted off by an increase of $39,391, of which $37,876 is included in the Consolidated Statements of Income increase in insurance contract liabilities and $1,515 is included in gross claims and benefits. The Consolidated Statements
of Income change in insurance contract liabilities also includes the change in embedded derivatives associated with insurance contracts; however, these embedded derivatives are included in other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position.

(3)   On September 30, 2020, the Company, through its subsidiary John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), entered into a
reinsurance agreement with Global Atlantic Financial Group Ltd to reinsure a block of legacy U.S. bank owned life insurance (“BOLI”). Under the terms of the transaction, the Company will maintain responsibility for servicing the policies
with no expected impact to the BOLI policyholders. The transaction was structured such that the Company ceded policyholder contract liabilities and transferred invested assets backing these liabilities.

(4)   In 2019, the $33,727 increase reported as the change in insurance contract liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of
Income primarily consists of changes due to normal in-force movement, new policies, associated embedded derivatives and changes in methods and assumptions. These three items in the gross insurance contract
liabilities were netted off by an increase of $34,721, of which $34,056 is included in the Consolidated Statements of Income increase in insurance contract liabilities and $665 is included in gross claims and benefits. The Consolidated Statements of
Income change in insurance contract liabilities also includes the change in embedded derivatives associated with insurance contracts; however, these embedded derivatives are included in other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position.

(h) Actuarial methods and assumptions

A comprehensive review of valuation assumptions and methods is performed annually. The review reduces the Company’s exposure to uncertainty by ensuring assumptions
for both asset and liability risks remain appropriate. This is accomplished by monitoring experience and updating assumptions which represent a best estimate of expected future experience, and margins that are appropriate for the risks assumed.
While the assumptions selected represent the Company’s current best estimates and assessment of risk, the ongoing monitoring of experience and the changes in economic environment are likely to result in future changes to the actuarial
assumptions, which could materially impact the insurance contract liabilities.

Annual review 2020

The completion of the 2020 annual review of actuarial methods and assumptions resulted in an increase in insurance contract liabilities of $563, net of reinsurance, and a
decrease in net income attributed to shareholders of $198
post-tax.

Change in insurance contract liabilities, net of reinsurance
For the year ended December 31, 2020   Total   Attributed to participating policyholders’ account (1)   Attributed to shareholders’ account   Change in net income attributed to shareholders (post-tax)
Canada variable annuity product review   $   (42   )   $   –   $   (42   )   $   31
Mortality and morbidity updates   (304   )   (1   )   (303   )   232
Lapses and policyholder behaviour   893   –   893   (682   )
Investment related updates   (212   )   (153   )   (59   )   31
Other updates   228   455   (227   )   190
Net impact   $   563   $   301   $   262   $   (198   )

(1)   The change in insurance contract liabilities, net of reinsurance, attributable to the participating policyholders’
account was driven by refinements to the Company’s valuation models, primarily due to annual updates to reflect market movements in the first half of 2020.

147

Canada variable annuity product review

The review of the Company’s variable annuity product in Canada resulted in a $31
post-tax
 gain to net income attributed to
shareholders.

The gain was driven by refinements to the segregated fund guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit valuation models, partially offset by updates to lapse
assumptions to reflect emerging experience.

Updates to mortality and morbidity

Mortality and morbidity updates resulted in a $232
post-tax
 gain to net income attributed to shareholders.

The gain was primarily driven by a review of the Company’s reinsurance arrangements and mortality margins for preferred risk classes in Canada Individual Insurance
business, as well as updates to the morbidity assumptions on certain products in Japan. This was partially offset by a charge from the review of mortality assumptions in the U.S. Insurance business, where emerging experience showed higher mortality
at older attained ages.

Other updates to mortality and morbidity assumptions were made across several products, largely in Canada, to reflect recent experience
resulting in a net
post-tax
 gain to net income attributable to shareholders.

Updates to lapses and policyholder behaviour

Updates to lapses and policyholder behaviour assumptions resulted in a $682
post-tax
 charge to net income attributed to
shareholders.

The Company completed a detailed review of the lapse assumptions for universal life policies in Canada, including both yearly renewable term, and level
cost of insurance products. The Company lowered the ultimate lapse assumptions due to the emergence of more recent data, which resulted in a
post-tax
 charge of $504 to net income attributed to shareholders,
primarily driven by adverse experience on large policies.

Other updates to lapse and policyholder behaviour assumptions were made across several products to reflect
recent experience resulting in a net
post-tax
 charge to net income attributable to shareholders. The primary driver of the charge was adverse lapse experience from retail policies in Japan.

Investment related updates

Updates to investment return assumptions resulted
in a $31
post-tax
 gain to net income attributed to shareholders.

Other updates

Other updates resulted in a $190
post-tax
 gain to net income attributed to shareholders. This incorporated several positive items
including updates to the Company’s U.S. segregated fund guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit valuation models, as well as updates to the projection of the tax and liability cash flows in the U.S. to align with updated U.S. tax and statutory
reporting standard changes, partially offset by refinements to the valuation models, primarily driven by annual updates to reflect market movements in the first half of 2020.

Annual review 2019

The 2019 annual review of actuarial methods and assumptions
resulted in an increase in insurance contract liabilities of $74, net of reinsurance, and a decrease in net income attributed to shareholders of $21
post-tax.

Change in insurance contract liabilities, net of reinsurance
For the year ended December 31, 2019   Total   Attributed to participating policyholders’ account   Attributed to shareholders’ account   Change in net income attributed to shareholders (post-tax)
Long-term care triennial review   $   11   $   –   $   11   $   (8   )
Mortality and morbidity updates   25   47   (22   )   14
Lapses and policyholder behaviour   135   17   118   (75   )
Investment return assumptions   12   81   (69   )   70
Other updates   (109   )   (163   )   54   (22   )
Net impact   $   74   $   (18   )   $   92   $   (21   )

Long-term care triennial review

U.S. Insurance
completed a comprehensive long-term care (“LTC”) experience study in 2019. The review included all aspects of claim assumptions, the impact of policyholder benefit reductions as well as the progress on future premium rate increases and a
review of margins on the business. The impact of the LTC review was approximately net neutral to net income attributed to shareholders.

The experience study showed
lower termination rates than expected during the elimination or “qualifying” period (which is the period between when a claim is filed and when benefit payments begin), and favourable incidence as policyholders are filing claims at a lower
rate than expected. In addition, policyholders are electing to reduce their benefits in lieu of paying increased premiums. The overall claims experience review led to a
post-tax
 charge to net income attributed
to shareholders of approximately $1.9 billion, which includes a gain of approximately $0.2 billion for the impact of benefit reductions.

148
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The experience study included additional claims data due to the natural aging of the block of business. As a result,
the Company reduced certain margins for adverse deviations, which resulted in a
post-tax
 gain to net income attributed to shareholders of approximately $0.7 billion.

While the study continues to support the assumptions of both future morbidity and mortality improvement, the Company reduced its morbidity improvement assumption, which
resulted in a
post-tax
 charge to net income attributed to shareholders of approximately $0.7 billion.

The review of
premium increases assumed in the policy liabilities resulted in a
post-tax
 gain to net income attributed to shareholders of approximately $2.0 billion related to the expected timing and amount of premium
increases that are subject to state approval and reflects a 30% margin. The expected premium increases are informed by past approval rates applied to prior state filings that remain outstanding and estimated new requests based on the Company’s
2019 review of morbidity, mortality and lapse assumptions. The Company’s actual experience in obtaining premium increases could be materially different than what it has assumed, resulting in further increases or decreases in policy liabilities,
which could be material.

Updates to mortality and morbidity

Mortality and
morbidity updates resulted in a $14
post-tax
 gain to net income attributed to shareholders. This included a review of the Company’s Canada Individual Insurance mortality and reinsurance arrangements.

Updates to lapses and policyholder behaviour

Updates to lapses and
policyholder behaviour assumptions resulted in a $75
post-tax
 charge to net income attributed to shareholders.

The primary
driver of the charge was an update to the Company’s lapse assumptions across several term and whole life product lines within the Company’s Canada Individual Insurance business, partially offset by several updates to lapse and premium
persistency assumptions in other geographies.

Updates to investment return assumptions

Updates to investment return assumptions resulted in a $70
post-tax
 gain to net income attributed to shareholders.

The primary driver of the gain was an update to the Company’s senior secured loan default rates to reflect recent experience, as well as its investment and crediting
rate strategy for certain universal life products. This was partially offset by updates to certain private equity investment assumptions in Canada.

Other updates

Other updates resulted in a $22
post-tax
 charge to net income attributed to shareholders.

(i) Insurance contracts contractual obligations

Insurance contracts give rise to obligations fixed by agreement. As at December 31, 2020, the Company’s contractual obligations and commitments relating to
insurance contracts are as follows.

Payments due by period   Less than 1 year   1 to 3 years   3 to 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Insurance contract liabilities (1)   $   10,672   $   9,859   $   15,416   $   791,780   $   827,727

(1)   Insurance contract liability cash flows include estimates related to the timing and payment of death and disability
claims, policy surrenders, policy maturities, annuity payments, minimum guarantees on segregated fund products, policyholder dividends, commissions and premium taxes offset by contractual future premiums on in-force contracts. These estimated cash flows are based on the best estimate assumptions used in the determination of insurance contract liabilities. These amounts are undiscounted and reflect recoveries from
reinsurance agreements. Due to the use of assumptions, actual cash flows may differ from these estimates. Cash flows include embedded derivatives measured separately at fair value.

(j) Gross claims and benefits

The following table
presents a breakdown of gross claims and benefits.

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Death, disability and other claims   $   18,064   $   15,752
Maturity and surrender benefits   8,613   8,433
Annuity payments   3,560   4,030
Policyholder dividends and experience rating refunds   1,411   1,445
Net transfers from segregated funds   (1,515   )   (1,000   )
Total   $   30,133   $   28,660

(k) Reinsurance transactions

On September 30, 2020, the Company, through its subsidiary John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), entered into a reinsurance agreement with Global Atlantic
Financial Group Ltd to reinsure a block of legacy U.S. bank owned life insurance (“BOLI”). Under the terms

149

of the transaction, the Company will maintain responsibility for servicing the policies with no expected impact to the BOLI policyholders. The transaction was structured such that the Company
ceded policyholder contract liabilities and transferred invested assets backing these liabilities.

The transaction closed with an effective date of July 1,
2020. The Company recorded an
after-tax
 gain of $262, which includes an increase in reinsurance assets and ceded premiums of $3.4 billion and $3.3 billion, respectively, on the Consolidated
Statements of Income.

On September 26, 2018, the Company entered into coinsurance agreements with Reinsurance Group of America (“RGA”) to reinsure a
block of legacy U.S. individual
pay-out
 annuities business from John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (“JHUSA”) with a 100% quota share and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York
(“JHNY”) with a 90% quota share. Under the terms of the agreements, the Company will maintain responsibility for servicing the policies. The transaction was structured such that the Company ceded policyholder contract liabilities and
transferred invested assets backing these liabilities. The JHUSA transaction closed in 2018. The JHNY transaction closed with an effective date of January 1, 2019. The Company recorded an
after-tax
 gain
of $18, which includes an increase in reinsurance assets of $132 and ceded premiums of $131 in the Consolidated Statements of Income in 2019.

On October 31,
2018, the Company entered into coinsurance agreements with Jackson National Life Insurance Company (“Jackson”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Prudential plc, to reinsure a block of legacy U.S. group

pay-out
 annuities business from JHUSA with a 100% quota share and from JHNY with a 90% quota share. Under the terms of the agreements, the Company will maintain responsibility for servicing the policies. The
transaction was structured such that the Company ceded policyholder contract liabilities and transferred related invested assets backing these liabilities. The JHUSA transaction closed in 2018. The JHNY transaction closed with an effective date of
January 1, 2019. The Company recorded an
after-tax
 gain of $31 in 2019, which includes an increase in reinsurance assets of $621, a ceding commission paid of $35 and ceded premiums of $581 in the
Consolidated Statements of Income.

Note 7    Investment Contract Liabilities

Investment contract liabilities are contractual obligations that do not contain significant insurance risk. Those contracts are measured either at fair value or at
amortized cost.

(a) Investment contract liabilities measured at fair value

Investment contract liabilities measured at fair value include certain investment savings and pension products sold primarily in Hong Kong and mainland China. The
following table presents the movement in investment contract liabilities measured at fair value.

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Balance, January 1   $   789   $   782
New policies   180   66
Changes in market conditions   90   62
Redemptions, surrenders and maturities   (108   )   (86   )
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates   (19   )   (35   )
Balance, December 31   $   932   $   789

(b) Investment contract liabilities measured at amortized cost

Investment contract liabilities measured at amortized cost include several fixed annuity products sold in the U.S. and Canada that provide guaranteed income payments for
a contractually determined period and are not contingent on survivorship.

The following table presents carrying and fair values of investment contract liabilities
measured at amortized cost.

2020   2019
As at December 31,   Amortized cost, gross of reinsurance ceded (1)   Fair value   Amortized cost, gross of reinsurance ceded (1)   Fair value
U.S. fixed annuity products   $   1,361   $   1,680   $   1,248   $   1,482
Canadian fixed annuity products   995   1,086   1,067   1,158
Investment contract liabilities   $   2,356   $   2,766   $   2,315   $   2,640

(1)   As at December 31, 2020, investment contract liabilities with carrying value and fair value of $67 and $76,
respectively (2019 – $93 and $103, respectively), were reinsured by the Company. The net carrying value and fair value of investment contract liabilities were $2,289 and $2,690 (2019 – $2,222 and $2,537), respectively.

150
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The changes in investment contract liabilities measured at amortized cost was a result of the following business
activities.

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Balance, January 1   $   2,315   $   2,483
Policy deposits   202   2
Interest   61   62
Withdrawals   (194   )   (182   )
Fees   (1   )   (3   )
Other   –   17
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates   (27   )   (64   )
Balance, December 31   $   2,356   $   2,315

Carrying value of fixed annuity products is amortized at a rate that exactly discounts the projected actual cash flows to the net carrying
amount of the liability at the date of issue.

Fair value of fixed annuity products is determined by projecting cash flows according to the contract terms and
discounting the cash flows at current market rates adjusted for the Company’s own credit standing. As at December 31, 2020 and 2019, fair value of all investment contract liabilities was determined using Level 2 valuation techniques.

(c) Investment contracts contractual obligations

As at December 31, 2020, the Company’s contractual obligations and commitments relating to the investment contracts are as follows.

Payments due by period   Less than 1 year   1 to 3 years   3 to 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Investment contract liabilities (1)   $   297   $   514   $   520   $   4,220   $   5,551

(1)   Due to the nature of the products, the timing of net cash flows may be before contract maturity. Cash flows are
undiscounted.

Note 8     Risk Management

The Company’s policies and procedures for managing risks of financial instruments are disclosed in denoted components of the “Risk Management and Risk
Factors” section of the MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2020. These disclosures are in accordance with IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” and an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

(a) Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss
due to inability or unwillingness of a borrower, or counterparty, to fulfill its payment obligations. Worsening regional and global economic conditions, segment or industry sector challenges, or company specific factors could result in defaults or
downgrades and could lead to increased provisions or impairments related to the Company’s general fund invested assets, derivative financial instruments and reinsurance assets and an increase in provisions for future credit impairments that are
included in actuarial liabilities.

The Company’s exposure to credit risk is managed through risk management policies and procedures which include a defined
credit evaluation and adjudication process, delegated credit approval authorities and established exposure limits by borrower, corporate connection, credit rating, industry and geographic region. The Company measures derivative counterparty exposure
as net potential credit exposure, which takes into consideration
mark-to-market
 values of all transactions with each counterparty, net of any collateral held, and an
allowance to reflect future potential exposure. Reinsurance counterparty exposure is measured reflecting the level of ceded liabilities.

The Company also ensures
where warranted, that mortgages, private placements and loans to Bank clients are secured by collateral, the nature of which depends on the credit risk of the counterparty.

An allowance for losses on loans is established when a loan becomes impaired. Allowances for loan losses are calculated to reduce the carrying value of the loans to
estimated net realizable value. The establishment of such allowances takes into consideration normal historical credit loss levels and future expectations, with an allowance for adverse deviations. In addition, policy liabilities include general
provisions for credit losses from future asset impairments. Impairments are identified through regular monitoring of all credit related exposures, considering such information as general market conditions, industry and borrower specific credit
events and any other relevant trends or conditions. Allowances for losses on reinsurance contracts are established when a reinsurance counterparty becomes unable or unwilling to fulfill its contractual obligations. The allowance for loss is based on
current recoverable amounts and ceded policy liabilities.

Credit risk associated with derivative counterparties is discussed in note 8(d) and credit risk associated
with reinsurance counterparties is discussed in note 8(i).

151

(i) Credit exposure

The
following table presents the gross carrying amount of financial instruments subject to credit exposure, without considering any collateral held or other credit enhancements.

As at December 31,   2020   2019
Debt securities
FVTPL   $   183,061   $   166,307
AFS   35,663   31,815
Mortgages   50,207   49,376
Private placements   40,756   37,979
Policy loans   6,398   6,471
Loans to Bank clients   1,976   1,740
Derivative assets   27,793   19,449
Accrued investment income   2,523   2,416
Reinsurance assets   45,836   41,446
Other financial assets   6,156   5,628
Total   $   400,369   $   362,627

As at December 31, 2020, 97% (2019 – 99%) of debt securities were investment grade-rated with ratings ranging between AAA to
BBB.

(ii) Credit quality

Credit quality of commercial mortgages and
private placements

Credit quality of commercial mortgages and private placements is assessed at least annually by using an internal rating based on regular
monitoring of credit-related exposures, considering both qualitative and quantitative factors.

A provision is recorded when the internal risk ratings indicate that a
loss represents the most likely outcome. These assets are designated as
non-accrual
 and an allowance is established based on an analysis of the security and repayment sources.

The following table presents the credit quality of commercial mortgages and private placements.

As at December 31, 2020   AAA   AA   A   BBB   BB   B and lower   Total
Commercial mortgages
Retail   $   110   $   1,339   $   4,761   $   2,242   $   168   $   1   $   8,621
Office   66   1,297   5,948   1,174   164   20   8,669
Multi-family residential   613   1,675   2,896   582   33   –   5,799
Industrial   25   320   2,353   259   3   –   2,960
Other   238   966   914   984   355   7   3,464
Total commercial mortgages   1,052   5,597   16,872   5,241   723   28   29,513
Agricultural mortgages   –   –   127   77   106   –   310
Private placements   1,061   4,829   15,585   15,825   1,206   2,250   40,756
Total   $   2,113   $   10,426   $   32,584   $   21,143   $   2,035   $   2,278   $   70,579
As at December 31, 2019   AAA   AA   A   BBB   BB   B and lower   Total
Commercial mortgages
Retail   $   132   $   1,374   $   5,285   $   2,039   $   10   $   –   $   8,840
Office   77   1,540   5,808   1,402   26   18   8,871
Multi-family residential   640   1,585   2,397   714   35   –   5,371
Industrial   38   364   1,820   237   10   –   2,469
Other   260   739   976   1,290   –   8   3,273
Total commercial mortgages   1,147   5,602   16,286   5,682   81   26   28,824
Agricultural mortgages   –   27   137   312   –   –   476
Private placements   1,098   5,513   14,311   14,139   823   2,095   37,979
Total   $   2,245   $   11,142   $   30,734   $   20,133   $   904   $   2,121   $   67,279

Credit quality of residential mortgages and loans to Bank clients

Credit quality of residential mortgages and loans to Bank clients is assessed at least annually with the loan being performing or

non-performing
 as the key credit quality indicator.

Full or partial write-offs of loans are recorded when management believes
that there is no realistic prospect of full recovery. Write-offs, net of recoveries, are deducted from the allowance for credit losses. All impairments are captured in the allowance for credit losses.

152
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table presents credit quality of residential mortgages and loans to Bank clients.

2020   2019
As at December 31,   Insured   Uninsured   Total   Insured   Uninsured   Total
Residential mortgages
Performing   $   6,349   $   13,980   $   20,329   $   6,613   $   13,411   $   20,024
Non-performing (1)   9   46   55   25   27   52
Loans to Bank clients
Performing   n/a   1,976   1,976   n/a   1,740   1,740
Non-performing (1)   n/a   –   –   n/a   –   –
Total   $   6,358   $   16,002   $   22,360   $   6,638   $   15,178   $   21,816

(1)   Non-performing refers to assets that are 90 days or more past due.

The carrying value of government-insured mortgages was 13% of the total mortgage portfolio as at December 31, 2020 (2019 – 14%). Most of
these insured mortgages are residential loans as classified in the table above.

(iii) Past due or credit impaired financial assets

The Company provides for credit risk by establishing allowances against the carrying value of impaired loans and recognizing impairment losses on AFS debt securities. In
addition, the Company reports as impairment losses certain declines in the fair value of debt securities designated as FVTPL which it deems represent an impairment due to non-recoverability of due amount.

The following table presents past due but not impaired and impaired financial assets.

Past due but not impaired
As at December 31, 2020   Less than 90 days   90 days and greater   Total   Total impaired
Debt securities
FVTPL   $   –   $   –   $   –   $   54
AFS   –   –   –   1
Private placements   30   –   30   170
Mortgages and loans to Bank clients   66   –   66   69
Other financial assets   56   58   114   2
Total   $   152   $   58   $   210   $   296
Past due but not impaired
As at December 31, 2019   Less than 90 days   90 days and greater   Total   Total impaired
Debt securities
FVTPL   $   11   $   –   $   11   $   167
AFS   4   1   5   –
Private placements   215   –   215   7
Mortgages and loans to Bank clients   61   –   61   59
Other financial assets   60   42   102   1
Total   $   351   $   43   $   394   $   234

The following table presents gross carrying value and allowances for loan losses for impaired loans.

As at December 31, 2020   Gross carrying value   Allowances for loan losses   Net carrying value
Private placements   $   249   $   79   $   170
Mortgages and loans to Bank clients   97   28   69
Total   $   346   $   107   $   239
As at December 31, 2019   Gross carrying value   Allowances for loan losses   Net carrying value
Private placements   $   11   $   4   $   7
Mortgages and loans to Bank clients   75   16   59
Total   $   86   $   20   $   66

153

The following table presents movement of allowance for loan losses during the year.

2020   2019
For the years ended December 31,   Private placements   Mortgages and loans to Bank clients   Total   Private placements   Mortgages and loans to Bank clients   Total
Balance, January 1   $   4   $   16   $   20   $   43   $   52   $   95
Provisions   94   31   125   35   15   50
Recoveries   (6   )   (6   )   (12   )   –   (46   )   (46   )
Write-offs (1)   (13   )   (13   )   (26   )   (74   )   (5   )   (79   )
Balance, December 31   $   79   $   28   $   107   $   4   $   16   $   20

(1)   Includes disposals and impact of changes in foreign exchange rates.

(b) Securities lending, repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions

The Company engages in securities lending to generate fee income. Collateral exceeding the market value of the loaned securities is retained by the Company until the
underlying security has been returned to the Company. The market value of the loaned securities is monitored daily and additional collateral is obtained or refunded as the market value of the underlying loaned securities fluctuates. As at
December 31, 2020, the Company had loaned securities (which are included in invested assets) with a market value of $889 (2019 – $558). The Company holds collateral with a current market value that exceeds the value of securities lent in
all cases.

The Company engages in reverse repurchase transactions to generate fee income, to take possession of securities to cover short positions in similar
instruments and to meet short-term funding requirements. As at December 31, 2020, the Company had engaged in reverse repurchase transactions of $716 (2019 – $990) which are recorded as short-term receivables. In addition, the Company had
engaged in repurchase transactions of $353 as at December 31, 2020 (2019 – $333) which are recorded as payables.

(c) Credit
default swaps

The Company replicates exposure to specific issuers by selling credit protection via credit default swaps (“CDS”) to complement
its cash debt securities investing. The Company does not write CDS protection more than its government bond holdings. A CDS is a derivative instrument representing an agreement between two parties to exchange the credit risk of a single specified
entity or an index based on the credit risk of a group of entities (all commonly referred to as the “reference entity” or a portfolio of “reference entities”), in return for a periodic premium. CDS contracts typically have a
five-year term.

The following table presents details of the credit default swap protection sold by type of contract and external agency rating for the underlying
reference security.

As at December 31, 2020   Notional amount (1)   Fair value   Weighted average maturity (in years) (2)
Single name CDS (3) – Corporate debt
A   $   136   $   2   1
BBB   105   1   2
Total single name CDS   $   241   $   3   1
Total CDS protection sold   $   241   $   3   1
As at December 31, 2019   Notional amount (1)   Fair value   Weighted average maturity (in years) (2)
Single name CDS (3) – Corporate debt
AA   $   24   $   –   1
A   371   5   1
BBB   107   1   2
Total single name CDS   $   502   $   6   1
Total CDS protection sold   $   502   $   6   1

(1)   Notional amounts represent the maximum future payments the Company would have to pay its counterparties assuming a default
of the underlying credit and zero recovery on the underlying issuer obligation.

(2)   The weighted average maturity of the CDS is weighted based on notional amounts.

(3)   Standard & Poor’s assigned credit ratings are used where available followed by Moody’s, DBRS, and
Fitch. If no external rating is available, an internally developed rating is used.

The Company held no purchased credit protection as at
December 31, 2020 and 2019.

154
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(d) Derivatives

The Company’s
point-in-time
 exposure to losses related to credit risk of a derivative
counterparty is limited to the amount of any net gains that may have accrued with a counterparty. Gross derivative counterparty exposure is measured as the total fair value (including accrued interest) of all outstanding contracts in a gain position
excluding any offsetting contracts in a loss position and the impact of collateral on hand. The Company limits the risk of credit losses from derivative counterparties by: using investment grade counterparties; entering into master netting
arrangements which permit the offsetting of contracts in a loss position in the case of a counterparty default; and entering into Credit Support Annex agreements, whereby collateral must be provided when the exposure exceeds a certain threshold. All
contracts are held with counterparties rated BBB+ or higher. As at December 31, 2020, the percentage of the Company’s derivative exposure with counterparties rated
AA-
 or higher was 20 per cent (2019
– 23 per cent). The Company’s exposure to credit risk was mitigated by $16,696 fair value of collateral held as security as at December 31, 2020 (2019 – $12,038).

As at December 31, 2020, the largest single counterparty exposure, without considering the impact of master netting agreements or the benefit of collateral held, was
$4,110 (2019 – $3,047). The net exposure to this counterparty, after considering master netting agreements and the fair value of collateral held, was $nil (2019 – $nil). As at December 31, 2020, the total maximum credit exposure
related to derivatives across all counterparties, without considering the impact of master netting agreements and the benefit of collateral held, was $28,685 (2019 – $20,144).

(e) Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities

Certain derivatives, securities lent and repurchase agreements have conditional offset rights. The Company does not offset these financial instruments in the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position, as the rights of offset are conditional.

In the case of derivatives, collateral is collected from and pledged to counterparties and
clearing houses to manage credit risk exposure in accordance with Credit Support Annexes to swap agreements and clearing agreements. Under master netting agreements, the Company has a right of offset in the event of default, insolvency, bankruptcy
or other early termination.

In the case of reverse repurchase and repurchase transactions, additional collateral may be collected from or pledged to counterparties
to manage credit exposure according to bilateral reverse repurchase or repurchase agreements. In the event of default by a counterparty, the Company is entitled to liquidate the collateral held to offset against the same counterparty’s
obligation.

155

The following table presents the effect of conditional master netting and similar arrangements. Similar arrangements
may include global master repurchase agreements, global master securities lending agreements, and any related rights to financial collateral.

Related amounts not set off in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
As at December 31, 2020   Gross amounts of financial instruments (1)   Amounts subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreements   Financial and cash collateral pledged (received) (2)   Net amount including financing entities (3)   Net amounts excluding financing entities
Financial assets
Derivative assets   $   28,685   $   (13,243   )   $   (15,323   )   $   119   $   119
Securities lending   889   –   (889   )   –   –
Reverse repurchase agreements   716   –   (715   )   1   1
Total financial assets   $   30,290   $   (13,243   )   $   (16,927   )   $   120   $   120
Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities   $   (16,076   )   $   13,243   $   2,482   $   (351   )   $   (71   )
Repurchase agreements   (353   )   –   353   –   –
Total financial liabilities   $   (16,429   )   $   13,243   $   2,835   $   (351   )   $   (71   )
Related amounts not set off in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
As at December 31, 2019   Gross amounts of financial instruments (1)   Amounts subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreements   Financial and cash collateral pledged (received) (2)   Net amount including financing entities (3)   Net amounts excluding financing entities
Financial assets
Derivative assets   $   20,144   $   (9,188   )   $   (10,889   )   $   67   $   67
Securities lending   558   –   (558   )   –   –
Reverse repurchase agreements   990   –   (989   )   1   1
Total financial assets   $   21,692   $   (9,188   )   $   (12,436   )   $   68   $   68
Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities   $   (11,345   )   $   9,188   $   1,903   $   (254   )   $   (53   )
Repurchase agreements   (333   )   –   330   (3   )   (3   )
Total financial liabilities   $   (11,678   )   $   9,188   $   2,233   $   (257   )   $   (56   )

(1)   Financial assets and liabilities include accrued interest of $892 and $1,114, respectively (2019 – $696 and $1,061,
respectively).

(2)   Financial and cash collateral exclude over-collateralization. As at December 31, 2020, the Company was
over-collateralized on OTC derivative assets, OTC derivative liabilities, securities lending and reverse purchase agreements and repurchase agreements in the amounts of $1,373, $627, $74 and $nil, respectively (2019 – $1,149, $526, $44 and
$nil, respectively). As at December 31, 2020, collateral pledged (received) does not include collateral-in-transit on OTC instruments or initial margin on exchange
traded contracts or cleared contracts.

(3)   Includes derivative contracts entered between the Company and its financing trusts which it does not consolidate. The
Company does not exchange collateral on derivative contracts entered with these trusts. Refer to note 17.

The Company has certain credit linked
note assets and variable surplus note liabilities which have unconditional offset rights. Under the netting agreements, the Company has rights of offset including in the event of the Company’s default, insolvency, or bankruptcy. These financial
instruments are offset in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

A credit linked note is a security that allows the issuer to transfer a specific credit
risk to the buyer. A surplus note is a subordinated debt obligation that often qualifies as surplus (the U.S. statutory equivalent of equity) by some U.S. state insurance regulators. Interest payments on surplus notes are made after all other
contractual payments are made. The following table presents the effect of unconditional netting.

As at December 31, 2020   Gross amounts of financial instruments   Amounts subject to an enforceable netting arrangement   Net amounts of financial instruments
Credit linked note (1)   $   932   $   (932   )   $   –
Variable surplus note   (932   )   932   –

As at December 31, 2019   Gross amounts of financial instruments   Amounts subject to an enforceable netting arrangement   Net amounts of financial instruments
Credit linked note (1)   $   782   $   (782   )   $   –
Variable surplus note   (782   )   782   –

(1)   As at December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company had no fixed surplus notes outstanding, refer to note 18(g).

156
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(f) Risk concentrations

The Company defines enterprise-wide investment portfolio level targets and limits to ensure that portfolios are diversified across asset classes and individual investment
risks. The Company monitors actual investment positions and risk exposures for concentration risk and reports its findings to the Executive Risk Committee and the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors.

As at December 31,   2020   2019
Debt securities and private placements rated as investment grade BBB or higher (1)   97%   98%
Government debt securities as a per cent of total debt securities   37%   37%
Government private placements as a per cent of total private placements   11%   12%
Highest exposure to a single non-government debt security and private
placement issuer   $   1,148   $   1,083
Largest single issuer as a per cent of the total equity portfolio   2%   2%
Income producing commercial office properties (2020 – 53% of real estate, 2019 – 56%)   $   6,745   $   7,279
Largest concentration of mortgages and real estate (2) – Ontario Canada (2020 – 28%, 2019 – 27%)   $   17,367   $   17,038

(1)   Investment grade debt securities and private placements include 40% rated A, 16% rated AA and 16% rated AAA (2019 –
41%, 17% and 16%) investments based on external ratings where available.

(2)   Mortgages and real estate investments are diversified geographically and by property type.

The following table presents debt securities and private placements portfolio by sector and industry.

2020   2019
As at December 31,   Carrying value   % of total   Carrying value   % of total
Government and agency   $   85,357   33   $   77,883   33
Utilities   47,902   18   44,426   19
Financial   35,656   15   31,929   13
Consumer   29,684   11   25,931   11
Energy   20,963   8   20,196   9
Industrial   22,070   9   19,024   8
Other   17,850   6   16,712   7
Total   $   259,482   100   $   236,101   100

(g) Insurance risk

Insurance risk is the risk of loss due to actual experience for mortality and morbidity claims, policyholder behaviour and expenses emerging differently than assumed when
a product was designed and priced. A variety of assumptions are made related to these experience factors, for reinsurance costs, and for sales levels when products are designed and priced, as well as in the determination of policy liabilities.
Assumptions for future claims are generally based on both Company and industry experience, and assumptions for future policyholder behaviour and expenses are generally based on Company experience. Such assumptions require significant professional
judgment, and actual experience may be materially different than the assumptions made by the Company. Claims may be impacted unexpectedly by changes in the prevalence of diseases or illnesses, medical and technology advances, widespread lifestyle
changes, natural disasters, large-scale
man-made
 disasters and acts of terrorism. Policyholder behaviour including premium payment patterns, policy renewals, lapse rates and withdrawal and surrender activity
are influenced by many factors including market and general economic conditions, and the availability and relative attractiveness of other products in the marketplace. Some reinsurance rates are not guaranteed and may be changed unexpectedly.
Adjustments the Company seeks to make to
Non-Guaranteed
 elements to reflect changing experience factors may be challenged by regulatory or legal action and the Company may be unable to implement them or may
face delays in implementation.

The Company manages insurance risk through global policies, standards and best practices with respect to product design, pricing,
underwriting and claim adjudication, and a global underwriting manual. Each business unit establishes underwriting policies and procedures, including criteria for approval of risks and claims adjudication policies and procedures. The current global
life retention limit is US$30 for individual policies (US$35 for survivorship life policies) and is shared across businesses. Lower limits are applied in some markets and jurisdictions. The Company aims to further reduce exposure to claims
concentrations by applying geographical aggregate retention limits for certain covers. Enterprise-wide, the Company aims to reduce the likelihood of high aggregate claims by operating globally, insuring a wide range of unrelated risk events, and
reinsuring some risk.

157

(h) Concentration risk

The geographic concentration of the Company’s insurance and investment contract liabilities, including embedded derivatives, is shown below. The disclosure is based
on the countries in which the business is written.

As at December 31, 2020   Gross liabilities   Reinsurance assets   Net liabilities
U.S. and Canada   $   273,848   $   (44,645   )   $   229,203
Asia and Other   114,878   (1,191   )   113,687
Total   $   388,726   $   (45,836   )   $   342,890
As at December 31, 2019   Gross liabilities   Reinsurance assets   Net liabilities
U.S. and Canada   $   255,999   $   (40,944   )   $   215,055
Asia and Other   98,237   (502   )   97,735
Total   $   354,236   $   (41,446   )   $   312,790

(i) Reinsurance risk

In the normal course of business, the Company limits the amount of loss on any one policy by reinsuring certain levels of risk with other insurers. In addition, the
Company accepts reinsurance from other reinsurers. Reinsurance ceded does not discharge the Company’s liability as the primary insurer. Failure of reinsurers to honour their obligations could result in losses to the Company; consequently,
allowances are established for amounts deemed uncollectible. To minimize losses from reinsurer insolvency, the Company monitors the concentration of credit risk both geographically and with any one reinsurer. In addition, the Company selects
reinsurers with high credit ratings.

As at December 31, 2020, the Company had $45,836 (2019 – $41,446) of reinsurance assets. Of this, 94 per cent
(2019 – 94 per cent) were ceded to reinsurers with Standard and Poor’s ratings of
A-
 or above. The Company’s exposure to credit risk was mitigated by $27,360 fair value of collateral held as
security as at December 31, 2020 (2019 – $26,638). Net exposure after considering offsetting agreements and the benefit of the fair value of collateral held was $18,476 as at December 31, 2020 (2019 – $14,808).

Note 9     Long-Term Debt

(a) Carrying value of long-term debt instruments

As at December 31,   Issue date   Maturity date   Par value   2020   2019
3.050% Senior notes (1),(2)   August 27, 2020   August 27, 2060   US$  1,155   $   1,460   $   –
4.70% Senior notes (1)   June 23, 2016   June 23, 2046   US$  1,000   1,265   1,290
5.375% Senior notes (1)   March 4, 2016   March 4, 2046   US$     750   943   962
2.396% Senior notes (3)   June 1, 2020   June 1, 2027   US$     200   254   –
2.484% Senior notes (1),(3)   May 19, 2020   May 19, 2027   US$     500   632   –
3.527% Senior notes (1)   December 2, 2016   December 2, 2026   US$     270   343   350
4.150% Senior notes (1)   March 4, 2016   March 4, 2026   US$  1,000   1,267   1,292
4.90% Senior
notes (4)   September 17, 2010   September 17, 2020   US$     500   –   649
Total   $   6,164   $   4,543

(1)   These U.S. dollar senior notes have been designated as hedges of the Company’s net investment in its U.S. operations
which reduces the earnings volatility that would otherwise arise from the re-measurement of these senior notes into Canadian dollars.

(2)   Issued by MFC during the year, interest is payable semi-annually. The senior notes may be redeemed at the option of MFC in
whole, but not in part, on August 27, 2025, and thereafter on every August 27 at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and unpaid interest.

(3)   Issued by MFC during the year, interest is payable semi-annually. The senior notes may be redeemed in whole or in part at
the option of MFC at any time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding U.S. Treasury bond plus 30 basis points.

(4)   The 4.90% senior notes matured on September 17, 2020.

The cash amount of interest paid on long-term debt during the year ended December 31, 2020 was $229 (2019 – $216). Issue costs are amortized over the term of
the debt.

(b) Fair value measurement

Fair
value of long-term debt instruments is determined using the following hierarchy:

Level 1 – Fair value is determined using quoted market prices where
available.

Level 2 – When quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined with reference to quoted prices of similar debt instruments or
estimated using discounted cash flows based on observable market rates.

The Company measures long-term debt at amortized cost in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position. As at December 31, 2020, the fair value of long-term debt was $7,042 (2019 – $5,078). Fair value of long-term debt was determined using Level 2 valuation techniques (2019 – Level 2).

158
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(c) Aggregate maturities of long-term debt

As at December 31   Less than 1 year   1 to 3 years   3 to 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
2020   $   –   $   –   $   –   $   6,164   $   6,164
2019   649   –   –   3,894   4,543

Note 10     Capital Instruments

(a) Carrying value of capital instruments

As at December 31,   Issuance date   Earliest par redemption date   Maturity date   Par value   2020   2019
JHFC Subordinated notes (1)   December 14, 2006   n/a   December 15, 2036   $   650   $   647   $   647
2.818% MFC Subordinated debentures (2)   May 12, 2020   May 13, 2030   May 13, 2035   $   1,000   995   –
4.061% MFC Subordinated notes (3),(4)   February 24, 2017   February 24, 2027   February 24, 2032   US$   750   951   969
2.237% MFC Subordinated debentures (5)   May 12, 2020   May 12, 2025   May 12, 2030   $   1,000   996   –
3.00% MFC Subordinated notes (6)   November 21, 2017   November 21, 2024   November 21, 2029   S$   500   480   481
3.049% MFC Subordinated debentures (7)   August 18, 2017   August 20, 2024   August 20, 2029   $   750   748   747
3.317% MFC Subordinated debentures (7)   May 9, 2018   May 9, 2023   May 9, 2028   $   600   598   598
3.181% MLI Subordinated debentures (8)   November 20, 2015   November 22, 2022   November 22, 2027   $   1,000   999   998
3.85% MFC Subordinated notes (6)   May 25, 2016   May 25, 2021   May 25, 2026   S$   500   481   482
2.389% MLI Subordinated debentures (8),(9)   June 1, 2015   January 5, 2021   January 5, 2026   $   350   350   350
2.10% MLI Subordinated debentures (10)   March 10, 2015   June 1, 2020   June 1, 2025   $   750   –   750
2.64% MLI Subordinated debentures (11)   December 1, 2014   January 15, 2020   January 15, 2025   $   500   –   500
7.375% JHUSA Surplus notes (12)   February 25, 1994   n/a   February 15, 2024   US$   450   584   598
Total   $   7,829   $   7,120

(1)   Issued by Manulife Holdings (Delaware) LLC (“MHDLL”), now John Hancock Financial Corporation (“JHFC”),
a wholly owned subsidiary of MFC, to Manulife Finance (Delaware) LLC (“MFLLC”), a subsidiary of Manulife Finance (Delaware) L.P. (“MFLP”). MFLP and its subsidiaries are wholly owned unconsolidated related parties to the Company.
The note bears interest at a floating rate equal to the 90-day Bankers’ Acceptance rate plus 0.72%. With regulatory approval, JHFC may redeem the note, in whole or in part, at any time, at par, together
with accrued and unpaid interest. Refer to note 17.

(2)   Issued by MFC during the year, interest is payable semi-annually. After May 13, 2030, the interest rate will reset to
equal the 90-day Bankers’ Acceptance rate plus 1.82%. With regulatory approval, MFC may redeem the debentures, in whole, or in part, on or after May 13, 2025, at a redemption price together with
accrued and unpaid interest. If the redemption date is on or after May 13, 2025, but prior to May 13, 2030, the redemption price shall be the greater of: (i) the Canada yield price as defined in the prospectus; and (ii) par. If the
redemption date is on or after May 13, 2030, the redemption price shall be equal to par.

(3)   On the earliest par redemption date, the interest rate will reset to equal the 5-Year US Dollar Mid-Swap Rate plus 1.647%. With regulatory approval, MFC may redeem the debentures, in whole, but not in part, on the earliest par redemption date,
at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and unpaid interest.

(4)   Designated as a hedge of the Company’s net investment in its U.S. operations which reduces the earnings volatility
that would otherwise arise from the re-measurement of the subordinated notes into Canadian dollars.

(5)   Issued by MFC during the year, interest is payable semi-annually. After May 12, 2025, the interest rate will reset to
equal the 90-day Bankers’ Acceptance rate plus 1.49%. With regulatory approval, MFC may redeem the debentures, in whole, or in part, on or after May 12, 2025, at a redemption price equal to par,
together with accrued and unpaid interest.

(6)   On the earliest par redemption date, the interest rate will reset to equal the 5-Year Singapore Dollar Swap Rate plus a specified number of basis points. The specified number of basis points is as follows: 3.00% – 83.2 bps, 3.85% – 197 bps. With regulatory approval, MFC may
redeem the debentures, in whole, but not in part, on the earliest par redemption date and thereafter on each interest payment date, at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and unpaid interest.

(7)   Interest is fixed for the period up to the earliest par redemption date, thereafter, the interest rate will reset to a
floating rate equal to the 90-day Bankers’ Acceptance rate plus a specified number of basis points. The specified number of basis points is as follows: 3.049% – 105 bps, 3.317% – 78 bps. With
regulatory approval, MFC may redeem the debentures, in whole or in part, on or after the earliest par redemption date, at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and unpaid interest.

(8)   Interest is fixed for the period up to the earliest par redemption date, thereafter the interest rate will reset to a
floating rate equal to the 90-day Bankers’ Acceptance rate plus a specified number of basis points. The specified number of basis points is as follows: 3.181% – 157 bps, 2.389% – 83 bps. With
regulatory approval, MLI may redeem the debentures, in whole or in part, on or after the earliest par redemption date, at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and unpaid interest.

(9)   MLI redeemed in full the 2.389% subordinated debentures at par, on January 5, 2021, the earliest par redemption date.

(10)   MLI redeemed in full the 2.10% subordinated debentures at par, on June 1, 2020, the earliest par redemption date.

(11)   MLI redeemed in full the 2.64% subordinated debentures at par, on January 15, 2020, the earliest par redemption date.

(12)   Issued by John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, now John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.). Any payment of
interest or principal on the surplus notes requires prior approval from the Department of Insurance and Financial Services of the State of Michigan. The carrying value of the surplus notes reflects an unamortized fair value increment of US$13 (2019
– US$17), which arose as a result of the acquisition of John Hancock Financial Services, Inc. The amortization of the fair value adjustment is recorded in interest expense.

(b) Fair value measurement

Fair value of capital
instruments is determined using the following hierarchy:

Level 1 – Fair value is determined using quoted market prices where available.

Level 2 – When quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined with reference to quoted prices of similar debt instruments or estimated using
discounted cash flows based on observable market rates.

159

The Company measures capital instruments at amortized cost in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. As at
December 31, 2020, the fair value of capital instruments was $8,295 (2019 – $7,333). Fair value of capital instruments was determined using Level 2 valuation techniques (2019 – Level 2).

Note 11     Share Capital and Earnings Per Share

The authorized capital of MFC consists of:

•   an unlimited number of common shares without nominal or par value; and

•   an unlimited number of Class A, Class B and Class 1 preferred shares without nominal or par value, issuable
in series.

(a) Preferred shares

The following table presents information about the outstanding preferred shares as at December 31, 2020 and 2019.

As at December 31, 2020   Issue date   Annual dividend rate (1)   Earliest redemption date (2)   Number of shares (in millions)   Face amount   Net amount (3)
2020   2019
Class A preferred shares
Series 2   February 18, 2005   4.65   %   n/a   14   $   350   $   344   $   344
Series 3   January 3, 2006   4.50   %   n/a   12   300   294   294
Class 1 preferred shares
Series 3 (4),(5)   March 11, 2011   2.178   %   June 19, 2021   6   158   155   155
Series 4 (6)   June 20, 2016   floating   June 19, 2021   2   42   41   41
Series 5 (4),(5)   December 6, 2011   3.891   %   December 19, 2021   8   200   195   195
Series 7 (4),(5)   February 22, 2012   4.312   %   March 19, 2022   10   250   244   244
Series 9 (4),(5)   May 24, 2012   4.351   %   September 19, 2022   10   250   244   244
Series 11 (4),(5)   December 4, 2012   4.731   %   March 19, 2023   8   200   196   196
Series 13 (4),(5)   June 21, 2013   4.414   %   September 19, 2023   8   200   196   196
Series 15 (4),(5)   February 25, 2014   3.786   %   June 19, 2024   8   200   195   195
Series 17 (4),(5)   August 15, 2014   3.80   %   December 19, 2024   14   350   343   343
Series 19 (4),(5),(7)   December 3, 2014   3.675   %   March 19, 2025   10   250   246   246
Series 21 (4),(5)   February 25, 2016   5.60   %   June 19, 2021   17   425   417   417
Series 23 (4),(5)   November 22, 2016   4.85   %   March 19, 2022   19   475   467   467
Series
25 (4),(5)   February 20, 2018   4.70   %   June 19, 2023   10   250   245   245
Total   156   $   3,900   $   3,822   $   3,822

(1)   Holders of Class A and Class 1 preferred shares are entitled to receive non-cumulative preferential cash dividends on a quarterly basis, as and when declared by the Board of Directors.

(2)   Redemption of all preferred shares is subject to regulatory approval. MFC may redeem each series, in whole or in part, at
par, on the earliest redemption date or every five years thereafter, except for Class A Series 2, Class A Series 3 and Class 1 Series 4 preferred shares. Class A Series 2 and Series 3 preferred shares are past their respective
earliest redemption date and MFC may redeem these shares, in whole or in part, at par at any time, subject to regulatory approval, as noted. MFC may redeem the Class 1 Series 4, in whole or in part, at any time, at $25.00 per share if redeemed
on June 19, 2021 and on June 19 every five years thereafter, or at $25.50 per share if redeemed on any other date after June 19, 2016, subject to regulatory approval, as noted.

(3)   Net of after-tax issuance costs.

(4)   On the earliest redemption date and every five years thereafter, the annual dividend rate will be reset to the five-year
Government of Canada bond yield plus a yield specified for each series. The specified yield for Class 1 shares is: Series 3 – 1.41%, Series 5 – 2.90%, Series 7 – 3.13%, Series 9 – 2.86%, Series 11 – 2.61%, Series 13
– 2.22%, Series 15 – 2.16%, Series 17 – 2.36%, Series 19 – 2.30%, Series 21 – 4.97%, Series 23 – 3.83% and Series 25 – 2.55%.

(5)   On the earliest redemption date and every five years thereafter, Class 1 preferred shares are convertible at the
option of the holder into a new series that is one number higher than their existing series, and the holders are entitled to non-cumulative preferential cash dividends, payable quarterly if and when declared
by the Board of Directors, at a rate equal to the three month Government of Canada Treasury bill yield plus the rate specified in footnote 4 above.

(6)   The floating dividend rate for the Class 1 Shares Series 4 equals the three-month Government of Canada Treasury bill
yield plus 1.41%.

(7)   MFC did not exercise its right to redeem all or any of the outstanding Class 1 Shares Series 19 on March 19,
2020, the earliest redemption date. The dividend rate was reset as specified in footnote 4 above to an annual fixed rate of 3.675%, for a five-year period commencing on March 20, 2020.

(b) Common shares

The following table presents
changes in common shares issued and outstanding.

2020   2019
For the years ended December 31,   Number of shares (in millions)   Amount   Number of shares (in millions)   Amount
Balance, January 1   1,949   $   23,127   1,971   $   22,961
Repurchased for cancellation   (10   )   (121   )   (58   )   (677   )
Issued under dividend reinvestment plan   –   –   31   739
Issued on exercise of stock options and deferred share units   1   36   5   104
Total   1,940   $   23,042   1,949   $   23,127

160
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Normal Course Issuer Bid

On
March 13, 2020, the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (“OSFI”) announced measures to support the resilience of financial institutions. Consistent with these measures, OSFI set the expectation for all federally
regulated financial institutions that dividend increases and share buybacks should be halted for the time being. Accordingly, the Company has not repurchased its common shares since March 13, 2020.

MFC’s NCIB expired on November 13, 2020. During 2020, MFC purchased and subsequently cancelled 10.2 million (2019 – 57.6 million) of its common shares at
an average price of $24.86 (2019 – $23.22) per common share for a total cost of $253 (2019 – $1.3 billion). Of this, the book value of shares purchased was $121 (2019 - $677) which was recorded in common shares, and the excess market
value over book value of these shares was $132 (2019 – $662) which was recorded in retained earnings in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity.

Since
the commencement of this NCIB on November 14, 2019, MFC purchased for cancellation 16.5 million of its common shares at an average price of $25.26 per share for a total cost of $416.

Dividend Reinvestment Plan

The Company offers a Dividend Reinvestment Program
(“DRIP”) whereby shareholders may elect to automatically reinvest dividends in the form of MFC common shares instead of receiving cash. The offering of the program and its terms of execution are subject to the Board of Directors’
discretion.

During 2020, the Company purchased common shares for this program in the open market.

(c) Earnings per share

The following table
presents basic and diluted earnings per common share of the Company.

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Basic earnings per common share   $   2.94   $   2.77
Diluted earnings per common share   2.93   2.77

The following is a reconciliation of the numbers of shares in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share.

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Weighted average number of common shares (in millions)   1,941   1,958
Dilutive stock-based awards (1) (in millions)   2   4
Weighted average number of diluted common shares
(in millions)   1,943   1,962

(1)   The dilutive effect of stock-based awards was calculated using the treasury stock method. This method calculates the
number of incremental shares by assuming the outstanding stock-based awards are (i) exercised and (ii) then reduced by the number of shares assumed to be repurchased from the issuance proceeds, using the average market price of MFC common
shares for the year. Excluded from the calculation was a weighted average of 18 million (2019 – 9 million) anti-dilutive stock-based awards.

(d) Quarterly dividend declaration subsequent to year end

On February 10, 2021, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a
quarterly dividend of $0.28 per share on the common shares of MFC, payable on or after March 19, 2021 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 23, 2021.

The Board also declared dividends on the following
non-cumulative
 preferred shares, payable on or after March 19, 2021 to
shareholders of record at the close of business on February 23, 2021.

Class A Shares Series 2 – $0.29063 per share   Class 1 Shares Series 13 – $0.275875 per share
Class A Shares Series 3 – $0.28125 per share   Class 1 Shares Series 15 – $0.236625 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 3 – $0.136125 per share   Class 1 Shares Series 17 – $0.2375 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 4 – $0.092465 per share   Class 1 Shares Series 19 – $0.229688 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 5 – $0.243188 per share   Class 1 Shares Series 21 – $0.35 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 7 – $0.2695 per share   Class 1 Shares Series 23 – $0.303125 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 9 – $0.271938 per share   Class 1 Shares Series 25 – $0.29375 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 11 – $0.295688 per share

161

Note 12     Capital Management

(a) Capital management

The Company monitors and
manages its consolidated capital in compliance with the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (“LICAT”) guideline, the capital framework issued by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (“OSFI”). Under the
capital framework, the Company’s consolidated capital resources, including available capital, surplus allowance, and eligible deposits, are measured against the base solvency buffer, which is the risk-based capital requirement determined in
accordance with the guideline.

The Company’s operating activities are primarily conducted within MLI and its subsidiaries. MLI is also regulated by OSFI and is
therefore subject to consolidated risk-based capital requirements using the OSFI LICAT framework.

The Company seeks to manage its capital with the objectives of:

•   Operating with sufficient capital to be able to honour all commitments to its policyholders and creditors with a high degree
of confidence;

•   Retaining the ongoing confidence of regulators, policyholders, rating agencies, investors and other creditors in order to
ensure access to capital markets; and

•   Optimizing return on capital to meet shareholders’ expectations subject to constraints and considerations of adequate
levels of capital established to meet the first two objectives.

Capital is managed and monitored in accordance with the Capital Management Policy.
The policy is reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors annually and is integrated with the Company’s risk and financial management frameworks. It establishes guidelines regarding the quantity and quality of capital, internal capital
mobility, and proactive management of ongoing and future capital requirements.

The capital management framework considers the requirements of the Company as a whole
as well as the needs of each of the Company’s subsidiaries. Internal capital targets are set above the regulatory requirements, and consider a number of factors, including expectations of regulators and rating agencies, results of sensitivity
and stress testing and the Company’s own risk assessments. The Company monitors against these internal targets and initiates actions appropriate to achieving its business objectives.

Consolidated capital, based on accounting standards, is presented in the table below for MFC. For regulatory reporting purposes, LICAT available capital is based on
consolidated capital with adjustments for certain deductions, limits and restrictions, as mandated by the LICAT guideline.

Consolidated capital

As at December 31,   2020   2019
Total equity   $   53,006   $   50,106
Adjusted for AOCI loss on cash flow hedges   (229   )   (143   )
Total equity excluding AOCI on cash flow hedges   53,235   50,249
Qualifying capital instruments   7,829   7,120
Consolidated capital   $   61,064   $   57,369

(b) Restrictions on dividends and capital distributions

Dividends and capital distributions are restricted under the Insurance Companies Act (“ICA”). These restrictions apply to both MFC and its primary operating
subsidiary MLI. The ICA prohibits the declaration or payment of any dividend on shares of an insurance company if there are reasonable grounds for believing a company does not have adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms of liquidity or
the declaration or the payment of the dividend would cause the company to be in contravention of any regulation made under the ICA respecting the maintenance of adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms of liquidity, or of any direction
made to the company by OSFI. The ICA also requires an insurance company to notify OSFI of the declaration of a dividend at least 15 days prior to the date fixed for its payment. Similarly, the ICA prohibits the purchase for cancellation of any
shares issued by an insurance company or the redemption of any redeemable shares or other similar capital transactions, if there are reasonable grounds for believing that the company does not have adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms
of liquidity or the payment would cause the company to be in contravention of any regulation made under the ICA respecting the maintenance of adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms of liquidity, or any direction made to the company by
OSFI. These latter transactions would require the prior approval of OSFI.

The ICA requires Canadian insurance companies to maintain adequate levels of capital at all
times.

Since MFC is a holding company that conducts all of its operations through regulated insurance subsidiaries (or companies owned directly or indirectly by
these subsidiaries), its ability to pay future dividends will depend on the receipt of sufficient funds from its regulated insurance subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are also subject to certain regulatory restrictions under laws in Canada, the
United States and certain other countries that may limit their ability to pay dividends or make other upstream distributions.

On March 13, 2020, OSFI set the
expectation for all federally regulated financial institutions that dividend increases and share buybacks should be halted for the time being. Refer to note 11(b).

Note 13     Revenue from Service Contracts

The Company provides investment management services, administrative services, distribution and related services to proprietary and third-party investment funds,
retirement plans, group benefit plans and other arrangements. The Company also provides real estate management services to tenants of the Company’s investment properties.

162
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Company’s service contracts generally impose single performance obligations, each consisting of a series of
similar related services for each customer.

The Company’s performance obligations within service arrangements are generally satisfied over time as the customer
simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the services rendered, measured using an output method. Fees typically include variable consideration and the related revenue is recognized to the extent that it is highly probable that a
significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty is subsequently resolved.

Asset-based fees vary with asset
values of accounts under management, subject to market conditions and investor behaviors beyond the Company’s control. Transaction processing and administrative fees vary with activity volume, also beyond the Company’s control. Some fees,
including distribution fees, are based on account balances and transaction volumes. Fees related to account balances and transaction volumes are measured daily. Real estate management service fees include fixed portions plus recovery of variable
costs of services rendered to tenants. Fees related to services provided are generally recognized as services are rendered, which is when it becomes highly probable that no significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will occur. The
Company has determined that its service contracts have no significant financing components as fees are collected monthly. The Company has no significant contract assets or contract liabilities.

The following tables present revenue from service contracts by service lines and reporting segments as disclosed in note 19.

For the year ended December 31, 2020   Asia   Canada   U.S.   Global WAM   Corporate and Other   Total
Investment management and other related fees   $   171   $   202   $   514   $   2,770   $   (201   )   $   3,456
Transaction processing, administration, and service fees   239   814   15   2,215   2   3,285
Distribution fees and other   227   16   67   718   (52   )   976
Total included in other revenue   637   1,032   596   5,703   (251   )   7,717
Revenue from non-service lines   709   (19   )   2,115   7   62   2,874
Total other revenue   $   1,346   $   1,013   $   2,711   $   5,710   $   (189   )   $   10,591
Real estate management services included in net investment
income   $   37   $   144   $   143   $   –   $   8   $   332
For the year ended December 31, 2019   Asia   Canada   U.S.   Global WAM   Corporate and Other   Total
Investment management and other related fees   $   164   $   161   $   542   $   2,773   $   (198)   $   3,442
Transaction processing, administration, and service fees   223   827   17   2,048   –   3,115
Distribution fees and other   199   52   72   741   (44   )   1,020
Total included in other revenue   586   1,040   631   5,562   (242   )   7,577
Revenue from non-service lines   629   48   2,023   –   122   2,822
Total other revenue   $   1,215   $   1,088   $   2,654   $   5,562   $   (120   )   $   10,399
Real estate management services included in net investment
income   $   36   $   160   $   137   $   –   $   9   $   342

Note 14     Stock-Based Compensation

(a) Stock options

The Company grants stock options
under its Executive Stock Option Plan (“ESOP”) to selected individuals. The options provide the holder the right to purchase MFC common shares at an exercise price equal to the higher of the prior day, prior

five-day
 or prior
ten-day
 average closing market price of the shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange on the date the options are granted. The options vest over a period
not exceeding four years and expire not more than 10 years from the grant date. Effective with the 2015 grant, options may only be exercised after the fifth-year anniversary. A total of 73,600,000 common shares have been reserved for issuance under
the ESOP.

Options outstanding

2020   2019
For the years ended December 31,   Number of options (in millions)   Weighted average exercise price   Number of options (in millions)   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding, January 1   21   $   20.91   23   $   20.29
Granted   5   24.38   3   22.62
Exercised   (2   )   18.17   (4   )   18.79
Expired   –   24.27   –   18.88
Forfeited   –   23.73   (1   )   23.41
Outstanding, December 31   24   $   21.74   21   $   20.91
Exercisable, December 31   6   $   19.52   5   $   17.56

163

Options outstanding   Options exercisable
For the year ended December 31, 2020   Number of options (in millions)   Weighted average exercise price   Weighted average remaining contractual life (in years)   Number of options (in millions)   Weighted average exercise price   Weighted average remaining contractual life (in years)
$12.64—$20.99   6   $   16.77   3.75   2   $   15.32   1.27
$21.00—$24.83   18   $   23.53   6.90   4   $   21.85   3.72
Total   24   $   21.74   6.06   6   $   19.52   2.84

The weighted average fair value of each option granted in 2020 has been estimated at $3.66 (2019 – $4.57) using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model. The pricing model uses the following assumptions for these options: risk-free interest rate of 1.50% (2019 – 2.50%), dividend yield of 3.50% (2019 – 3.50%), expected volatility of 23% (2019 – 28.0%) and expected
life of 8 (2019 – 6.3) years. Expected volatility is estimated by evaluating a number of factors including historical volatility of the share price over multi-year periods.

Compensation expense related to stock options was $14 for the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019 – $11).

(b) Deferred share units

In 2000, the Company
granted deferred share units (“DSUs”) to certain employees under the ESOP. These DSUs vest over a three-year period and each DSU entitles the holder to receive one common share on retirement or termination of employment. When dividends are
paid on common shares, holders of DSUs are deemed to receive dividends at the same rate, payable in the form of additional DSUs. In 2020, nil DSUs were granted to employees under the ESOP (2019 – nil). The number of DSUs outstanding was 285,000
as at December 31, 2020 (2019 – 298,000).

In addition, for certain employees and pursuant to the Company’s deferred compensation program, the Company
grants DSUs under the Restricted Share Units (“RSUs”) Plan which entitle the holder to receive payment in cash equal to the value of the same number of common shares plus credited dividends on retirement or termination of employment. In
2020, the Company granted 28,000 DSUs to certain employees which vest after 36 months (2019 – 46,000). In 2020, 38,000 DSUs (2019 – 49,000) were granted to certain employees who elected to defer receipt of all or part of their annual
bonus. These DSUs vested immediately. Also, in 2020, 2,600 DSUs (2019 – 24,000) were granted to certain employees to defer payment of all or part of their RSUs and/or Performance Share Units (“PSUs”). These DSUs also vested
immediately.

Under the Stock Plan for
Non-Employee
 Directors, each eligible director may elect to receive his or her annual
director’s retainer and fees in DSUs or common shares in lieu of cash. Upon termination of the Board service, an eligible director who has elected to receive DSUs will be entitled to receive cash equal to the value of the DSUs accumulated in
his or her account, or at his or her direction, an equivalent number of common shares. The Company is allowed to issue up to one million common shares under this plan after which awards may be settled using shares purchased in the open market.

The fair value of 214,000 DSUs issued during the year was $22.65 per unit as at December 31, 2020 (2019 – 229,000 at $26.36 per unit).

For the years ended December 31, Number of DSUs (in thousands)   2020   2019
Outstanding, January 1   2,395   2,538
Issued   214   229
Reinvested   145   102
Redeemed   (576   )   (416   )
Forfeitures and cancellations   (9   )   (58   )
Outstanding, December 31   2,169   2,395

Of the DSUs outstanding as at December 31, 2020, 285,000 (2019 – 298,000) entitle the holder to receive common shares, 811,000
(2019 – 1,055,000) entitle the holder to receive payment in cash and 1,073,000 (2019 – 1,042,000) entitle the holder to receive payment in cash or common shares, at the option of the holder.

Compensation expense related to DSUs was $5 for the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019 – $10).

The carrying and fair value of the DSUs liability as at December 31, 2020 was $43 (2019 – $55) and was included in other liabilities.

(c) Restricted share units and performance share units

For the year ended December 31, 2020, 6.7 million RSUs (2019 – 6.5 million) and 1.1 million PSUs (2019 – 1.1 million) were granted to certain eligible
employees under MFC’s Restricted Share Unit Plan. The fair value of the RSUs and PSUs granted during the year was $22.65 per unit as at December 31, 2020 (2019 – $26.36 per unit). Each RSU and PSU entitles the holder to receive
payment equal to the market value of one common share, plus credited dividends, at the time of vesting, subject to any performance conditions.

RSUs and PSUs granted
in February 2020 will vest after 36 months from their grant date and the related compensation expense is recognized over these periods, except where the employee is eligible to retire prior to a vesting date, in which case the cost is recognized
over the period between the grant date and the date on which the employee is eligible to retire. Compensation expense related to RSUs and PSUs was $140 and $15, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019 – $128 and $17,
respectively).

164
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The carrying and fair value of the RSUs and PSUs liability as at December 31, 2020 was $194 (2019 – $205) and
was included in other liabilities.

(d) Global share ownership plan

The Company’s Global Share Ownership Plan allows qualifying employees to apply up to five per cent of their annual base earnings toward the purchase of common
shares. The Company matches a percentage of the employee’s eligible contributions up to a maximum amount. The Company’s contributions vest immediately. All contributions are used to purchase common shares in the open market.

Note 15     Employee Future Benefits

The Company maintains defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans and other post-employment plans for employees and agents including registered (tax-qualified)
pension plans that are typically funded, as well as supplemental
non-registered

(non-qualified)
 pension plans for executives, retiree welfare plans and disability
welfare plans that are typically not funded.

(a) Plan characteristics

The Company’s final average pay defined benefit pension plans and retiree welfare plans are closed to new members. All employees may participate in capital
accumulation plans including defined benefit cash balance plans, 401(k) plans and/or defined contribution plans, depending on the country of employment.

All pension
arrangements are governed by local pension committees or management, but significant plan changes require approval from the Company’s Board of Directors.

The
Company’s funding policy for defined benefit pension plans is to make the minimum annual contributions required by regulations in the countries in which the plans are offered. Assumptions and methods prescribed for regulatory funding purposes
typically differ from those used for accounting purposes.

The Company’s remaining defined benefit pension and/or retiree welfare plans are in the U.S., Canada,
Japan and Taiwan (China). There are also disability welfare plans in the U.S. and Canada.

The largest defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans are the
primary plans for employees in the U.S. and Canada. These are the material plans that are discussed in the balance of this note. The Company measures its defined benefit obligations and fair value of plan assets for accounting purposes as at
December 31 each year.

U.S. defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans

The Company operates a qualified cash balance plan that is open to new members, a closed
non-qualified
 cash balance plan, and a
closed retiree welfare plan.

Actuarial valuations to determine the Company’s minimum funding contributions for the qualified cash balance plan are required
annually. Deficits revealed in the funding valuations must generally be funded over a period of up to seven years. It is expected that there will be no required funding for this plan in 2020. There are no plan assets set aside for the
non-qualified
 cash balance plan.

The retiree welfare plan subsidizes the cost of life insurance and medical benefits. The majority
of those who retired after 1991 receive a fixed-dollar subsidy from the Company based on service. The plan was closed to all employees hired after 2004. While assets have been set aside in a qualified trust to pay future retiree welfare benefits,
this funding is optional. Retiree welfare benefits offered under the plan coordinate with the U.S. Medicare program to make optimal use of available federal financial support.

The qualified pension and retiree welfare plans are governed by the U.S. Benefits Committee, while the
non-qualified
 pension plan
is governed by the U.S.
Non-Qualified
 Plans Subcommittee.

Canadian defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans

The Company’s defined benefit plans in Canada include two registered final average pay pension plans, a

non-registered
 supplemental final average pay pension plan and a retiree welfare plan, all of which have been closed to new members.

Actuarial valuations to determine the Company’s minimum funding contributions for the registered pension plans are required at least once every three years. Deficits
revealed in the funding valuation must generally be funded over a period of ten years. For 2021, the required funding for these plans is expected to be $2. The
non-registered
 supplemental pension plan is not
funded.

The retiree welfare plan subsidizes the cost of life insurance, medical and dental benefits. These subsidies are a fixed-dollar amount for those who retired
after April 30, 2013 and have been eliminated for those who retire after 2019. There are no assets set aside for this plan.

The registered pension plans are
governed by Pension Committees, while the supplemental
non-registered
 plan is governed by the Board of Directors. The retiree welfare plan is governed by management.

165

(b) Risks

In final average pay pension plans and retiree welfare plans, the Company generally bears the material risks which include interest rate, investment, longevity and health
care cost inflation risks. In defined contribution plans, these risks are typically borne by the employee. In cash balance plans, the interest rate, investment and longevity risks are partially transferred to the employee.

Material sources of risk to the Company for all plans include:

•   A decline in discount rates that increases the defined benefit obligations by more than the change in value of plan assets;

•   Lower than expected rates of mortality; and

•   For retiree welfare plans, higher than expected health care costs.

The Company has managed these risks through plan design and eligibility changes that have limited the size and growth of the defined benefit obligations. Investment risks
for funded plans are managed by investing significantly in asset classes which are highly correlated with the plans’ liabilities.

In the U.S., delegated
committee representatives and management review the financial status of the qualified defined benefit pension plan at least monthly, and steps are taken in accordance with an established dynamic investment policy to increase the plan’s
allocation to asset classes which are highly correlated with the plan’s liabilities and reduce investment risk as the funded status improves. As at December 31, 2020, the target asset allocation for the plan was 27% return-seeking assets
and 73% liability-hedging assets.

In Canada, internal committees and management review the financial status of the registered defined benefit pension plans on at
least a quarterly basis. As at December 31, 2020, the target asset allocation for the plans was 20% return-seeking assets and 80% liability-hedging assets.

(c) Pension and retiree welfare plans

Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019   2020   2019
Changes in defined benefit obligation:
Opening balance   $   4,817   $   4,675   $   645   $   640
Current service cost   41   40   –   –
Interest cost   150   182   20   25
Plan participants’ contributions   –   1   3   3
Actuarial losses (gains) due to:
Experience   2   8   (14   )   (10   )
Demographic assumption changes   (67   )   –   (12   )   –
Economic assumption changes   333   413   49   56
Benefits paid   (318   )   (358   )   (45   )   (46   )
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates   (57   )   (144   )   (8   )   (23   )
Defined benefit obligation,
December 31   $   4,901   $   4,817   $   638   $   645
Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019   2020   2019
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets, opening balance   $   4,453   $   4,187   $   598   $   610
Interest income   140   164   19   25
Return on plan assets (excluding interest income)   310   529   33   25
Employer contributions   71   75   11   12
Plan participants’ contributions   –   1   3   3
Benefits paid   (318   )   (358   )   (45   )   (46   )
Administration costs   (7   )   (9   )   (2   )   (2   )
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates   (54   )   (136   )   (11   )   (29   )
Fair value of plan assets,
December 31   $   4,595   $   4,453   $   606   $   598

166
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(d) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position

Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31,   2020   2019   2020   2019
Development of net defined benefit liability
Defined benefit obligation   $   4,901   $   4,817   $   638   $   645
Fair value of plan assets   4,595   4,453   606   598
Deficit   306   364   32   47
Effect of asset
limit (1)   –   4   –   –
Deficit (surplus) and net defined benefit liability
(asset)   306   368   32   47
Deficit is comprised of:
Funded or partially funded plans   (446   )   (391   )   (134   )   (120   )
Unfunded plans   752   759   166   167
Deficit (surplus) and net defined benefit
liability (asset)   $   306   $   368   $   32   $   47

(1)   In 2019, the Company recognized an impairment of $4 on the net defined benefit asset for one of its registered pension
plans in Canada.

(e) Disaggregation of defined benefit obligation

U.S. plans   Canadian plans
Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans   Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31,   2020   2019   2020   2019   2020   2019   2020   2019
Active members   $   551   $   550   $   27   $   31   $   211   $   301   $   –   $   25
Inactive and retired members   2,528   2,529   445   447   1,611   1,437   166   142
Total   $   3,079   $   3,079   $   472   $   478   $   1,822   $   1,738   $   166   $   167

(f) Fair value measurements

The major categories of plan assets and the allocation to each category are as follows.

U.S. plans (1)   Canadian plans (2)
Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans   Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31, 2020   Fair value   % of total   Fair value   % of total   Fair value   % of total   Fair value   % of total
Cash and cash equivalents   $   17   1%   $   30   5%   $   10   1%   $   –   –
Equity securities (3)   612   20%   49   8%   339   22%   –   –
Debt securities   2,175   71%   520   86%   1,186   77%   –   –
Other
investments (4)   254   8%   7   1%   2   0%   –   –
Total   $   3,058   100%   $   606   100%   $   1,537   100%   $   –   –
U.S. plans (1)   Canadian plans (2)
Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans   Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31, 2019   Fair value   % of total   Fair value   % of total   Fair value   % of total   Fair value   % of total
Cash and cash equivalents   $   32   1%   $   35   6%   $   12   1%   $   –   –
Equity securities (3)   563   19%   45   8%   311   21%   –   –
Debt securities   2,155   72%   511   85%   1,123   78%   –   –
Other
investments (4)   255   8%   7   1%   2   0%   –   –
Total   $   3,005   100%   $   598   100%   $   1,448   100%   $   –   –

(1)   All the U.S. pension and retiree welfare plan assets have daily quoted prices in active markets, except for the private
equity, timber and agriculture assets. In the aggregate, the latter assets represent approximately 7% of all U.S. pension and retiree welfare plan assets as at December 31, 2020 (2019 – 7%).

(2)   All the Canadian pension plan assets have daily quoted prices in active markets, except for the group annuity contract
assets that represent approximately 0.1% of all Canadian pension plan assets as at December 31, 2020 (2019 – 0.1%).

(3)   Equity securities include direct investments in MFC common shares of $1.1 (2019 – $1.3) in the U.S. retiree welfare
plan and $nil (2019 – $nil) in Canada.

(4)   Other U.S. plan assets include investment in private equity, timberland and agriculture, and managed futures. Other
Canadian pension plan assets include investment in the group annuity contract.

167

(g) Net benefit cost recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income

Components of the net benefit cost for the pension plans and retiree welfare plans were as follows.

Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019   2020   2019
Defined benefit current service cost   $   41   $   40   $   –   $   –
Defined benefit administrative expenses   7   9   2   2
Service cost   48   49   2   2
Interest on net defined benefit (asset) liability   10   18   1   –
Defined benefit cost   58   67   3   2
Defined contribution cost   84   80   –   –
Net benefit cost   $   142   $   147   $   3   $   2

(h)
Re-measurement
 effects recognized in Other Comprehensive Income

Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019   2020   2019
Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit obligations due to:
Experience   $   (2   )   $   (8   )   $   14   $   10
Demographic assumption changes   67   –   12   –
Economic assumption changes   (333   )   (413   )   (49   )   (56   )
Return on plan assets (excluding interest income)   310   529   33   25
Change in effect of asset limit   5   5   –   –
Total re-measurement effects   $   47   $   113   $   10   $   (21   )

(i) Assumptions

The key assumptions used by the Company to determine the defined benefit obligation and net benefit cost for the defined benefit pension plans and retiree welfare plans
were as follows.

U.S. Plans   Canadian Plans
Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans   Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019   2020   2019   2020   2019   2020   2019
To determine the defined benefit obligation at end of
year (1) :
Discount rate   2.4%   3.2%   2.4%   3.2%   2.5%   3.1%   2.6%   3.1%
Initial health care cost trend rate (2)   n/a   n/a   7.3%   7.5%   n/a   n/a   5.5%   5.6%
To determine the defined benefit cost for the
year (1) :
Discount rate   3.2%   4.3%   3.2%   4.3%   3.1%   3.8%   3.1%   3.8%
Initial health care cost trend rate (2)   n/a   n/a   7.5%   7.8%   n/a   n/a   5.6%   5.7%

(1)   Inflation and salary increase assumptions are not shown as they do not materially affect obligations and cost.

(2)   The health care cost trend rate used to measure the U.S. based retiree welfare obligation was 7.3% grading to 4.5% for
2032 and years thereafter (2019 – 7.5% grading to 4.5% for 2032) and to measure the net benefit cost was 7.5% grading to 4.5% for 2032 and years thereafter (2019 – 7.8% grading to 5.0% for 2030). In Canada, the rate used to measure the
retiree welfare obligation was 5.5% grading to 4.8% for 2026 and years thereafter (2019 – 5.6% grading to 4.8% for 2026) and to measure the net benefit cost was 5.6% grading to 4.8% for 2026 and years thereafter (2019 – 5.7% grading to
4.8% for 2026).

Assumptions regarding future mortality are based on published statistics and mortality tables. The current life expectancies
underlying the values of the obligations in the defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans are as follows.

As at December 31, 2020   U.S.   Canada
Life expectancy (in years) for those currently age 65
Males   21.9   23.8
Females   23.4   25.6
Life expectancy (in years) at age 65 for those currently age 45
Males   23.3   24.7
Females   24.8   26.5

168
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(j) Sensitivity of assumptions on obligations

Assumptions used can have a significant effect on the obligations reported for defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans. The potential impact on the obligations
arising from changes in the key assumptions is set out in the following table. The sensitivities assume all other assumptions are held constant. In actuality, inter-relationships with other assumptions may exist.

As at December 31, 2020   Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans
Discount rate:
Impact of a 1% increase   $   (467   )   $   (67   )
Impact of a 1% decrease   554   82
Health care cost trend rate:
Impact of a 1% increase   n/a   20
Impact of a 1% decrease   n/a   (17   )
Mortality rates (1)
Impact of a 10% decrease   143   16

(1)   If the actuarial estimates of mortality are adjusted in the future to reflect unexpected decreases in mortality, the
effect of a 10% decrease in mortality rates at each future age would be an increase in life expectancy at age 65 of 0.8 years for U.S. males and females and 0.7 years and 0.8 years for Canadian males and females, respectively.

(k) Maturity profile

The weighted average
duration (in years) of the defined benefit obligations is as follows.

Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31,   2020   2019   2020   2019
U.S. plans   9.9   9.3   9.8   9.7
Canadian plans   12.5   12.3   14.7   14.3

(l) Cash flows – contributions

Total cash payments for all employee future benefits, comprised of cash contributed by the Company to funded defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans, cash
payments directly to beneficiaries in respect of unfunded pension and retiree welfare plans, and cash contributed to defined contribution pension plans, are as follows.

Pension plans   Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019   2020   2019
Defined benefit plans   $   71   $   75   $   11   $   12
Defined contribution plans   84   80   –   –
Total   $   155   $   155   $   11   $   12

The Company’s best estimate of expected cash payments for employee future benefits for the year ending December 31, 2021 is $65
for defined benefit pension plans, $85 for defined contribution pension plans and $13 for retiree welfare plans.

Note 16
    Income Taxes

(a) Income tax expense

The following table presents
 i
ncome tax expense (recovery) recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Current tax
Current year   $   998   $   1,246
Adjustments related to prior years   (83   )   (74   )
Total current tax   915   1,172
Deferred tax
Change related to temporary differences   253   (454   )
Effects of changes in tax rates   27   –
Total deferred tax   280   (454   )
Income tax expense   $   1,195   $   718

169

The following table discloses income tax expense (recovery) recognized directly in equity.

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Recognized in other comprehensive income
Current income tax expense (recovery)   $   (92   )   $   92
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)   87   366
Total recognized in other comprehensive
income   $   (5   )   $   458
Recognized in equity, other than other comprehensive income
Current income tax expense (recovery)   $   25   $   5
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)   (25   )   (6   )
Total income tax recognized directly in
equity   $   –   $   (1   )

(b) Current tax receivable and payable

As at December 31, 2020, the Company had approximately $993 and $87 of current tax receivable and current tax payable, respectively (2019 – $600 and $121).

(c) Tax reconciliation

The effective income tax
rate reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income varies from the Canadian tax rate of 26.50 per cent for the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019 – 26.75 per cent) for the items outlined in the following table.

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Income before income taxes   $   6,770   $   6,220
Income tax expense at Canadian statutory tax rate   $   1,794   $   1,664
Increase (decrease) in income taxes due to:
Tax-exempt investment income   (171   )   (260   )
Differences in tax rate on income not subject to tax in Canada   (528   )   (754   )
Adjustments to taxes related to prior years   (96   )   (106   )
Tax rate change   27   –
Other differences   169   174
Income tax expense   $   1,195   $   718

(d) Deferred tax assets and liabilities

The following table presents the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities reflected on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

As at December, 31   2020   2019
Deferred tax assets   $   4,842   $   4,574
Deferred tax liabilities   (2,614   )   (1,972   )
Net deferred tax assets
(liabilities)   $   2,228   $   2,602

The following table presents movement of deferred tax assets and liabilities.

As at December 31, 2020   Balance, January 1, 2020   Disposals   Recognized in Income Statement   Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income   Recognized in Equity   Translation and Other   Balance, December 31, 2020
Loss carryforwards   $   705   $   –   $   (210   )   $   –   $   –   $   2   $   497
Actuarial liabilities   8,443   –   1,063   –   –   (134   )   9,372
Pensions and post-employment benefits   226   –   –   (10   )   –   (1   )   215
Tax credits   –   –   –   –   –   –   –
Accrued interest   1   –   –   –   –   –   1
Real estate   (1,046   )   –   5   (2   )   1   9   (1,033   )
Securities and other investments   (4,704   )   –   (1,254   )   (59   )   2   72   (5,943   )
Sale of investments   (69   )   –   13   –   –   –   (56   )
Goodwill and intangible assets   (876   )   –   24   –   –   3   (849   )
Other   (78   )   –   79   (16   )   22   17   24
Total   $   2,602   $   –   $   (280   )   $   (87   )   $   25   $   (32   )   $   2,228

170
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As at December 31, 2019   Balance, January 1, 2019   Disposals   Recognized in Income Statement   Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income   Recognized in Equity   Translation and Other   Balance, December 31, 2019
Loss carryforwards   $   1,019   $   (18   )   $   (278   )   $   –   $   (1   )   $   (17   )   $   705
Actuarial liabilities   5,466   –   3,093   –   (1   )   (115   )   8,443
Pensions and post-employment benefits   242   –   4   (20   )   –   –   226
Tax credits   261   –   (253   )   –   –   (8   )   –
Accrued interest   1   –   –   –   –   –   1
Real estate   (959   )   –   (110   )   –   –   23   (1,046   )
Securities and other investments   (2,689   )   –   (1,863   )   (347   )   39   156   (4,704   )
Sale of investments   (87   )   –   17   –   –   1   (69   )
Goodwill and intangible assets   (847   )   –   (49   )   –   –   20   (876   )
Other   97   (37   )   (107   )   1   (31   )   (1   )   (78   )
Total   $   2,504   $   (55   )   $   454   $  (366   )   $   6   $   59   $   2,602

The total deferred tax assets as at December 31, 2020 of $4,842 (2019 – $4,574) includes $1,005 (2019 – $98) where the
Company has suffered losses in either the current or preceding year and where the recognition is dependent on future taxable profits in the relevant jurisdictions and feasible management actions.

As at December 31, 2020, tax loss carryforwards available were approximately $2,479 (2019 – $3,440) of which $2,321 expire between the years 2022 and 2040 while
$137 have no expiry date, and capital loss carryforwards available were approximately $21 (2019 – $31) and have no expiry date. A $497 (2019 – $705) tax benefit related to these tax loss carryforwards has been recognized as a deferred tax
asset as at December 31, 2020, and a benefit of $99 (2019 – $93) has not been recognized. In addition, the Company has approximately $154 (2019 – $157) of tax credit carryforwards which will expire between the years 2027 and 2029 of
which a benefit of $154 (2019 – $157) has not been recognized.

The total deferred tax liability as at December 31, 2020 was $2,614 (2019 – $1,972).
This amount includes the deferred tax liability of consolidated entities. The aggregate amount of taxable temporary differences associated with the Company’s own investments in subsidiaries is not included in the Consolidated Financial
Statements and was $22,782 (2019 – $19,623).

Note 17     Interests in Structured Entities

The Company is involved with both consolidated and unconsolidated structured entities (“SEs”) which are established to generate investment and fee income. The
Company is also involved with SEs that are used to facilitate financing for the Company. These entities may have some or all the following features: control is not readily identified based on voting rights; restricted activities designed to achieve
a narrow objective; high amount of leverage; and/or highly structured capital.

The Company only discloses its involvement in significant consolidated and
unconsolidated SEs. In assessing the significance, the Company considers the nature of its involvement with the SE, including whether it is sponsored by the Company (i.e. initially organized and managed by the Company). Other factors considered
include the Company’s investment in the SE as compared to total investments, its returns from the SE as compared to total net investment income, the SE’s size as compared to total funds under management, and its exposure to any other risks
from its involvement with the SE.

The Company does not provide financial or other support to its SEs, when it does not have a contractual obligation to do so.

(a) Consolidated SEs

Investment SEs

The Company acts as an investment manager of timberlands and timber companies. The Company’s general fund and segregated funds invest in many of these companies. The
Company has control over one timberland company which it manages, Hancock Victoria Plantations Holdings PTY Limited (“HVPH”). HVPH is a SE primarily because the Company’s employees exercise voting rights over it on behalf of other
investors. As at December 31, 2020, the Company’s consolidated timber assets relating to HVPH were $949 (2019 – $936). The Company does not provide guarantees to other parties against the risk of loss from HVPH.

Financing SEs

The Company securitizes certain insured and variable rate
commercial and residential mortgages and HELOC. This activity is facilitated by consolidated entities that are SEs because their operations are limited to issuing and servicing the Company’s funding. Further information regarding the
Company’s mortgage securitization program is included in note 3.

(b) Unconsolidated SEs

Investment SEs

The following table presents the Company’s investments and
maximum exposure to loss from significant unconsolidated investment SEs, some of which are sponsored by the Company. The Company does not provide guarantees to other parties against the risk of loss from these SEs.

171

Company’s investment (1)   Company’s maximum exposure to loss (2)
As at December 31,   2020   2019   2020   2019
Leveraged leases (3)   $   3,371   $   3,371   $   3,371   $   3,371
Timberland companies (4)   776   752   776   765
Real estate
companies (5)   497   541   497   541
Total   $   4,644   $   4,664   $   4,644   $   4,677

(1)   The Company’s investments in these unconsolidated SEs are included in invested assets and the Company’s returns
from them are included in net investment income and AOCI.

(2)   The Company’s maximum exposure to loss from each SE is limited to amounts invested in each, plus unfunded capital
commitments, if any. The Company’s investment commitments are disclosed in note 18. The maximum loss is expected to occur only upon the entity’s bankruptcy/liquidation, or in case a natural disaster in the case of the timber companies.

(3)   These entities are statutory business trusts which use capital provided by the Company and senior debt provided by other
parties to finance the acquisition of assets. These assets are leased to third-party lessees under long-term leases. The Company owns equity capital in these business trusts. The Company does not consolidate any of the trusts that are party to the
lease arrangements because the Company does not have decision-making power over them.

(4)   These entities own and operate timberlands. The Company invests in their equity and debt. The Company’s returns
include investment income, investment advisory fees, forestry management fees and performance advisory fees. The Company does not control these entities because it either does not have the power to govern their financial and operating policies or
does not have significant variable returns from them, or both.

(5)   These entities, which include the Manulife U.S. REIT, own and manage commercial real estate. The Company invests in their
equity. The Company’s returns include investment income, investment management fees, property management fees, acquisition/disposition fees and leasing fees. The Company does not control these entities because it either does not have the power
to govern their financial and operating policies or does not have significant variable returns from them, or both.

Financing SEs

The Company’s interests and maximum exposure to loss from significant unconsolidated financing SEs are as follows.

Company’s interests (1)
As at December 31,   2020   2019
Manulife Finance (Delaware), L.P. (2)   $   931   $   852
Manulife Financial Capital Trust II (3)   –   1
Total   $   931   $   853

(1)   The Company’s interests include amounts borrowed from the SEs and the Company’s investment in their subordinated
capital, and foreign currency and interest swaps with them, if any.

(2)   This entity is a wholly owned partnership used to facilitate the Company’s financing. Refer to notes 10 and 18.

(3)   This entity is an open-ended trust that was used to facilitate the Company’s financing. The Company redeemed all
outstanding $1billion principal amount of MFCT II Senior debenture notes, at par, on December 30, 2019. Using these proceeds, the trust redeemed MFCT II Series 1 held by third parties, at par, on December 31, 2019.

(i) Other invested assets

The Company has investment relationships with a
variety of other entities, which result from its direct investment in their debt and/or equity and which have been assessed for control. These other entities’ investments include but are not limited to investments in power and infrastructure,
oil and gas, private equity, real estate and agriculture, organized as limited partnerships and limited liability companies. Most of these other entities are not sponsored by the Company. The Company’s involvement with these other entities is
not individually significant. As such, the Company neither provides summary financial data for these entities nor individually assesses whether they are SEs. The Company’s maximum exposure to losses because of its involvement with these other
entities is limited to its investment in them and amounts committed to be invested but not yet funded. The Company records its income from these entities in net investment income and AOCI. The Company does not provide guarantees to other parties
against the risk of loss from these other entities.

(ii) Interest in securitized assets

The Company invests in mortgage/asset-backed securities issued by securitization vehicles sponsored by other parties, including private issuers and government sponsored
issuers, to generate investment income. The Company does not own a controlling financial interest in any of the issuers. These securitization vehicles are SEs based on their narrow scope of activities and highly leveraged capital structures.
Investments in mortgage/asset-backed securities are reported on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as debt securities and private placements, and their fair value and carrying value are disclosed in note 3. The Company’s maximum
loss from these investments is limited to amounts invested.

Commercial mortgage-backed securities (“CMBS”) are secured by commercial mortgages and
residential mortgage-backed securities (“RMBS”) are secured by residential mortgages. Asset-backed securities (“ABS”) may be secured by various underlying assets including credit card receivables, automobile loans and aviation
leases. The mortgage/asset-backed securities that the Company invests in primarily originate in North America.

172
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table presents investments in securitized holdings by the type and asset quality.

2020   2019
As at December 31,   CMBS   RMBS   ABS   Total   Total
AAA   $   1,438   $   7   $   1,020   $   2,465   $   2,805
AA   –   –   32   32   648
A   53   3   605   661   372
BBB   –   –   208   208   63
BB and below   –   –   76   76   –
Total company exposure   $   1,491   $   10   $   1,941   $   3,442   $   3,888

(iii) Mutual funds

The Company sponsors and
may invest in a range of public mutual funds with a broad range of investment styles. As sponsor, the Company organizes mutual funds that implement investment strategies on behalf of current and future investors. The Company earns fees which are at
market rates for providing advisory and administrative services to these mutual funds. Generally, the Company does not control its sponsored mutual funds because either the Company does not have power to govern their financial and operating
policies, or its returns in the form of fees and ownership interests are not significant, or both. Certain mutual funds are SEs because their decision-making rights are not vested in voting equity interests and their investors are provided with
redemption rights.

The Company’s relationships with these mutual funds are not individually significant. As such, the Company neither provides summary financial
data for these mutual funds nor individually assesses whether they are SEs. The Company’s interest in mutual funds is limited to its investment and fees earned, if any. The Company’s investments in mutual funds are recorded as part of its
investment in public equities within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. For information regarding the Company’s invested assets, refer to note 3. The Company does not provide guarantees to other parties against the risk of loss
from these mutual funds.

As sponsor, the Company’s investment in (“seed”) startup capital of mutual funds as at December 31, 2020 was $1,428
(2019 – $1,576). The Company’s retail mutual fund assets under management as at December
31, 2020 were $238,068 (2019 – $217,015).

Note 18     Commitments and Contingencies

(a) Legal proceedings

The Company is regularly
involved in legal actions, both as a defendant and as a plaintiff. The legal actions where the Company is a party ordinarily relate to its activities as a provider of insurance protection or wealth management products, reinsurance, or in its
capacity as an investment adviser, employer, or taxpayer. Other life insurers and asset managers, operating in the jurisdictions in which the Company does business, have been subject to a wide variety of other types of actions, some of which
resulted in substantial judgments or settlements against the defendants; it is possible that the Company may become involved in similar actions in the future. In addition, government and regulatory bodies in Canada, the United States, Asia and other
jurisdictions where the Company conducts business regularly make inquiries and, from time to time, require the production of information or conduct examinations concerning the Company’s compliance with, among other things, insurance laws,
securities laws, and laws governing the activities of broker-dealers.

In June 2018, a class action was initiated against John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)
(“JHUSA”) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York (“JHNY”) in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of owners of approximately 1,500 Performance Universal Life (“UL”)
policies issued between 2003 and 2009 whose policies were subject to a Cost of Insurance (“COI”) increase announced in 2018. In October 2018, a second and almost identical class action was initiated against JHUSA and JHNY in the U.S.
District Court for the Southern District of New York. The two cases were determined to be related, and they were consolidated and assigned to the same judge. Discovery has commenced in these cases. No hearings on substantive matters have been
scheduled. It is too early to assess the range of potential outcomes for these two related lawsuits. In addition to the consolidated class action, there are seven
non-class
 lawsuits opposing the Performance UL
COI increases that also have been filed. Each of the lawsuits, except one, is brought by plaintiffs owning multiple policies and by entities managing them for investment purposes. Two of the
non-class
 lawsuits
are pending in New York state court; two of the lawsuits are pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York; and three lawsuits are pending in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. Whether
individually or on a combined basis, it remains premature, given the procedural status of these cases, as well as the relatively early development of parties’ respective legal theories, to suggest a reliable estimate of potential outcomes.

(b) Investment commitments

In the normal course
of business, various investment commitments are outstanding which are not reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements. There were $9,937 (2019 – $8,682) of outstanding investment commitments as at December 31, 2020, of which $638
(2019 – $411) mature in 30 days, $2,634 (2019 – $2,507) mature in 31 to 365 days and $6,665 (2019 – $5,764) mature after one year.

173

(c) Letters of credit

In the normal course of business, third-party relationship banks issue letters of credit on the Company’s behalf. The Company’s businesses utilize letters of
credit for which third parties are the beneficiaries, as well as for affiliate reinsurance transactions between its subsidiaries. As at December 31, 2020, letters of credit for which third parties are beneficiary, in the amount of $103 (2019
– $57), were outstanding.

(d) Guarantees

(i) Guarantees regarding Manulife Finance (Delaware), L.P. (“MFLP”)

MFC has guaranteed the payment of amounts on the $650 subordinated debentures due on December 15, 2041 issued by MFLP, a wholly owned unconsolidated partnership.

(ii) Guarantees regarding The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company

MFC
has provided a subordinated guarantee on the day of issuance for the following subordinated debentures issued by MLI: $350 issued on June 1, 2015; and $1,000 issued on November 20, 2015.

The following table presents certain condensed consolidated financial information for MFC and MFLP.

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Information

For the year ended December 31, 2020   MFC (Guarantor)   MLI consolidated   Other subsidiaries of MFC on a combined basis   Consolidation adjustments   Total consolidated amounts   MFLP
Total revenue   $   547   $   78,929   $   520   $   (1,088   )   $   78,908   $   32
Net income (loss) attributed to shareholders   5,871   6,179   (500   )   (5,679   )   5,871   (1   )
For the year ended December 31, 2019   MFC (Guarantor)   MLI consolidated   Other subsidiaries of MFC on a combined basis   Consolidation adjustments   Total consolidated amounts   MFLP
Total revenue   $   371   $   79,711   $   417   $   (929   )   $   79,570   $   32
Net income (loss) attributed to shareholders   5,602   5,963   (401   )   (5,562   )   5,602   (1   )

Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position

As at December 31, 2020   MFC (Guarantor)   MLI consolidated   Other subsidiaries of MFC on a combined basis   Consolidation adjustments   Total consolidated amounts   MFLP
Invested assets   $   47   $   410,919   $   11   $   –   $   410,977   $   5
Total other assets   64,419   102,439   3   (64,925   )   101,936   1,166
Segregated funds net assets   –   367,436   –   –   367,436   –
Insurance contract liabilities   –   385,554   –   –   385,554   –
Investment contract liabilities   –   3,288   –   –   3,288   –
Segregated funds net liabilities   –   367,436   –   –   367,436   –
Total other liabilities   12,131   59,683   –   (749   )   71,065   936
As at December 31, 2019   MFC (Guarantor)   MLI consolidated   Other subsidiaries of MFC on a combined basis   Consolidation adjustments   Total consolidated amounts   MFLP
Invested assets   $   21   $   378,496   $   10   $   –   $   378,527   $   6
Total other assets   57,474   87,774   3   (57,756   )   87,495   1,088
Segregated funds net assets   –   343,108   –   –   343,108   –
Insurance contract liabilities   –   351,161   –   –   351,161   –
Investment contract liabilities   –   3,104   –   –   3,104   –
Segregated funds net liabilities   –   343,108   –   –   343,108   –
Total other liabilities   8,357   53,998   –   (704   )   61,651   858

(iii) Guarantees regarding John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (“JHUSA”)

Details of guarantees regarding certain securities issued or to be issued by JHUSA are outlined in note 23.

174
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(e) Pledged assets

In the normal course of business, the Company pledges its assets in respect of liabilities incurred, strictly for providing collateral to the counterparty. In the event
of the Company’s default, the counterparty is entitled to apply the collateral to settle the liability. The pledged assets are returned to the Company if the underlying transaction is terminated or, in the case of derivatives, if there is a
decrease in the net exposure due to market value changes.

The amounts pledged are as follows.

2020   2019
As at December 31,   Debt securities   Other   Debt securities   Other
In respect of:
Derivatives   $   5,924   $   35   $   4,257   $   17
Secured borrowings (1)   –   2,790   –   –
Regulatory requirements   452   80   433   67
Repurchase agreements   353   –   330   –
Non-registered retirement plans in trust   –   424   –   407
Other   2   302   3   331
Total   $   6,731   $   3,631   $   5,023   $   822

(1)   During the year, the Company pledged its mortgage loans with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis
(“FHLBI”). Of this amount, $937 is required collateral for the US$500 outstanding borrowing to JHUSA under the FHLBI facility; and $1,853 is excess collateral that can be called back by JHUSA at any time.

(f) Participating business

In some territories
where the Company maintains participating accounts, there are regulatory restrictions on the amounts of profit that can be transferred to shareholders. Where applicable, these restrictions generally take the form of a fixed percentage of
policyholder dividends. For participating businesses operating as separate “closed blocks”, transfers are governed by the terms of MLI’s and John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company’s plans of demutualization.

(g) Fixed surplus notes

A third party
contractually provides standby financing arrangements for the Company’s U.S. operations under which, in certain circumstances, funds may be provided in exchange for the issuance of fixed surplus notes. As at December 31, 2020, the Company
had no fixed surplus notes outstanding.

Note 19     Segmented Information

The Company’s reporting segments are Asia, Canada, U.S., Global WAM and Corporate and Other. Each reporting segment is responsible for managing its operating
results, developing products, defining strategies for services and distribution based on the profile and needs of its business and market. The Company’s significant product and service offerings by the reporting segments are mentioned below.

Wealth and asset management businesses (Global WAM)
 – include mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, group retirement and savings products, and
institutional asset management services across all major asset classes. These products and services are distributed through multiple distribution channels, including agents and brokers affiliated with the Company, independent securities brokerage
firms and financial advisors pension plan consultants and banks.

Insurance and annuity products (Asia, Canada and U.S.)
 – includes a variety of
individual life insurance, individual and group long-term care insurance and guaranteed and partially guaranteed annuity products. Products are distributed through multiple distribution channels, including insurance agents, brokers, banks, financial
planners and direct marketing. Manulife Bank of Canada offers a variety of deposit and credit products to Canadian customers.

Corporate and Other Segment

– comprised of investment performance on assets backing capital, net of amounts allocated to operating segments; costs incurred by the corporate office related to shareholder activities (not allocated to operating segments); financing costs;
Property and Casualty (“P&C”) Reinsurance Business; and
run-off
 reinsurance operations including variable annuities and accident and health.

175

Reporting segments

As at and for the year ended December 31, 2020   Asia   Canada   U.S.   Global WAM   Corporate and Other   Total
Revenue
Life and health insurance   $   17,983   $   8,833   $   3,011   $   –   $   140   $   29,967
Annuities and pensions   2,496   334   120   –   –   2,950
Net premium income   20,479   9,167   3,131   –   140   32,917
Net investment income (loss)   6,630   8,458   17,519   39   2,754   35,400
Other revenue   1,346   1,013   2,711   5,710   (189   )   10,591
Total revenue   28,455   18,638   23,361   5,749   2,705   78,908
Contract benefits and expenses
Life and health insurance   17,997   10,385   16,099   –   (131   )   44,350
Annuities and pensions   3,430   4,380   2,929   146   –   10,885
Net benefits and claims   21,427   14,765   19,028   146   (131   )   55,235
Interest expense   269   342   54   2   514   1,181
Other expenses   5,123   3,141   2,714   4,329   414   15,721
Total contract benefits and expenses   26,819   18,248   21,796   4,477   797   72,137
Income (loss) before income taxes   1,636   390   1,565   1,272   1,908   6,771
Income tax recovery (expense)   (233   )   (131   )   (296   )   (172   )   (363   )   (1,195   )
Net income (loss)   1,403   259   1,269   1,100   1,545   5,576
Less net income (loss) attributed to:
Non-controlling interests   250   –   –   –   –   250
Participating policyholders   (609   )   64   –   –   –   (545   )
Net income (loss) attributed to
shareholders   $   1,762   $   195   $   1,269   $   1,100   $   1,545   $   5,871
Total assets   $   145,801   $   167,236   $   288,814   $   236,593   $   41,905   $   880,349
The following table presents results by reporting segments.
As at and for the year ended December 31, 2019   Asia   Canada   U.S.   Global WAM   Corporate and Other   Total
Revenue
Life and health insurance   $   17,107   $   8,714   $   6,522   $   –   $   112   $   32,455
Annuities and pensions   2,900   361   (138   )   –   –   3,123
Net premium income   20,007   9,075   6,384   –   112   35,578
Net investment income (loss)   7,451   9,446   15,556   33   1,107   33,593
Other revenue   1,215   1,088   2,654   5,562   (120   )   10,399
Total revenue   28,673   19,609   24,594   5,595   1,099   79,570
Contract benefits and expenses
Life and health insurance   17,975   10,572   19,320   –   (36   )   47,831
Annuities and pensions   3,090   4,312   599   83   –   8,084
Net benefits and claims   21,065   14,884   19,919   83   (36   )   55,915
Interest expense   236   508   43   6   526   1,319
Other expenses   5,148   3,237   2,944   4,362   425   16,116
Total contract benefits and expenses   26,449   18,629   22,906   4,451   915   73,350
Income (loss) before income taxes   2,224   980   1,688   1,144   184   6,220
Income tax recovery (expense)   (277   )   25   (260   )   (122   )   (84   )   (718   )
Net income (loss)   1,947   1,005   1,428   1,022   100   5,502
Less net income (loss) attributed to:
Non-controlling interests   228   –   –   –   5   233
Participating policyholders   (216   )   (117   )   –   –   –   (333   )
Net income (loss) attributed to
shareholders   $   1,935   $   1,122   $   1,428   $   1,022   $   95   $   5,602
Total assets   $   127,367   $   159,042   $   274,993   $   216,348   $   31,380   $   809,130

Geographical location

The results of the Company’s reporting segments differ from its geographical location primarily due to the allocation of Global WAM and Corporate and Other segments
into the geographical location to which its businesses relate.

176
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table presents results by geographical location.

For the year ended December 31, 2020   Asia   Canada   U.S.   Other   Total
Revenue
Life and health insurance   $   18,072   $   8,474   $   3,012   $   409   $   29,967
Annuities and pensions   2,496   334   120   –   2,950
Net premium income   20,568   8,808   3,132   409   32,917
Net investment income (loss)   7,085   8,531   19,735   49   35,400
Other revenue   2,300   2,671   5,600   20   10,591
Total revenue   $   29,953   $   20,010   $   28,467   $   478   $   78,908
For the year ended December 31, 2019   Asia   Canada   U.S.   Other   Total
Revenue
Life and health insurance   $   17,178   $   8,388   $   6,523   $   366   $   32,455
Annuities and pensions   2,900   361   (138   )   –   3,123
Net premium income   20,078   8,749   6,385   366   35,578
Net investment income (loss)   7,750   9,801   15,816   226   33,593
Other revenue   2,100   2,651   5,641   7   10,399
Total revenue   $   29,928   $   21,201   $   27,842   $   599   $   79,570

Note 20    Related Parties

The Company enters into transactions with related parties in the normal course of business and at the terms that would exist in

arm’s-length
 transactions.

(a) Transactions with certain related parties

Transactions with MFLP, a wholly owned unconsolidated partnership, and MFCT, a wholly owned unconsolidated trust, are described in notes 10, 17 and 18. Refer to note 3(a)
for additional transactions with related parties.

(b) Compensation of key management personnel

The Company’s key management personnel are those personnel who have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the
Company. Directors (both executive and
non-executive)
 and senior management are considered key personnel. A summary of compensation of key management personnel is as follows.

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Short-term employee benefits   $   69   $   67
Post-employment benefits   5   5
Share-based payments   57   55
Termination benefits   –   8
Other long-term benefits   3   2
Total   $   134   $   137

Note 21    Subsidiaries

The following is a list of Manulife’s directly and indirectly held major operating subsidiaries.

As at December 31, 2020 (100% owned unless otherwise noted in brackets beside company name)   Equity Interest   Address   Description
The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company   $  63,379   Toronto, Canada   Leading Canadian-based financial services company that offers a diverse range of financial protection products and wealth management services
Manulife Holdings (Alberta) Limited   $  23,967   Calgary, Canada   Holding company
John Hancock Financial Corporation   Boston, U.S.A.   Holding company
The Manufacturers Investment Corporation   Boston, U.S.A.   Holding company
John Hancock Reassurance Company Ltd.   Boston, U.S.A.   Captive insurance subsidiary that provides life, annuity and long-term care reinsurance to affiliates

177

As at December 31, 2020 (100% owned unless otherwise noted in brackets beside company name)   Equity Interest   Address   Description
John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)   Boston, U.S.A.   U.S. life insurance company licensed in all states, except New York
John Hancock Subsidiaries LLC   Boston, U.S.A.   Holding company
John Hancock Financial Network, Inc.   Boston, U.S.A.   Financial services distribution organization
John Hancock Investment Management LLC   Boston, U.S.A.   Investment advisor
John Hancock Investment Management Distributors LLC   Boston, U.S.A.   Broker-dealer
Manulife Investment Management (US) LLC   Boston, U.S.A.   Investment advisor
Hancock Natural Resource Group, Inc.   Boston, U.S.A.   Manager of globally diversified timberland and agricultural portfolios
John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York   New York, U.S.A.   U.S. life insurance company licensed in New York
John Hancock Variable Trust Advisers LLC   Boston, U.S.A.   Investment advisor for open-end mutual funds
John Hancock Life & Health Insurance Company   Boston, U.S.A.   U.S. life insurance company licensed in all states
John Hancock Distributors LLC   Boston, U.S.A.   Broker-dealer
John Hancock Insurance Agency, Inc.   Boston, U.S.A.   Insurance agency
Manulife Reinsurance Limited   Hamilton, Bermuda   Provides life and financial reinsurance to affiliates
Manulife Reinsurance (Bermuda) Limited   Hamilton, Bermuda   Provides life and annuity reinsurance to affiliates
Manulife Bank of Canada   $  1,686   Waterloo, Canada   Provides integrated banking products and service options not available from an insurance company
Manulife Investment Management Holdings (Canada) Inc.   $  945   Toronto, Canada   Holding company
Manulife Investment Management Limited   Toronto, Canada   Provides investment counseling, portfolio and mutual fund management in Canada
First North American Insurance Company   $  8   Toronto, Canada   Property and casualty insurance company
NAL Resources Management Limited   Calgary, Canada   Management company for oil and gas properties
Manulife Resources Limited   $  20   Calgary, Canada   Holds oil and gas properties
Manulife Property Limited Partnership   Toronto, Canada   Holds oil and gas royalties
Manulife Property Limited Partnership II   $  479   Toronto, Canada   Holds oil and gas royalties and foreign bonds and equities
Manulife Western Holdings Limited Partnership   Calgary, Canada   Holds oil and gas properties
Manulife Securities Investment Services Inc.   $  76   Oakville, Canada   Mutual fund dealer for Canadian operations
Manulife Holdings (Bermuda) Limited   $  21,794   Hamilton, Bermuda   Holding company
Manufacturers P&C Limited   St. Michael, Barbados   Provides property and casualty reinsurance
Manulife Financial Asia Limited   Hong Kong, China   Holding company
Manulife (Cambodia) PLC   Phnom Penh, Cambodia   Life insurance company
Manulife Myanmar Life Insurance Company Limited   Yangon, Myanmar   Life insurance company
Manufacturers Life Reinsurance Limited   St. Michael, Barbados   Provides life and annuity reinsurance to affiliates
Manulife (Vietnam) Limited   Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam   Life insurance company
Manulife Investment Fund Management (Vietnam) Company
Limited   Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam   Fund management company
Manulife International Holdings Limited   Hong Kong, China   Holding company
Manulife (International) Limited   Hong Kong, China   Life insurance company
Manulife-Sinochem Life Insurance Co. Ltd. (51%)   Shanghai, China   Life insurance company
Manulife Investment Management International Holdings
Limited   Hong Kong, China   Holding company

178
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As at December 31, 2020 (100% owned unless otherwise noted in brackets beside company name)   Equity Interest   Address   Description
Manulife Investment Management (Hong Kong) Limited   Hong Kong, China   Investment management and advisory company marketing mutual funds
Manulife Investment Management (Taiwan) Co., Ltd.   Taipei, Taiwan (China)   Asset management company
Manulife Life Insurance Company (Japan)   Tokyo, Japan   Life insurance company
Manulife Investment Management (Japan) Limited   Tokyo, Japan   Investment management and advisory company and mutual fund business
Manulife Insurance (Thailand) Public Company Limited (85.6%) (1)   Bangkok, Thailand   Life insurance company
Manulife Asset Management (Thailand) Company Limited (93.5%) (1)   Bangkok, Thailand   Investment management company
Manulife Holdings Berhad (60.2%)   Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia   Holding company
Manulife Insurance Berhad (60.2%)   Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia   Life insurance company
Manulife Investment Management (Malaysia) Bhd (60.2%)   Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia   Asset management company
Manulife (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.   Singapore   Life insurance company
Manulife Investment Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.   Singapore   Asset management company
The Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. (Phils.), Inc.   Makati City, Philippines   Life insurance company
Manulife Chinabank Life Assurance Corporation (60%)   Makati City, Philippines   Life insurance company
PT Asuransi Jiwa Manulife Indonesia   Jakarta, Indonesia   Life insurance company
PT Manulife Aset Manajemen Indonesia   Jakarta, Indonesia   Investment management and investment advisor
Manulife Investment Management (Europe) Limited   $  37   London, England   Investment management company for Manulife Financial’s international funds
Manulife Assurance Company of Canada   $  71   Toronto, Canada   Life insurance company
EIS Services (Bermuda) Limited   $  1,064   Hamilton, Bermuda   Investment holding company
Berkshire Insurance Services Inc.   $  1,726   Toronto, Canada   Investment holding company
JH Investments (Delaware), LLC   Boston, U.S.A.   Investment holding company
Manulife Securities Incorporated   $  133   Oakville, Canada   Investment dealer
Manulife Investment Management (North America) Limited   $  5   Toronto, Canada   Investment advisor

(1)   MFC voting rights percentages are the same as the ownership percentages except for Manulife Insurance (Thailand) Public
Company Limited and Manulife Asset Management (Thailand) Company Limited where MFC’s voting rights are 97.0% and 98.7%, respectively.

Note 22    Segregated Funds

The Company manages segregated funds on behalf of policyholders. Policyholders are provided with the
opportunity to invest in different categories of segregated funds that respectively hold a range of underlying investments. The Company retains legal title to the underlying investments; however, returns from these investments belong to the
policyholders. Accordingly, the Company does not bear the risk associated with these assets outside of guarantees offered on certain variable life and annuity products. The “Risk Management” section of the Company’s 2020 MD&A
provides information regarding the variable annuity and segregated fund guarantees.

The composition of net assets by categories of segregated funds was within the
following ranges for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.

Ranges in per cent
Type of fund   2020   2019
Money market funds   2% to 3%   2% to 3%
Fixed income funds   14% to 16%   14% to 15%
Balanced funds   23% to 24%   24% to 25%
Equity funds   58% to 60%   58% to 60%

179

Money market funds consist of investments that have a term to maturity of less than one year. Fixed income funds
primarily consist of investments in fixed grade income securities and may contain smaller investments in diversified equities or high-yield bonds. Relative to fixed income funds, balanced funds consist of fixed income securities and a larger equity
investment component. The types of equity funds available to policyholders range from low volatility equity funds to aggressive equity funds. Equity funds invest in a varying mix of Canadian, U.S. and global equities.

The underlying investments of the segregated funds consist of both individual securities and mutual funds (collectively “net assets”), some of which may be
structured entities. The carrying value and change in segregated funds net assets are as follows. Fair value related information of segregated funds is disclosed in note 3(g).

Segregated funds net assets

As at December 31,   2020   2019
Investments at market value
Cash and short-term securities   $   4,054   $   3,364
Debt securities   17,913   16,883
Equities   14,227   12,989
Mutual funds   326,889   304,753
Other investments   4,599   4,785
Accrued investment income   1,670   1,678
Other assets and liabilities, net   (1,543   )   (975   )
Total segregated funds net assets   $   367,809   $   343,477
Composition of segregated funds net assets
Held by policyholders   $   367,436   $   343,108
Held by the Company   373   369
Total segregated funds net assets   $   367,809   $   343,477

Changes in segregated funds net assets

For the years ended December 31,   2020   2019
Net policyholder cash flow
Deposits from policyholders   $   38,898   $   38,561
Net transfers to general fund   (1,515   )   (1,000   )
Payments to policyholders   (44,818   )   (49,372   )
(7,435   )   (11,811   )
Investment related
Interest and dividends   16,775   18,872
Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses)   24,514   37,643
41,289   56,515
Other
Management and administration fees   (3,942   )   (3,926   )
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates   (5,580   )   (10,897   )
(9,522   )   (14,823   )
Net additions   24,332   29,881
Segregated funds net assets, beginning of year   343,477   313,596
Segregated funds net assets, end of
year   $   367,809   $   343,477

Segregated funds assets may be exposed to a variety of financial and other risks. These risks are primarily mitigated by investment
guidelines that are actively monitored by professional and experienced portfolio advisors. The Company is not exposed to these risks beyond the liabilities related to guarantees associated with certain variable life and annuity products.
Accordingly, the Company’s exposure to loss from segregated fund products is limited to the value of these guarantees.

These guarantees are recorded within the
Company’s insurance contract liabilities. Assets supporting these guarantees are recognized in invested assets according to their investment type.

Note 23    Information Provided in Connection with Investments in Deferred Annuity Contracts and
Signature
Notes Issued or Assumed by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)

The following condensed consolidated financial information, presented in accordance with IFRS, and the related disclosure have been included in these Consolidated
Financial Statements with respect to JHUSA in compliance with Regulation
S-X
 and Rule
12h-5
 of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“Commission”). These financial statements are incorporated by reference in the MFC and its subsidiaries registration statements that are described below and which relate to MFC’s guarantee of certain securities to be issued by its
subsidiaries.

180
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

JHUSA maintains a book of deferred annuity contracts that feature a market value adjustment, some of which are
registered with the Commission. The deferred annuity contracts may contain variable investment options along with fixed investment period options, or may offer only fixed investment period options. The fixed investment period options enable the
participant to invest fixed amounts of money for fixed terms at fixed interest rates, subject to a market value adjustment if the participant desires to terminate a fixed investment period before its maturity date. The annuity contract provides for
the market value adjustment to keep the parties whole with respect to the fixed interest bargain for the entire fixed investment period. These fixed investment period options that contain a market value adjustment feature are referred to as
“MVAs”.

JHUSA may also sell medium-term notes to retail investors under its
Signature
Notes program.

Effective December 31, 2009, John Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company (the “Variable Company”) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company (the “Life
Company”) merged with and into JHUSA. In connection with the mergers, JHUSA assumed the Variable Company’s rights and obligations with respect to the MVAs issued by the Variable Company and the Life Company’s rights and obligations
with respect to the
Signature
Notes issued by the Life Company.

MFC fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment of JHUSA’s obligations under the MVAs
and under the
Signature
Notes (including the MVAs and
Signature
Notes assumed by JHUSA in the merger), and such MVAs and the
Signature
Notes were registered with the Commission. The
Signature
Notes and MVAs assumed or issued
by JHUSA are collectively referred to in this note as the “Guaranteed Securities”. JHUSA is, and each of the Variable Company and the Life Company was, a wholly owned subsidiary of MFC.

MFC’s guarantees of the Guaranteed Securities are unsecured obligations of MFC and are subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all other
obligations of MFC, except for other guarantees or obligations of MFC which by their terms are designated as ranking equally in right of payment with or subordinate to MFC’s guarantees of the Guaranteed Securities.

The laws of the State of New York govern MFC’s guarantees of the
Signature
Notes issued or assumed by JHUSA and the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
govern MFC’s guarantees of the MVAs issued or assumed by JHUSA. MFC has consented to the jurisdiction of the courts of New York and Massachusetts. However, because a substantial portion of MFC’s assets are located outside the United
States, the assets of MFC located in the United States may not be sufficient to satisfy a judgment given by a federal or state court in the United States to enforce the subordinate guarantees. In general, the federal laws of Canada and the laws of
the Province of Ontario, where MFC’s principal executive offices are located, permit an action to be brought in Ontario to enforce such a judgment provided that such judgment is subsisting and unsatisfied for a fixed sum of money and not void
or voidable in the United States and a Canadian court will render a judgment against MFC in a certain dollar amount, expressed in Canadian dollars, subject to customary qualifications regarding fraud, violations of public policy, laws limiting the
enforcement of creditor’s rights and applicable statutes of limitations on judgments. There is currently no public policy in effect in the Province of Ontario that would support avoiding the recognition and enforcement in Ontario of a judgment
of a New York or Massachusetts court on MFC’s guarantees of the
Signature
Notes issued or assumed by JHUSA or a Massachusetts court on guarantees of the MVAs issued or assumed by JHUSA.

MFC is a holding company. MFC’s assets primarily consist of investments in its subsidiaries. MFC’s cash flows primarily consist of dividends and interest
payments from its operating subsidiaries, offset by expenses and shareholder dividends and MFC stock repurchases. As a holding company, MFC’s ability to meet its cash requirements, including, but not limited to, paying any amounts due under its
guarantees, substantially depends upon dividends from its operating subsidiaries.

These subsidiaries are subject to certain regulatory restrictions under laws in
Canada, the United States and certain other countries, which may limit their ability to pay dividends or make contributions or loans to MFC. For example, some of MFC’s subsidiaries are subject to restrictions prescribed by the ICA on their
ability to declare and pay dividends. The restrictions related to dividends imposed by the ICA are described in note 12.

In the United States, insurance laws in
Michigan, New York, and Massachusetts, the jurisdictions in which certain of MFC’s U.S. insurance company subsidiaries are domiciled, impose general limitations on the payment of dividends and other upstream distributions or loans by these
insurance subsidiaries. These limitations are described in note 12.

In Asia, the insurance laws of the jurisdictions in which MFC operates either provide for
specific restrictions on the payment of dividends or other distributions or loans by subsidiaries or impose solvency or other financial tests, which could affect the ability of subsidiaries to pay dividends in certain circumstances.

There can be no assurance that any current or future regulatory restrictions in Canada, the United States or Asia will not impair MFC’s ability to meet its cash
requirements, including, but not limited to, paying any amounts due under its guarantees.

The following condensed consolidated financial information, presented in
accordance with IFRS, reflects the effects of the mergers and is provided in compliance with Regulation
S-X
 and in accordance with Rule
12h-5
 of the Commission.

181

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

As at December 31, 2020   MFC (Guarantor)   JHUSA (Issuer)   Other subsidiaries   Consolidation adjustments   Consolidated MFC
Assets
Invested assets   $   47   $   112,735   $   298,524   $   (329   )   $   410,977
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries   64,209   8,078   17,194   (89,481   )   –
Reinsurance assets   –   65,731   11,172   (31,067   )   45,836
Other assets   210   25,489   52,648   (22,247   )   56,100
Segregated funds net assets   –   191,955   178,224   (2,743   )   367,436
Total assets   $   64,466   $   403,988   $   557,762   $   (145,867   )   $   880,349
Liabilities and equity
Insurance contract liabilities   $   –   $   167,453   $   249,909   $   (31,808   )   $   385,554
Investment contract liabilities   –   1,208   2,081   (1   )   3,288
Other liabilities   718   25,594   52,761   (22,001   )   57,072
Long-term debt   6,164   –   –   –   6,164
Capital instruments   5,249   584   1,996   –   7,829
Segregated funds net liabilities   –   191,955   178,224   (2,743   )   367,436
Shareholders’ equity   52,335   17,194   72,120   (89,314   )   52,335
Participating policyholders’ equity   –   –   (784   )   –   (784   )
Non-controlling interests   –   –   1,455   –   1,455
Total liabilities and equity   $   64,466   $   403,988   $   557,762   $   (145,867   )   $   880,349

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

As at December 31, 2019   MFC (Guarantor)   JHUSA (Issuer)   Other subsidiaries   Consolidation adjustments   Consolidated MFC
Assets
Invested assets   $   21   $   107,746   $   271,100   $   (340   )   $   378,527
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries   57,068   7,467   16,983   (81,518   )   –
Reinsurance assets   –   61,310   10,080   (29,944   )   41,446
Other assets   406   20,859   45,111   (20,327   )   46,049
Segregated funds net assets   –   181,982   162,845   (1,719   )   343,108
Total assets   $   57,495   $   379,364   $   506,119   $   (133,848   )   $   809,130
Liabilities and equity
Insurance contract liabilities   $   –   $   157,398   $   224,378   $   (30,615   )   $   351,161
Investment contract liabilities   –   1,091   2,014   (1   )   3,104
Other liabilities   537   21,311   48,226   (20,086   )   49,988
Long-term debt   4,543   –   –   –   4,543
Capital instruments   3,277   599   3,244   –   7,120
Segregated funds net liabilities   –   181,982   162,845   (1,719   )   343,108
Shareholders’ equity   49,138   16,983   64,444   (81,427   )   49,138
Participating policyholders’ equity   –   –   (243   )   –   (243   )
Non-controlling interests   –   –   1,211   –   1,211
Total liabilities and equity   $   57,495   $   379,364   $   506,119   $   (133,848   )   $   809,130

182
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income

For the year ended December 31, 2020   MFC (Guarantor)   JHUSA (Issuer)   Other subsidiaries   Consolidation adjustments   Consolidated MFC
Revenue
Gross premiums   $   –   $   8,057   $   34,459   $   (1,108   )   $   41,408
Premiums ceded to reinsurers   –   (6,585   )   (3,014   )   1,108   (8,491   )
Net premium income   –   1,472   31,445   –   32,917
Net investment income (loss)   542   14,204   21,727   (1,073   )   35,400
Net other revenue   5   2,869   12,884   (5,167   )   10,591
Total revenue   547   18,545   66,056   (6,240   )   78,908
Contract benefits and expenses
Net benefits and claims   –   14,804   44,293   (3,862   )   55,235
Commissions, investment and general expenses   17   3,146   13,573   (1,396   )   15,340
Other expenses   434   230   1,880   (982   )   1,562
Total contract benefits and expenses   451   18,180   59,746   (6,240   )   72,137
Income (loss) before income taxes   96   365   6,310   –   6,771
Income tax (expense) recovery   (26   )   54   (1,223   )   –   (1,195   )
Income (loss) after income taxes   70   419   5,087   –   5,576
Equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated subsidiaries   5,801   1,344   1,763   (8,908   )   –
Net income (loss)   $   5,871   $   1,763   $   6,850   $   (8,908   )   $   5,576
Net income (loss) attributed to:
Non-controlling interests   $   –   $   –   $   250   $   –   $   250
Participating policyholders   –   –   (545   )   –   (545   )
Shareholders   5,871   1,763   7,145   (8,908   )   5,871
$   5,871   $   1,763   $   6,850   $   (8,908   )   $   5,576

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income

For the year ended December 31, 2019   MFC (Guarantor)   JHUSA (Issuer)   Other subsidiaries   Consolidation adjustments   Consolidated MFC
Revenue
Gross premiums   $   –   $   8,599   $   33,620   $   (1,160   )   $   41,059
Premiums ceded to reinsurers   –   (3,575   )   (3,066   )   1,160   (5,481   )
Net premium income   –   5,024   30,554   –   35,578
Net investment income (loss)   355   12,128   22,108   (998   )   33,593
Net other revenue   16   2,866   11,447   (3,930   )   10,399
Total revenue   371   20,018   64,109   (4,928   )   79,570
Contract benefits and expenses
Net benefits and claims   –   17,133   41,220   (2,438   )   55,915
Commissions, investment and general expenses   20   3,299   13,938   (1,530   )   15,727
Other expenses   421   206   2,041   (960   )   1,708
Total contract benefits and expenses   441   20,638   57,199   (4,928   )   73,350
Income (loss) before income taxes   (70   )   (620   )   6,910   –   6,220
Income tax (expense) recovery   18   347   (1,083   )   –   (718   )
Income (loss) after income taxes   (52   )   (273   )   5,827   –   5,502
Equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated subsidiaries   5,654   772   499   (6,925   )   –
Net income (loss)   $   5,602   $   499   $   6,326   $   (6,925   )   $   5,502
Net income (loss) attributed to:
Non-controlling interests   $   –   $   –   $   233   $   –   $   233
Participating policyholders   –   2   (333   )   (2   )   (333   )
Shareholders   5,602   497   6,426   (6,923   )   5,602
$   5,602   $   499   $   6,326   $   (6,925   )   $   5,502

183

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended December 31, 2020   MFC (Guarantor)   JHUSA (Issuer)   Other subsidiaries   Consolidation adjustments   Consolidated MFC
Operating activities
Net income (loss)   $   5,871   $   1,763   $   6,850   $   (8,908   )   $   5,576
Adjustments:
Equity in net income of unconsolidated subsidiaries   (5,801   )   (1,344   )   (1,763   )   8,908   –
Increase (decrease) in insurance contract liabilities   –   11,937   25,045   –   36,982
Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities   –   48   130   –   178
(Increase) decrease in reinsurance assets excluding coinsurance transactions   –   (3,133   )   759   –   (2,374   )
Amortization of (premium) discount on invested assets   –   54   100   –   154
Other amortization   7   145   504   –   656
Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses and impairment on assets   1   (9,420   )   (13,102   )   –   (22,521   )
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)   25   (784   )   1,039   –   280
Stock option expense   –   3   11   –   14
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities before undernoted items   103   (731   )   19,573   –   18,945
Dividends from unconsolidated subsidiary   3,000   411   1,270   (4,681   )   –
Changes in policy related and operating receivables and
payables   91   8,459   (7,447   )   –   1,103
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities   3,194   8,139   13,396   (4,681   )   20,048
Investing activities
Purchases and mortgage advances   –   (34,392   )   (77,589   )   –   (111,981   )
Disposals and repayments   –   29,635   69,215   –   98,850
Changes in investment broker net receivables and payables   –   (431   )   (586   )   –   (1,017   )
Investment in common shares of subsidiaries   (4,483   )   –   –   4,483   –
Capital contribution to unconsolidated subsidiaries   –   (1   )   –   1   –
Return of capital from unconsolidated subsidiaries   –   22   –   (22   )   –
Notes receivable from parent   –   –   1,501   (1,501   )   –
Notes receivable from subsidiaries   1,494   –   –   (1,494   )   –
Cash provided by (used in) investing activities   (2,989   )   (5,167   )   (7,459   )   1,467   (14,148   )
Financing activities
Issue of long-term debt, net   2,455   –   –   –   2,455
Redemption of long-term debt   (652   )   –   –   –   (652   )
Issue of capital instruments, net   1,990   –   –   –   1,990
Redemption of capital instruments   –   –   (1,250   )   –   (1,250   )
Secured borrowings   –   709   667   –   1,376
Change in repurchase agreements and securities sold but not yet purchased   –   –   24   –   24
Changes in deposits from Bank clients, net   –   –   (579   )   –   (579   )
Lease payments   –   (9   )   (125   )   –   (134   )
Shareholders’ dividends paid in cash   (2,340   )   –   –   –   (2,340   )
Dividends paid to parent   –   (1,270   )   (3,411   )   4,681   –
Common shares repurchased   (253   )   –   –   –   (253   )
Common shares issued, net   36   –   4,483   (4,483   )   36
Contributions from (distributions to) non-controlling interests,
net   –   –   (10   )   –   (10   )
Capital contributions by parent   –   –   1   (1   )   –
Return of capital to parent   –   –   (22   )   22   –
Notes payable to parent   –   –   (1,494   )   1,494   –
Notes payable to subsidiaries   (1,501   )   –   –   1,501   –
Cash provided by (used in) financing activities   (265   )   (570   )   (1,716   )   3,214   663
Cash and short-term securities
Increase (decrease) during the year   (60   )   2,402   4,221   –   6,563
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and short-term securities   85   (59   )   (554   )   –   (528   )
Balance, beginning of year   22   2,564   16,962   –   19,548
Balance, end of year   47   4,907   20,629   –   25,583
Cash and short-term securities
Beginning of year
Gross cash and short-term securities   22   3,058   17,220   –   20,300
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities   –   (494   )   (258   )   –   (752   )
Net cash and short-term securities, beginning of year   22   2,564   16,962   –   19,548
End of year
Gross cash and short-term securities   47   5,213   20,907   –   26,167
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities   –   (306   )   (278   )   –   (584   )
Net cash and short-term securities, end of
year   $   47   $   4,907   $   20,629   $   –   $   25,583
Supplemental disclosures on cash flow information:
Interest received   $   522   $   4,334   $   7,992   $   (1,112   )   $   11,736
Interest paid   426   109   1,765   (1,112   )   1,188
Income taxes paid (refund)   (2   )   721   639   –   1,358

184
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended December 31, 2019   MFC (Guarantor)   JHUSA (Issuer)   Other subsidiaries   Consolidation adjustments   Consolidated MFC
Operating activities
Net income (loss)   $   5,602   $   499   $   6,326   $   (6,925   )   $   5,502
Adjustments:
Equity in net income of unconsolidated subsidiaries   (5,654   )   (772   )   (499   )   6,925   –
Increase (decrease) in insurance contract liabilities   –   11,381   22,346   –   33,727
Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities   –   51   119   –   170
(Increase) decrease in reinsurance assets excluding coinsurance transactions   –   (1,236   )   679   –   (557   )
Amortization of (premium) discount on invested assets   –   40   77   –   117
Other amortization   5   118   503   –   626
Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses and impairment on assets   (12   )   (7,105   )   (13,148   )   –   (20,265   )
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)   (18   )   (192   )   (244   )   –   (454   )
Stock option expense   –   (1   )   12   –   11
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities before undernoted items   (77   )   2,783   16,171   –   18,877
Dividends from unconsolidated subsidiary   3,000   623   1,123   (4,746   )   –
Changes in policy related and operating receivables and
payables   (39   )   (146   )   1,850   –   1,665
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities   2,884   3,260   19,144   (4,746   )   20,542
Investing activities
Purchases and mortgage advances   –   (24,898   )   (55,712   )   –   (80,610   )
Disposals and repayments   –   22,324   43,009   –   65,333
Changes in investment broker net receivables and payables   –   631   528   –   1,159
Investment in common shares of subsidiaries   (404   )   –   –   404   –
Net cash flows from acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and businesses   –   –   288   –   288
Capital contribution to unconsolidated subsidiaries   –   (1   )   –   1   –
Return of capital from unconsolidated subsidiaries   –   177   –   (177   )   –
Notes receivable from parent   –   –   (157   )   157   –
Notes receivable from subsidiaries   (1   )   13   –   (12   )   –
Cash provided by (used in) investing activities   (405   )   (1,754   )   (12,044   )   373   (13,830   )
Financing activities
Change in repurchase agreements and securities sold but not yet purchased   –   –   266   –   266
Redemption of capital instruments   –   –   (1,500   )   –   (1,500   )
Secured borrowings   –   –   107   –   107
Changes in deposits from Bank clients, net   –   –   1,819   –   1,819
Lease payments   –   (8   )   (109   )   –   (117   )
Shareholders’ dividends paid in cash   (1,398   )   –   –   –   (1,398   )
Contributions from (distributions to) non-controlling interests,
net   –   –   (22   )   –   (22   )
Common shares repurchased   (1,339   )   –   –   –   (1,339   )
Common shares issued, net   104   –   404   (404   )   104
Dividends paid to parent   –   (1,123   )   (3,623   )   4,746   –
Capital contributions by parent   –   –   1   (1   )   –
Return of capital to parent   –   –   (177   )   177   –
Notes payable to parent   –   –   (12   )   12   –
Notes payable to subsidiaries   157   –   –   (157   )   –
Cash provided by (used in) financing activities   (2,476   )   (1,131   )   (2,846   )   4,373   (2,080   )
Cash and short-term securities
Increase (decrease) during the year   3   375   4,254   –   4,632
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and short-term securities   (2   )   (128   )   (336   )   –   (466   )
Balance, beginning of year   21   2,317   13,044   –   15,382
Balance, end of year   22   2,564   16,962   –   19,548
Cash and short-term securities
Beginning of year
Gross cash and short-term securities   21   2,783   13,411   –   16,215
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities   –   (466   )   (367   )   –   (833   )
Net cash and short-term securities, beginning of year   21   2,317   13,044   –   15,382
End of year
Gross cash and short-term securities   22   3,058   17,220   –   20,300
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities   –   (494   )   (258   )   –   (752   )
Net cash and short-term securities, end of
year   $   22   $   2,564   $   16,962   $   –   $   19,548
Supplemental disclosures on cash flow information:
Interest received   $   422   $   4,252   $   7,823   $   (948   )   $   11,549
Interest paid   423   83   1,741   (948   )   1,299
Income taxes paid (refund)   –   (788   )   892   –   104

185

Note 24     Comparatives

Certain comparative amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.

186
   |
2020 Annual Report  |  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
