HKEX: 0020 (HKD Counter) 80020 (RMB Counter)
Contents
Corporate Information                                2

Key Highlights                                       4

Chairman’s Statement                                 5

Management Discussion and Analysis                  16

Report on Review of Interim Financial Information   28

Interim Condensed Consolidated Income Statement     29

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of         30
Comprehensive Income
Interim Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet        31

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of         33
Changes in Equity
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of         35
Cash Flows
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated         37
Financial Information
Other Information                                   97

Definitions                                         117
  Corporate Information


  BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
  Executive Directors                                 Prof. XUE Lan (薛瀾) (Chairperson )
                                                      Mr. LYN Frank Yee Chon (林怡仲)
  Dr. XU Li (徐立) (Executive Chairman of the Board )
                                                      Mr. CHIU Duncan (邱達根)
  Dr. WANG Xiaogang (王曉剛)
  Dr. LIN Dahua (林達華)
                                                      JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
  Mr. YANG Fan (楊帆)
  Mr. WANG Zheng (王征)                                 Ms. LIN Jiemin (林潔敏)
                                                      Ms. WONG Wai Yee Ella (黃慧兒) (FCG, HKFCG)
  Non-executive Director
                                                      AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
  Ms. FAN Yuanyuan (范瑗瑗)
                                                      Mr. WANG Zheng (王征)
  Independent non-executive Directors                 Ms. LIN Jiemin (林潔敏)

  Prof. XUE Lan (薛瀾)
                                                      AUDITOR
  Mr. LYN Frank Yee Chon (林怡仲)
  Mr. CHIU Duncan (邱達根)                               PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                      Certified Public Accountants
  AUDIT COMMITTEE                                     Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                      22/F, Prince’s Building
  Mr. LYN Frank Yee Chon (林怡仲) (Chairperson )
                                                      Central
  Ms. FAN Yuanyuan (范瑗瑗)
                                                      Hong Kong
  Mr. CHIU Duncan (邱達根)

                                                      REGISTERED OFFICE
  REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                      Vistra (Cayman) Limited
  Mr. LYN Frank Yee Chon (林怡仲) (Chairperson )
                                                      P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
  Prof. XUE Lan (薛瀾)
                                                      Hibiscus Way, 802 West Bay Road, Grand Cayman
  Dr. XU Li (徐立)
                                                      KY1-1205
                                                      Cayman Islands
  NOMINATION COMMITTEE
  Prof. XUE Lan (薛瀾) (Chairperson )                   HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
  Dr. XU Li (徐立)                                      BUSINESS IN THE PRC
  Ms. FAN Yuanyuan (范瑗瑗)
                                                      No. 1900 Hongmei Road
  Mr. LYN Frank Yee Chon (林怡仲)
                                                      Xuhui District
  Mr. CHIU Duncan (邱達根)
                                                      Shanghai 200233
                                                      PRC




2 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                    Corporate Information




HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF                  PRINCIPAL BANKS
BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
                                                    Bank of China Limited
2/F, Harbour View 1                                 No. 1 Fuxingmen Nei Dajie
12 Science Park East Avenue                         Xicheng District
Hong Kong Science & Technology Park                 Beijing
Shatin                                              PRC
Hong Kong
                                                    Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR                             Shanghai Municipal Branch
                                                    No. 9 Pudong Avenue
Clifford Chance
                                                    Pudong New District
27/F, Jardine House
                                                    Shanghai
One Connaught Place
                                                    PRC
Central
Hong Kong
                                                    China Construction Bank
                                                    No. 25, Finance Street
COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
                                                    Xicheng District
Haitong International Capital Limited               Beijing
Suites 3001-3006 and 3015-3016                      PRC
One International Finance Centre
1 Harbour View Street                               China Merchants Bank
Central                                             Merchants Bank Tower
Hong Kong                                           No. 7088 Shennan Boulevard
                                                    Futian District
HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR                           Shenzhen
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited   PRC
Shops 1712-1716
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre                         STOCK CODES
183 Queen’s Road East                               0020 (HKD Counter)
Wan Chai                                            80020 (RMB Counter)
Hong Kong
                                                    COMPANY’S WEBSITE
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                    www.sensetime.com
TRANSFER OFFICE
Vistra (Cayman) Limited
P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion
Hibiscus Way, 802 West Bay Road, Grand Cayman
KY1-1205
Cayman Islands




                                                                SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026   3
  Key Highlights


  FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                             2026                               2025
                                                           As a                               As a       Period-
                                                     percentage                         percentage    over-period
                                      Amount         of revenue         Amount          of revenue       change
                                   (Unaudited)                       (Unaudited)
                                           (RMB in thousands, except for percentages)

    Revenue                         2,910,946             100.0       2,358,198             100.0         23.4%
    Gross Profit                    1,206,236              41.4         907,800              38.5         32.9%
    Profit/(Loss) for the period      617,308              21.2      (1,489,270)             (63.2)     -141.5%
    EBITDA                          1,388,061              47.7        (847,692)             (35.9)     -263.7%

    Non-IFRS Measures:
    Adjusted EBITDA                   384,855              13.2        (540,339)             (22.9)     -171.2%
    Adjusted net loss                (385,898)            (13.3)     (1,181,917)             (50.1)      -67.3%




4 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                           Chairman’s Statement


OVERALL PERFORMANCE                                            Our view is that the shift brought by agents is not merely
                                                               an upgrade in capability – it is a systemic migration in AI’s
During the first half of 2026, the shift from “model
                                                               audience, customer structure, and ultimately, how value is
intelligence” to “agentic intelligence” significantly
                                                               measured.
accelerated. At the same time, as long-horizon task
reasoning, multimodal understanding, real-time interaction,
                                                               •      As the barrier to entry continues to fall, AI is
and Agent Harness technologies continue to advance,
                                                                      expanding from an efficiency tool for a small
AI is evolving from a tool that answers questions and
                                                                      number of professionals into a service for everyday
generates content into intelligent systems that can
                                                                      individuals and “One-Person Companies” (OPCs);
understand goals, call tools, collaborate between humans
and machines seamlessly, and continuously execute
                                                               •      In the enterprise market, service demand is shifting
complex, long-running tasks. Industry competition has,
                                                                      from back-office digital and IT functions, to front-
as such, spilled over to encompass the deep integration
                                                                      line business units, while the customer base is
of models, compute, data, tools, workflows, and safety
                                                                      broadening from leading enterprises to a growing
governance into an end-to-end system capability – and
                                                                      number of small and medium-sized businesses;
the ability to deliver verifiable business outcomes in real-
world scenarios.
                                                               •      At the same time, as AI evolves from “a model
                                                                      being called” to “an executor that delivers results,”
Against this backdrop, we have drawn on our long-
                                                                      its value measurement will gradually shift from
standing expertise in foundation models, AI infrastructure,
                                                                      Token consumption to Task delivery – Token
joint model-infrastructure optimization, and industry
                                                                      efficiency determines the cost of intelligence, while
applications to further build a system-level AI capability
                                                                      Task delivery determines customer value.
stack defined by “one model system, one Token
Factory, and one Agent Harness”: a native multimodal
                                                               Building on this judgment, our strategic focus is evolving
model system that continuously pushes the boundaries
                                                               from providing models and compute to delivering
of intelligence and extends agents’ ability to handle
                                                               trustworthy multimodal agent capabilities at scale. During
multimodal, long-horizon tasks; a Token Factory that
                                                               the reporting period, this strategic upgrade has already
drives the scaling and efficiency of model inference,
                                                               begun to materialize as healthy growth in revenue and
scheduling, optimization, and delivery; and a unified Agent
                                                               gross profit, an increase in Recurring Revenue (RR), a
Harness that supports diverse product form factors,
                                                               continued significant narrowing of core operating losses,
translating model and compute capabilities into complete,
                                                               and continuous expansion in user scale.
reliable task delivery.




                                                                           SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026          5
  Chairman’s Statement




  FINANCIAL AND OPERATING                                      •   We achieved gross profit of RMB1,206.2 million
  PERFORMANCE                                                      in the first half of 2026, up 32.9% YoY, with
                                                                   gross margin expanding to 41.4%, an increase
  During the reporting period, we generated revenue of
                                                                   of 2.9 percentage points YoY. This performance
  RMB2,910.9 million, up 23.4% year over year. Generative
                                                                   reflects our ongoing efforts to optimize our
  AI revenue reached RMB2,327.2 million, increasing 28.2%
                                                                   business mix and project quality, as well as
  YoY and rising to 79.9% of our total revenue – reflecting
                                                                   continuous improvements in delivery quality
  that the “one model system, one Token Factory, one
                                                                   and efficiency through joint model-infrastructure
  Agent Harness” framework is accelerating its conversion
                                                                   optimization, higher Token production efficiency,
  into scaled model services, Token services, and agent
                                                                   product standardization, and reuse of underlying
  applications. Computer Vision revenue came in at
                                                                   capabilities. As this unified system-level capability
  RMB496.8 million, up 13.9% YoY, returning to healthy
                                                                   stack serves more customers, users, and tasks,
  growth following optimization of its operating strategy
                                                                   earlier investments made in technology and
  and continuing to serve as a key entry point into industry
                                                                   infrastructure are beginning to yield economies of
  verticals and overseas markets. Overseas revenue surged
                                                                   scale.
  127.0% YoY – well above our overall growth rate – as we
  extended our system-level AI capabilities to new regions
                                                               •   During the reporting period, we continued to
  and customers, supported by mature Computer Vision
                                                                   improve operating efficiency alongside healthy
  capabilities, unified multimodal models, and a localized
                                                                   growth in revenue and gross profit, with core
  delivery system.
                                                                   operating losses narrowing further and significantly.
                                                                   Non-IFRS adjusted net loss was RMB385.9 million,
  •      We are introducing Recurring Revenue (RR). RR
                                                                   narrowing at an accelerating pace of 67.3% YoY.
         for the first half of 2026 was RMB1,144.7 million,
                                                                   Benefiting from the continued improvement in our
         up 124.4% from RMB510.1 million in the first
                                                                   core business performance, as well as a significant
         half of 2025, representing 39.3% of our revenue
                                                                   increase in the fair value of self-incubated
         – a substantial increase from 21.6% in the same
                                                                   companies under the “1+X” strategy and externally
         period last year. RR refers to revenue generated
                                                                   invested AI ecosystem companies, we recorded
         from existing contracts during the reporting period
                                                                   net profit of RMB617.3 million under IFRS in the
         that demonstrates recurring characteristics over
                                                                   first half of 2026. This marks our first IFRS profit
         the contract term. The rapid growth in RR reflects
                                                                   since being publicly listed.
         how customer relationships are evolving from
         one-off project delivery towards ongoing services
         and deeper workflows, and signals that the
         sustainability and predictability of the Company’s
         revenue are further enhanced.




6 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                     Chairman’s Statement




These results mark a key milestone – evidence that the          Native Unified Understanding and Generation:
commercial flywheel, powered by our system-level, end-          Laying the Foundation of Model Architecture
to-end AI capabilities, is now beginning to turn and drive
                                                                Earlier this year, we introduced the NEO-Unify native
financial outcomes: customers and tasks continuously
                                                                multimodal unified architecture, departing from the
generate data and feedback that drive iteration in models,
                                                                mainstream separate encoder-decoder architecture by
workflows, and product experience; improvements in
                                                                processing text and images within a unified representation
model capability and Token production efficiency further
                                                                space, and driving multimodal AI to evolve from functional
lower task delivery costs, expand the boundaries of
                                                                stitching towards native fusion. SenseNova U1, released
product application, and enable us to serve a broader
                                                                in April, unified understanding, reasoning, and generation
base of enterprises, individuals, and OPCs. As value
                                                                within a single model, validating the feasibility of this
measurement gradually shifts from Token consumption
                                                                roadmap; the subsequently released U1.5 further
towards Task delivery, we are driving a mutually reinforcing
                                                                seamlessly integrated visual understanding, reasoning,
growth flywheel across technology capabilities, customer
                                                                generation, and editing, validating the architecture’s
value, recurring revenue, and operating efficiency.
                                                                scalability.

SYSTEM-LEVEL AI CAPABILITIES AND
                                                                In visual perception and reasoning, within a single model,
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                                                                SenseNova Vision unifies tasks such as structured visual
The competitive focus in AI is shifting from single-            understanding, dense geometric prediction, image
point metrics like model parameters and Token costs,            segmentation, and multi-view 3D geometry, outperforming
towards the ability to complete complex tasks and               Google DeepMind’s Vision Banana on the vast majority
create measurable value. We are breaking through                of metrics and matching, or even surpassing, specialized
model capability boundaries with our native multimodal          models across multiple core tasks. SenseNova U1.5-
unified architecture, building system-level AI capabilities     Lite scored 68.3 on the VBVR-Pro visual reasoning
through multimodal and long-horizon agents, and driving         benchmark, surpassing Gemini 3 Pro’s 56.4 and GPT
our products and services to evolve from per-Token call         Image 2’s 50.7, demonstrating the potential of the unified
pricing towards high-value task delivery.                       architecture to extend towards general visual and spatial
                                                                intelligence.
ONE MODEL SYSTEM: CONTINUOUSLY
PUSHING THE BOUNDARIES OF                                       In controllable generation, the unified understanding and
INTELLIGENCE WITH NATIVE MULTIMODAL                             generation reduces information loss from cross-model
AND LONG-HORIZON AGENTS                                         transitions, enabling the U1 series to directly understand
                                                                complex creative intent. U1.5-Lite achieves native 4K
Our technology roadmap is clear and coherent: unifying
                                                                generation at a lightweight scale of just 8B-MoT, with
understanding and generation, seamlessly connecting
                                                                overall performance matching Nano Banana 2; the
perception, reasoning, and execution, and ultimately
                                                                model can precisely follow long-form, multi-constraint
driving the convergence of digital and physical intelligence.
                                                                instructions to organize text, layout, and visual style,
Our goal is not merely to build models that answer
                                                                generate high-density complex infographics, and precisely
questions, but intelligent systems that can continuously
                                                                modify specified content while keeping other parts and
act autonomously and complete tasks. Along this path, we
                                                                overall structure stable – driving image creation to evolve
have continuously iterated on the SenseNova multimodal
                                                                from one-off generation towards controllable, deliverable
foundation model series, achieving a series of important
                                                                professional workflows.
breakthroughs.




                                                                               SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026     7
  Chairman’s Statement




  Building on our native multimodal technology innovations,      In content creation scenarios, SenseNova U1-Pro
  we have actively promoted the development of an open-          integrates intent understanding, creative reasoning,
  source ecosystem, further expanding our technology             image generation, editing, and verification into a complete
  influence. As of the date of this interim report, less than    workflow through scaling and Agentic Generation. In
  four months after the U1 series went open-source, the          third-party and customer evaluations, U1-Pro’s overall
  three projects – SenseNova U1, SenseNova Vision, and           generation quality matches GPT Image 2 and leads
  SenseNova Skills – have collectively received over 11,000      domestic multimodal models, with standout performance
  stars on GitHub.                                               in dimensions such as creative reasoning and reliable text
                                                                 generation – driving AI to evolve from generating single
  Multimodal Long-Horizon Agents: Building                       images towards delivering professional content outcomes.
  System-Level High-Value Delivery Capabilities
                                                                 Across both scenarios, a closed loop of “architecture
  Real-world work consists of diverse information, tools,
                                                                 innovation – system capability – high-value delivery –
  and steps. We are driving the deep integration of native
                                                                 application feedback” has begun to take shape. In the
  multimodal and long-horizon agents, building system-level
                                                                 near future, we expect to release a larger-scale multimodal
  AI capabilities that cover perception, planning, execution,
                                                                 agent, SenseNova 6.8-Flash, further expanding capabilities
  verification, and delivery – upgrading AI from a “tool” that
                                                                 in complex tasks and multi-agent collaboration. How
  provides answers to a “deliverer” of end-to-end tasks.
                                                                 AI value is measured will likewise shift from how many
  This capability has already been validated first in office
                                                                 Tokens are consumed to whether tasks can be completed
  productivity and content creation scenarios.
                                                                 at lower cost, with higher quality, and with greater
                                                                 reliability.
  In office scenarios, SenseNova 6.8-Flash-Lite, a
  multimodal agent released in August, brings documents,
                                                                 Towards Physical AGI: Driving the Convergence
  charts, web pages, videos, and application interfaces into
                                                                 of Digital and Physical Intelligence
  a single task trajectory, capable of spanning hundreds of
  steps over several hours and dynamically orchestrating         System-level AI in the digital world is not the end goal.
  over a dozen specialized sub-agents to autonomously            In the long term, AGI also needs to understand three-
  complete workflows from information-collection and             dimensional space and the laws of physics, perceive its
  data-analysis to report and presentation-generation. In        environment, predict changes, and interact continuously
  long-chain tasks such as information search, its Token         – we define this goal as Physical AGI. Pursuing this long-
  consumption is on average approximately 60% lower              term vision, we are extending accumulated expertise
  than that of text-only agents; it achieved across-the-         in native multimodal, long-horizon agents, and visual
  board improvements across six benchmarks covering              intelligence further into spatial understanding and physical
  agent execution, planning and reasoning, and multimodal        interaction. Our SenseNova SI-8B model has achieved
  content generation, and led DeepSeek-V4-Flash, Gemini          leading levels among open-source models of the same
  3.5 Flash, and GPT-5.6 Luna in office benchmarks such          scale across eight spatial intelligence benchmarks,
  as ClawEval, ArtifactBench, and TeamBench – achieving          laying the foundation for models to understand spatial
  simultaneous optimization of quality and delivery cost.        relationships and the three-dimensional world.




8 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement




Building on this foundation, we are co-developing the           SenseCore is evolving into a production-grade Token
Kairos world model with ecosystem partner Ace Robotics.         Factory. Through joint model-infrastructure optimization,
The newly released Kairos 3.1 integrates understanding,         as well as capabilities in model adaptation, inference
generation, and prediction of the physical world within a       optimization, heterogeneous scheduling, energy
unified architecture. Its 8B model achieves 125-millisecond     management, and global delivery, it not only expands
inference latency at BF16 precision on an industry-             Token output and lowers unit cost, but also continuously
leading platform, enabling real-time on-device operation        enhances the reasoning, understanding, generation,
on robots, and adapts to different robot forms through a        and execution capabilities that Tokens carry. As agents
“one brain, multiple forms” approach. Through real-world        become capable of completing more complex long-
tasks, physical actions, and environmental feedback,            horizon tasks, the Token Factory’s long-term goal
we are exploring the formation of an R&D closed loop of         will likewise evolve from “producing Tokens” towards
“understand the world – simulate the future –                   “completing tasks”: the measurement of infrastructure
drive actions – obtain feedback – iterate models,” driving      efficiency will gradually extend from per-Token cost to
the unified multimodal model to gradually extend from           the completion quality, success rate, and cost per task,
digital intelligence towards physical intelligence.             while the measurement of commercial value will likewise
                                                                gradually evolve from billing by Token usage towards
ONE TOKEN FACTORY: UPGRADING FROM                               pricing by tasks and delivered outcomes.
COMPUTE PROVISIONING TO SCALED
INTELLIGENCE PRODUCTION                                         POWERING SENSENOVA FOUNDATION
                                                                MODELS: ADVANCING TECHNICAL
With foundation model training continuing to evolve,
                                                                FRONTIERS AND LARGE-SCALE
inference demand growing rapidly, and agents gradually
                                                                COMMERCIAL ADOPTION
entering real-world workflows, how the value of AI
infrastructure is measured is shifting from pure compute        We continue to upgrade SenseCore, focusing on the
scale to the ability to continuously, stably, and efficiently   training, post-training, inference, and deployment of
produce high-quality Tokens. At the same time, Tokens           frontier language and multimodal models, with key
are not merely homogeneous compute outputs – their              breakthroughs in ultra-long-context parallel training, large-
value depends on the intelligence level of the underlying       scale reinforcement learning acceleration, heterogeneous
model, as well as the accuracy, reliability, response           mixed inference, and domestic hardware/software
efficiency, and unit cost.                                      adaptation:


                                                                •      Long-context Agent model training. SenseCore
                                                                       leverages the interconnect and memory
                                                                       characteristics of advanced compute to implement
                                                                       sequence parallelism, topology-aware multi-
                                                                       dimensional parallel strategies, and compute-
                                                                       communication co-optimization, tripling training
                                                                       speed compared to pre-optimization levels.




                                                                              SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        9
    Chairman’s Statement




    •      RL post-training acceleration. In the                 ADVANCING THE DOMESTIC COMPUTE
           reinforcement learning post-training phase,           ECOSYSTEM AND LARGE-SCALE
           SenseCore decouples training from Rollout tasks       COMMERCIAL ADOPTION
           and leverages heterogeneous inference resources
                                                                 We are firmly committed to advancing the domestic
           across both domestic and advanced compute to
                                                                 compute ecosystem, continuously refining a full-stack
           accelerate sample generation, further improving
                                                                 adaptation system covering models, frameworks,
           post-training efficiency.
                                                                 operators, toolchains, and hardware, and conducting
                                                                 joint optimization with domestic chip and industry chain
    •      Image and video generation efficiency. For
                                                                 partners, to convert different types of compute into
           image and video generation, our proprietary
                                                                 effective Token supply for real-world businesses. Through
           LightX2V inference framework combines step-
                                                                 low-level operator optimization, multi-device parallel
           distillation technology with multi-level compute
                                                                 tuning, PD (Prefill/Decode) separation, and heterogeneous
           optimization, boosting generation efficiency by
                                                                 hybrid inference, we can achieve an MFU (Model Floating-
           6x and laying the foundation for large-scale
                                                                 point Utilization) on mainstream domestic chips of up to
           commercial content generation and creation.
                                                                 2.5 times the manufacturer’s baseline level, and have
                                                                 successfully validated the commercial value of domestic
    •      Model iteration and deployment acceleration.
                                                                 compute in scenarios including AI4S (AI for Science) and
           Backed by a unified model R&D and deployment
                                                                 video generation, driving domestic compute to evolve
           platform, SenseCore has compressed the journey
                                                                 from technical validation towards large-scale commercial
           for our models from R&D validation to large-scale
                                                                 services.
           deployment down to just one week.

                                                                 We are partnering with Hong Kong Science Park to build
    While strengthening our internal system capabilities,
                                                                 the largest domestic AI compute center in Hong Kong,
    we also actively promote collaboration between our in-
                                                                 targeting a compute scale of 40,000 PFLOPS by 2030
    house models and the upstream ecosystem. The open-
                                                                 and establishing a self-reliant and controllable compute
    source SenseNova U1 model has achieved Day 0 (launch
                                                                 anchor point for the Greater Bay Area, Southern China.
    day) adaptation with 10+ domestic chip manufacturers
                                                                 In addition, we have deployed the first overseas domestic
    — ready the moment it goes open source, accelerating
                                                                 compute cluster in Saudi Arabia, replicating China’s
    technology iteration and large-scale commercial use of our
                                                                 leading AI infrastructure construction and operation
    in-house models.
                                                                 experience overseas, and continuously expanding the
                                                                 global footprint of Token services.




10 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                        Chairman’s Statement




CONTINUOUSLY REDUCING UNIT                                        ONE AGENT HARNESS: DELIVERING
INTELLIGENCE COST THROUGH                                         COMPLETE TASKS TO ENTERPRISES AND
COMPUTE-ENERGY SYNERGY                                            INDIVIDUALS
We continue to integrate compute management, data                 For enterprise and individual users, we offer agent
center operations, and energy management systems,                 products in various forms, including office productivity,
establishing a coordinated mechanism that spans from              content generation, and intelligent interaction; while these
power load forecasting to compute scheduling and                  products serve different users and scenarios, they are all
operations decision-making. During the reporting period,          underpinned by the same Agent Harness. This system
the Compute-Energy Synergy Agent achieved 96%                     connects the unified multimodal model with the Token
load forecasting accuracy, and based on forecasting               Factory, converting model capabilities and compute into
results, coordinated energy storage scheduling, data              complete tasks that are executable, manageable, and
center operations and maintenance, and compute task               deliverable. Specifically, the Agent Harness is responsible
allocation to continuously optimize data center Power             for understanding user goals, decomposing tasks, calling
Usage Effectiveness (PUE) and electricity consumption             knowledge and tools, orchestrating workflows, and
structure. These measures drove an approximately 8%               centrally managing identity and permissions, long-term
reduction in average unit electricity cost, with cumulative       memory, execution evaluation, audit tracing, and safety
electricity cost savings exceeding RMB12 million in the           governance. Through diversified front-end products and
first half of 2026. Annual carbon reduction reaches 24,000        unified back-end capabilities, we can rapidly reuse the
tons per 10,000 PFLOPS of compute, and the overall                same task delivery capability across different industries
expected annual carbon reduction is on track for a step-          and user scenarios, shortening product development and
change increase – several-fold higher than the 4,000 tons         project deployment cycles, and continuously improving
achieved in full-year 2025. While reducing energy costs           the quality, reliability, and delivery efficiency of task
and carbon emissions, compute-energy synergy also                 completion.
provides a replicable operational foundation for large-scale
Token Factories to continuously reduce unit intelligence          ENTERPRISE AGENT SERVICES: DEEP
production costs.                                                 INTO OFFICE AND CONTENT PRODUCTION
                                                                  WORKFLOWS, DELIVERING BUSINESS
RAPID GROWTH IN TOKEN SERVICES                                    OUTCOMES
As of the date of this interim report, the total compute          In the enterprise market, we integrate our unified AI agent
scale under our operation reached 48,000 PFLOPS. In               capabilities into customer workflows through various
July 2026, SenseCore’s daily average Token service                delivery forms, including public cloud services, APIs,
volume exceeded 2.4 trillion, an approximately 22-                enterprise on-premise deployment, and FDE (Forward
fold increase year over year. In addition to serving the          Deployed Engineer) services. In the first half of 2026, we
SenseNova foundation model, our Token Factory has                 served over 1,000 enterprise customers, with over 100
provided services to four external foundation model               new customers added during the period. Our customers
providers, and – leveraging domestic heterogeneous                span over 20 key industries, including education,
inference and joint model-infrastructure optimization             government, marketing, logistics, banking, and insurance.
capabilities – has built differentiated service capabilities in
high-complexity computing domains such as AI4S, video
generation, embodied intelligence, and world models, as
well as in city-level intelligent scenarios.




                                                                              SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026         11
    Chairman’s Statement




    Among these, Raccoon is our agent product built for office     As the barrier to AI adoption continues to fall and
    scenarios, and has served leading enterprises across           capabilities evolve from single-point Q&A to end-to-end
    industries including Lenovo, Ping An Technology, the three     task delivery, the user base of enterprise AI agents is also
    major telecom operators, JD.com, and Kylin Software.           expanding beyond traditional enterprise customers to
    For example, through our partnership with Kylin Software,      broader groups such as OPCs. In the first half of 2026,
    Raccoon has been integrated into the domestic operating        the Raccoon OPC Capability Challenge Season attracted
    system, connecting the operating system entry point, AI        over 650,000 participants, Raccoon’s peak daily active
    application distribution, and enterprise customer delivery     users surpassed 700,000, and over 8,000 real-scenario
    chain; and through on-premise deployment in JD.com’s           creations were accumulated. Building on this, we are
    supply chain business, Raccoon has built an end-to-            advancing the “Hundred Industries, Thousand Enterprises
    end intelligent service system around actual workflows,        Co-construction Plan” (“百業千企共建計劃”), covering
    validating its delivery capability in complex environments,    over 40 cities, and participating in the development of a
    high-security requirements, and mission-critical business      nine-level OPC capability standard and a talent incubation
    systems.                                                       center. The first batch of the Seko Industrial Base (“Seko
                                                                   產業基地”) has also attracted over 20 OPC startup teams
    In content production and creation, Seko has advanced          to join, supporting micro teams to enter professional
    from single-purpose generation to end-to-end delivery          content production and commercialization chains by
    covering intent understanding, script creation, and            providing models, compute, creation tools, and industry
    storyboard production. Currently, Seko’s daily video           resources. As a result, we are extending our unified agent
    output reaches 10,000 minutes, with active users               capabilities from serving large organizations to a broader
    averaging over one hour of creation time per day, and          range of enterprises, teams, and individuals, continuously
    it ranked first in per-capita visit duration on the web in     expanding the boundaries of AI productivity services.
    the QbitAI AI Application Monthly Report for June 2026.
    Content created by Seko has accumulated an estimated           PERSONAL ASSISTANTS: BRINGING
    1.5 billion views across social media short-video platforms,   ENTERPRISE-GRADE AI CAPABILITIES
    with 10 short dramas each surpassing 100 million views.        TO HELP USERS ACHIEVE A BETTER
    These figures demonstrate that Seko is evolving from           PERSONAL LIFE
    a single-point video generation tool into a professional
                                                                   In the consumer market, we have built the Kapi series –
    platform supporting continuous creation and large-
                                                                   our Personal CXO product matrix of agent-powered
    scale content production, and the content it creates also
                                                                   personal assistants. Surpassing 45 million cumulative
    demonstrates broad market reach potential.
                                                                   users, Kapi has evolved from single-point tools into
                                                                   proactive life agents spanning health, finance, and
                                                                   personal creation, helping users navigate everyday life with
                                                                   greater ease and confidence.




12 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement




Kapi Cam, leveraging the powerful multimodal capabilities      According to IDC’s “China AI Software Market” report,
of the SenseNova foundation model, has launched an AI          we have ranked first in China’s Computer Vision market
photography agent that proactively understands scenes          for ten consecutive years. In July 2026, we were awarded
and creative intent, helping users effortlessly capture        the National Science and Technology Progress Award
better production. Kapi Money has undergone a complete         (Second-Class). The National Science and Technology
revamp, launching a full-scenario financial agent that         Award, established by the State Council, is one of the
further addresses complex financial needs such as income       highest-level and most authoritative national awards in
and expense insights, budget planning, and multi-account       China’s science and technology innovation field, further
management. Our new addition, Kapi Health, has quickly         reflecting our long-established technical strength and
gained user recognition since its launch, with its retention   industry contribution in the visual intelligence domain.
rate reaching the leading level of comparable products.
                                                               ECOSYSTEM STRATEGY: CONNECTING
We believe the value of personal agents should not stop        DIGITAL AND PHYSICAL INTELLIGENCE
at improving efficiency – it should also help users achieve
                                                               Guided by our long-term technology roadmap and industry
personal goals and enjoy a better life experience. In the
                                                               collaboration priorities, we have consistently invested
long term, we hope the Kapi series of personal assistant
                                                               ahead of the curve in world models and embodied
agents can become personal life assistants that truly
                                                               intelligence, intelligent terminals, smart healthcare,
understand users and provide continuous companionship.
                                                               chips, and related domains. Our ecosystem companies
                                                               include those incubated and nurtured in-house, as well
FURTHER STRENGTHENING OUR
                                                               as upstream and downstream ecosystem partners
LEADERSHIP IN THE COMPUTER VISION
                                                               with whom we collaborate through strategic equity
MARKET
                                                               investments. These ecosystem companies provide us with
Computer Vision is a cornerstone of our business –             real-world scenarios, industry feedback, productization
deeply embedded across industry verticals and overseas         capabilities, and commercialization channels, while we
markets, and serving as a critical gateway for our system-     support ecosystem partners through our models, Token
level AI capabilities to integrate into customer workflows.    Factory, and engineering capabilities to shorten their R&D
During the reporting period, our Computer Vision               and deployment cycles – forming a mutually empowering
business covered over 20 countries and regions, having         industry network.
cumulatively served over 4,500 customers domestically
and overseas, with a recurring customer revenue
contribution rate of 67% (meaning 67% of current-period
revenue came from customers who made purchases in
previous year), reflecting our long-established customer
base, industry understanding, and large-scale delivery
capability. Backed by our complete AI product and service
portfolio, we grow with our customers – expanding from
a single application to broader business workflows. We
deliver unified multimodal models, agents, and compute
services supporting use cases from analysis curation
and internal training to digital content generation and
cybersecurity optimization, continuously deepening and
broadening customer service.




                                                                           SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       13
    Chairman’s Statement




    We take a deliberate approach to ecosystem building               STRATEGIC OUTLOOK
    – selectively investing in and continuously nurturing
                                                                      Looking ahead, AI will evolve from generating content
    areas characterized by long-term technological scarcity,
                                                                      and responding to commands towards understanding
    scenario value, and scaling potential. We believe that
                                                                      complex goals, continuously executing long-horizon tasks,
    in emerging fields with significant room for demand
                                                                      and producing measurable actions and outcomes in both
    expansion, the maturation of high-quality supply not only
                                                                      the digital and physical worlds. As capability boundaries
    meets existing demand but also lowers adoption barriers,
                                                                      continue to expand, competition in AI will likewise shift
    expands application boundaries, and stimulates new
                                                                      from individual models or products towards the deep
    market demand. As these ecosystem companies gradually
                                                                      system-level integration of models, Token production,
    complete the “0 to 1” phase of technology and product
                                                                      Agent Harness, and real-world scenarios. We will continue
    validation and move towards the “1 to 100” phase of
                                                                      to evolve our system-level AI capabilities around the “one
    large-scale commercial application, their industrial and
                                                                      model system, one Token Factory, one Agent Harness”
    commercial value is being progressively unlocked. During
                                                                      framework, along the following directions:
    the reporting period, Ace Robotics, SenseCare, and other
    partners closed fresh rounds of institutional financing – a
                                                                      •      Driving multimodal agents to continuously
    strong signal that capital markets and industry partners
                                                                             evolve through real-world tasks. We will
    are increasingly backing their technology roadmaps,
                                                                             continue to advance the deep integration of native
    industry directions, and commercialization progress.
                                                                             multimodal models and long-horizon agents,
                                                                             enhancing unified understanding, generation, and
    During the reporting period, a number of AI ecosystem
                                                                             reasoning capabilities across text, images, video,
    companies in our strategic equity portfolio completed
                                                                             spatial, and physical world information, with a focus
    public listings. The fair value appreciation of these
                                                                             on breakthroughs in complex task decomposition,
    investments materially contributed to our first IFRS profit –
                                                                             long-horizon execution, autonomous tool
    a clear sign that the financial value of our ecosystem
                                                                             orchestration, dynamic error correction, long-term
    assets is beginning to crystallize. The long-term value
                                                                             memory, and multi-agent collaboration. Through
    of our ecosystem strategy goes well beyond investment
                                                                             data, execution results, and user feedback
    returns. It positions us at the forefront of frontier domains –
                                                                             generated by real-world tasks, we will continuously
    embodied intelligence, intelligent terminals, next-generation
                                                                             feed back into model training, evaluation, and
    compute platforms – and creates a persistent pipeline
                                                                             workflow optimization, gradually forming an R&D
    of real-world tasks, data, and feedback that strengthens
                                                                             closed loop of “model improvement – task delivery
    our unified multimodal models and system-level delivery
                                                                             – feedback accumulation – model re-evolution.”
    capabilities. In turn, we are building a virtuous cycle where
    technology capabilities, industry scenarios, and ecosystem
    companies reinforce one another, aligning financial returns
    with strategic value.




14 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement




•   Driving the Token Factory to evolve from                 These directions converge on our core judgment for
    scaled intelligence production towards Task              the next phase of AI: beyond raising the ceiling of
    delivery. We will continue to deepen the large-          model intelligence, the AI of the future must enter more
    scale commercialization of domestic compute,             scenarios at lower cost, orchestrating complex tasks,
    heterogeneous inference optimization, and                and continuously learning and evolving from real-world
    compute-energy synergy, significantly lowering           outcomes. We will leverage the synergistic advantages
    the production cost of high-quality Tokens               of the “one model system, one Token Factory, one
    and enhancing the reasoning, understanding,              Agent Harness” framework, connecting tasks, actions,
    generation, and action capabilities they carry. As       and feedback across the digital and physical worlds,
    agents become capable of handling more complex           continuously expanding the audience and application
    long-horizon tasks, the efficiency measurement of        boundaries of AI capabilities, and driving technology
    the Token Factory will gradually extend from per-        capabilities, customer value, and business growth to form
    Token cost to the completion quality, success            a self-reinforcing long-term cycle.
    rate, and cost per task, while the measurement of
    commercial value will likewise gradually evolve from
    billing by Token usage towards pricing by tasks
    and delivered outcomes.


•   Driving multi-agent collaboration deeper into
    personal and enterprise workflows. We will
    continue to refine the Agent Harness, enabling
    multiple agents with different capabilities and
    specializations to share context, collaborate on
    planning, cross-validate each other, and jointly
    complete complex tasks. Through diverse product
    forms including work, content, interaction, and
    industry agents, as well as FDE and accumulated
    industry knowledge, we will drive AI to evolve from
    single-point tools and capability demonstrations
    towards systematic delivery covering
    “understanding – planning – execution – validation
    – delivery,” providing complete, reliable, and
    sustainable productivity for enterprises, individuals,
    and OPCs.




                                                                        SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        15
    Management Discussion and Analysis

    Six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to six months ended June 30, 2025


    The following table sets forth the comparative figures for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025:


                                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                              2026                  2025
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

      Revenue                                                                            2,910,946             2,358,198
      Cost of sales                                                                     (1,704,710)           (1,450,398)

      Gross profit                                                                       1,206,236              907,800
      Selling expenses                                                                    (270,933)             (272,285)
      Administrative expenses                                                             (517,995)             (597,033)
      Research and development expenses                                                 (1,755,585)           (2,118,533)
      Net impairment gains/(losses) on financial assets and contract assets                 35,178              (142,732)
      Other income                                                                         120,799              128,974
      Other gains – net                                                                  2,127,455              640,616

      Operating profit/(loss)                                                              945,155            (1,453,193)
      Finance income                                                                        99,343              128,124
      Finance costs                                                                        (81,392)              (96,379)

      Finance income – net                                                                  17,951                31,745
      Share of losses of investments accounted for using the equity method                (269,751)              (13,212)
      Fair value losses of preferred shares                                                (20,063)              (18,623)

      Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                                      673,292            (1,453,283)
      Income tax expenses                                                                  (55,984)              (35,987)

      Profit/(Loss) for the period                                                         617,308            (1,489,270)

      Profit/(Loss) is attributable to:
      Equity holders of the Company                                                        607,420            (1,477,949)
      Non-controlling interests                                                              9,888               (11,321)

                                                                                           617,308            (1,489,270)

      Non-IFRS measures:
      Adjusted EBITDA                                                                      384,855              (540,339)
      Adjusted net losses                                                                 (385,898)           (1,181,917)




16 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




                                       Six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to six months ended June 30, 2025


Revenue
Our revenue increased by 23.4% to RMB2,910.9 million in the six months ended June 30, 2026, compared to
RMB2,358.2 million in the six months ended June 30, 2025, primarily driven by continued expansion of Generative AI.
The following table sets out a breakdown of our revenue streams in absolute amounts and as percentages of our total
revenue for the years indicated:


                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                    2026                                       2025
                                            RMB million                     %            RMB million                 %
                                             (Unaudited)                                 (Unaudited)

  Generative AI                                   2,327.2                 79.9              1,815.5                77.0
  Computer Vision                                   496.8                 17.1                436.0                18.5
  X Businesses                                       86.9                  3.0                106.7                 4.5

  Total                                           2,910.9               100.0               2,358.2               100.0


Our Generative AI revenue increased by 28.2% to RMB2,327.2 million in the six months ended June 30, 2026,
compared to RMB1,815.5 million in the six months ended June 30, 2025 since market continues to expand steadily,
underpinned by rising demand for AI agents and cloud services.


Our Computer Vision revenue increased by 13.9% to RMB496.8 million in the six months ended June 30, 2026,
compared to RMB436.0 million in the six months ended June 30, 2025. Benefiting from domestic demand recovery and
sustained growth in overseas markets, computer vision is entering a second growth phase through multimodal vision
agents.


Our X Businesses revenue decreased by 18.6% to RMB86.9 million in the six months ended June 30, 2026, compared
to RMB106.7 million in the six months ended June 30, 2025 due to deconsolidation of some X Businesses. Over time,
we would expect our X Business composition to evolve as we incubate more X Businesses or as existing X Businesses
attract external investors and become deconsolidated from our financial statements. As a result, year-over-year
comparison will become less meaningful going forward for this particular revenue line.




                                                                          SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026      17
    Management Discussion and Analysis




    Six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to six months ended June 30, 2025


    Cost of Sales
    Our cost of sales increased by 17.5% from RMB1,450.4 million in the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB1,704.7
    million in the six months ended June 30, 2026. The following table sets out a breakdown of our cost of sales by nature
    in absolute amounts and as percentages of our cost of sales for the years indicated:


                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                           2026                                    2025
                                                  RMB million                    %          RMB million                       %
                                                  (Unaudited)                                (Unaudited)

      Hardware costs and
        subcontracting service fees                      1,152.4               67.6             1,244.8                     85.7
      Depreciation and amortization                       296.5                17.4                 87.5                     6.0
      AIDC operation costs                                232.7                13.7                 79.8                     5.5
      Employee benefit expenses                            15.9                 0.9                 30.0                     2.1
      Other expenses                                         7.2                0.4                  8.3                     0.7

      Total                                              1,704.7              100.0             1,450.4                100.0


    The increase in cost of sales was primarily attributable to the increase in AIDC-related depreciation and operational
    costs, which grew faster than total cost of sales due to our continued expansion of generative AI-related services.


    Gross Profit and Gross Margin
    Our gross profit increased by 32.9% from RMB907.8 million in the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB1,206.2
    million in the six months ended June 30, 2026, outpacing revenue growth rate for the same period. Our gross margin
    increased from 38.5% in the six months ended June 30, 2025 to 41.4% in the six months ended June 30, 2026, mainly
    due to the contribution of Generative AI business.


    Research and Development Expenses
    Our research and development expenses decreased by 17.1% from RMB2,118.5 million in the six months ended June
    30, 2025 to RMB1,755.6 million in the six months ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to the decrease of employee
    benefit expenses.


    Selling Expenses
    Our selling expenses slightly decreased by 0.5% from RMB272.3 million in the six months ended June 30, 2025 to
    RMB270.9 million in the six months ended June 30, 2026, primarily due to the decrease of employee benefit expenses
    partially offset by the increase of marketing and travelling expenses.




18 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




                                         Six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to six months ended June 30, 2025


Administrative Expenses                                        Finance Income – Net
Our administrative expenses decreased by 13.2% from            Net finance income decreased by 43.2% from RMB31.7
RMB597.0 million in the six months ended June 30, 2025         million in the six months ended June 30, 2025 to
to RMB518.0 million in the six months ended June 30,           RMB18.0 million in the six months ended June 30, 2026
2026, primarily due to decline in workplace operational        primarily due to slight decrease in net interest income.
costs, including depreciation and amortization, rental fees,
property management and administrative expenses.               Fair Value Losses of Preferred Shares
                                                               Fair value losses of preferred shares increased from
Net Impairment Gains/(Losses) on Financial
                                                               RMB18.6 million in the six months ended June 30, 2025
Assets and Contract Assets
                                                               to RMB20.1 million in the six months ended June 30,
Our net impairment losses on financial assets of               2026 resulting from changes in the fair value change of
RMB142.7 million in the six months ended June 30, 2025         preferred shares issued by a subsidiary of the Company.
have reversed into net gains amounting to RMB35.2
million in the six months ended June 30, 2026. This            Income Tax Expenses
favorable turnaround is primarily attributable to our
                                                               We had income tax expenses of RMB56.0 million in the
ongoing disciplined efforts in collecting outstanding trade
                                                               six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to RMB36.0
receivables.
                                                               million in the six months ended June 30, 2025 primarily
                                                               attributable to enhanced profitability.
Other Income
Our other income decreased by 6.4% from RMB129.0               Profit/(Loss) for the Period
million in the six months ended June 30, 2025 to
                                                               As a result of the foregoing, we had a profit of RMB617.3
RMB120.8 million in the six months ended June 30, 2026
                                                               million in the six months ended June 30, 2026, compared
primarily due to a slight decrease in government grants.
                                                               with a loss of RMB1,489.3 million in the six months ended
                                                               June 30, 2025. The turnaround from a net loss to net profit
Other Gains – Net
                                                               this year was primarily driven by a combination of factors,
We had net other gains of RMB2,127.5 million in the six        including improved revenue and gross profit performance,
months ended June 30, 2026 compared to RMB640.6                effective control and reduction of operating cost, and fair
million in the six months ended June 30, 2025. The             value increase of our various strategic investments.
net other gains in the six months ended June 30, 2026
primarily consist of gains on disposal of subsidiaries
amounting to RMB521.0 million and net fair value
unrealized gains on financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss amounting to RMB1,248.7 million after offset
by net asset value of investment funds attributable to
limited partners.




                                                                           SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        19
    Management Discussion and Analysis




    Six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to six months ended June 30, 2025


    Non-IFRS Measures
    To supplement our consolidated results which are prepared and presented in accordance with IFRS, we also use
    EBITDA/adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net loss as additional financial measures, which are not required by, or
    presented in accordance with, IFRS. We believe that these non-IFRS measures facilitate comparisons of operating
    performance from year to year and company to company by eliminating potential impacts of items that our management
    does not consider to be indicative of our operating performance such as certain non-cash items and certain impact of
    financing and investment activities. We believe that these measures provide useful information to investors and others in
    understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as they help our management.
    However, our presentation of the EBITDA/adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net loss may not be comparable to similarly
    titled measures presented by other companies. The use of these non-IFRS measures has limitations as an analytical tool,
    and you should not consider them in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis of, our results of operations or financial
    condition as reported under IFRS.


    The following table sets out EBITDA/adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation from profit/(loss) before income tax for the
    periods to EBITDA/adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated:


                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                    2026                  2025
                                                                                           RMB million             RMB million
                                                                                            (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

      Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                                              673.3              (1,453.3)
      Add:
      Finance income, net                                                                           (18.0)                (31.7)
      Depreciation and amortization                                                                732.7                 637.3

      EBITDA                                                                                     1,388.1                (847.7)

      Add:
      Fair value losses of preferred shares                                                         20.1                  18.6
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                            225.4                 153.3
      Fair value unrealized (gains)/losses on financial assets at
         fair value through profit or loss                                                      (4,446.3)                155.3
      Net asset value of investment funds attributable to limited partners                       3,197.6                  (19.8)

      Adjusted EBITDA                                                                              384.9                (540.3)




20 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




                                          Six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to six months ended June 30, 2025


The following table reconciles our adjusted net profit/(loss) for the periods presented to the most directly comparable
financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS, which is net loss for the periods:


                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                               2026                2025
                                                                                     RMB million            RMB million
                                                                                      (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

  Net profit/(losses) for the period                                                           617.3            (1,489.3)
  Add:
  Fair value losses of preferred shares                                                         20.1                18.6
  Share-based compensation expenses                                                            225.4               153.3
  Fair value unrealized (gains)/losses on financial assets at fair
    value through profit or loss                                                          (4,446.3)                155.3
  Net asset value of investment funds attributable to limited
    partners                                                                               3,197.6                 (19.8)

  Adjusted net losses                                                                       (385.9)             (1,181.9)


Trade, Other Receivables and Prepayments
Our trade, other receivables and prepayments increased from RMB4,304.1 million as of December 31, 2025 to
RMB5,290.8 million as of June 30, 2026, which primarily comprise trade receivables and other receivables.


Trade Receivables
The following table sets out a breakdown of our trade receivables as of the dates indicated:


                                                                                               As at               As at
                                                                                         June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                               2026                2025
                                                                                     RMB million            RMB million
                                                                                      (Unaudited)

  Trade receivables
  – Due from related parties                                                                   355.9               368.5
  – Due from third parties                                                                 6,683.5               5,526.9
  Provision for impairment                                                                (3,276.5)             (3,384.9)

  Total                                                                                    3,762.9               2,510.4


Our net trade receivables increased as of June 30, 2026, compared to that as of December 31, 2025.




                                                                           SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       21
    Management Discussion and Analysis




    Six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to six months ended June 30, 2025


    Trade receivables’ aging analysis based on date of revenue recognition is as follows:


                                                                                                  As at             As at
                                                                                              June 30,     December 31,
                                                                                                  2026              2025
                                                                                          RMB million        RMB million
                                                                                            (Unaudited)

      Up to 6 months                                                                            2,165.9          1,896.2
      6 months to 1 year                                                                        1,233.6            309.7
      1 to 2 years                                                                               261.7             235.1
      2 to 3 years                                                                               116.9             118.7
      More than 3 years                                                                         3,261.3          3,335.6

                                                                                                7,039.4          5,895.3


    LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
    We have historically funded our cash requirements principally from capital contribution from shareholders. We had cash
    and cash equivalents of RMB9,877.2 million and term deposits of RMB3,124.0 million as of June 30, 2026, compared to
    the balance of RMB10,887.1 million and RMB2,282.7 million as of December 31, 2025. As of June 30, 2026, our cash
    and cash equivalents were mainly denominated in USD.


    The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the years indicated:


                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                  2026              2025
                                                                                          RMB million        RMB million
                                                                                            (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

      Net cash used in operating activities                                                      (763.7)           (639.5)
      Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                   (3,744.9)           699.7
      Net cash generated from financing activities                                              3,668.8          2,158.0
      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                       (839.8)         2,218.2
      Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                   10,887.1          8,888.0
      Exchange changes on cash and cash equivalents                                              (170.0)              62.2
      Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                        9,877.2         11,168.4


    Net Cash Used in Operating Activities
    Net cash used in operating activities represents the cash used in our operations plus the income tax paid. Cash used
    in our operations primarily comprises our loss before income tax adjusted by non-cash items and changes in working
    capital.




22 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




                                          Six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to six months ended June 30, 2025


For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net cash used             The Group maintains a prudent approach in its treasury
in operating activities was RMB763.7 million, which was           management with interest rate exposure maintained
primarily attributable to our loss before income tax, as          principally on a floating rate basis. The Group did not
adjusted by (i) depreciation and amortization, fair value         use any interest rate swap contracts or other financial
gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss,   instruments to hedge against its interest rate risk. The
provision for impairment of financial assets and contract         Group will continue to monitor interest rate risk exposure
assets and gains on disposal of subsidiaries; and (ii)            and will consider hedging significant interest rate risk
changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash used        exposure should the need arises.
in operating activities increased during the period as the
reduction in operating losses was offset by an increase           Exposure to Exchange Rate Fluctuation
in working capital requirements, primarily due to a higher
                                                                  Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial
trade receivables balance resulting from, among other
                                                                  transactions or recognized assets and liabilities are
factors, the timing of customer collections.
                                                                  denominated in a currency that is not the respective
                                                                  Group entities’ functional currency. The Company’s
Net Cash (Used in)/Generated from Investing
                                                                  functional currency is USD. The Company’s primary
Activities
                                                                  subsidiaries were incorporated in Mainland China, Hong
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net cash used             Kong, Singapore and Middle East. These subsidiaries
in investing activities was RMB3,744.9 million, which             considered RMB, HKD, SGD and SAR as their functional
was mainly attributable to purchase of property, plant            currencies, respectively.
and equipment and acquisition of investments in financial
assets at fair value through profit and loss.                     We are primarily exposed to fluctuations in the HKD/
                                                                  RMB and HKD/USD exchange rates. We did not engage
Net Cash Generated from Financing Activities                      in hedging activities designed and intended to manage
                                                                  foreign exchange rate risk as of June 30, 2026. However,
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net cash
                                                                  we will continue to monitor foreign exchange rate
generated from financing activities was RMB3,668.8
                                                                  movements and will take necessary measures to mitigate
million, which was mainly attributable to net proceeds from
                                                                  the impact of exchange rate fluctuations.
placing ordinary shares and capital injection by limited
partners of investment fund controlled by the Group.
                                                                  Employees, Training and Remuneration Policies
Borrowings                                                        As at June 30, 2026, the Group had 2,668 employees.
                                                                  The number of employees employed by the Group varies
As of December 31, 2025 and June 30, 2026, we had
                                                                  from time to time depending on needs.
total borrowings of RMB5,724.6 million and RMB6,076.4
million, respectively. As of June 30, 2026, our borrowings
                                                                  The Group formulates the remuneration package for its
were mainly denominated in RMB. Repayment analysis
                                                                  employees based on the overall remuneration standard
and the currency denomination of bank borrowings of the
                                                                  in the market, industry practice and the Group’s
Group as at June 30, 2026 are set out in note 15 to the
                                                                  remuneration strategy. In addition to salary, in-house
consolidated financial statements.
                                                                  training programmes and employee benefits, employees
                                                                  may receive year-end performance incentives depending
                                                                  on their individual performance, which includes cash
                                                                  incentives or share options.




                                                                              SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       23
    Management Discussion and Analysis




    Six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to six months ended June 30, 2025


    Use of Proceeds from Placing of Class B Shares              The Directors considered that the December 2025 Placing
    under General Mandate                                       represents a suitable financing option for the Company to
                                                                raise further funding to support the Group’s continuous
    December 2025 Placing
                                                                development and business growth taking into account the
    On December 18, 2025, the Company entered into
                                                                then recent market conditions, which is in the interest of
    a placing agreement (the “December 2025 Placing
                                                                the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.
    Agreement”) with Guotai Junan Securities (Hong Kong)
    Limited and CMB International Capital Limited in relation
                                                                The net proceeds from the December 2025 Placing, after
    to the placing of 1,750,000,000 new Class B Shares
                                                                deducting the placing commission and other relevant
    (the “December 2025 Placing Shares”) at HK$1.80 per
                                                                costs and expenses of the December 2025 Placing,
    December 2025 Placing Share (the “December 2025
                                                                amounted to approximately HK$3,146 million, representing
    Placing Price”) to not less than six placees who and
                                                                a net issue price of approximately HK$1.80 per December
    whose ultimate beneficial owner(s) (where applicable)
                                                                2025 Placing Shares. The Company intends to use the
    shall be independent third parties (the “December 2025
                                                                net proceeds to support its core business development,
    Placing”). All the conditions set out in the December
                                                                which includes building an industry-leading AI Cloud and
    2025 Placing Agreement were fulfilled and the December
                                                                expanding its AI infrastructure (SenseCore) with increased
    2025 Placing was completed on December 29, 2025,
                                                                adoption of domestic chips; funding the R&D and
    where a total of 1,750,000,000 new Class B Shares (with
                                                                commercialization of Generative AI and its Multimodality
    an aggregate nominal value of US$43.75), representing
                                                                Large Model; exploring AI integration in innovative vertical
    approximately 4.40% of the number of the then issued
                                                                fields such as finance, education and marketing, and
    Class B Shares and approximately 4.33% of the number
                                                                for general working capital purposes covering operating
    of the then existing issued Shares as enlarged by the
                                                                costs, talent development, branding and sales initiatives.
    allotment and issue of such placing shares, have been
                                                                As at June 30, 2026, all of such net proceeds had been
    successfully placed to no fewer than six independent
                                                                utilised by the Group.
    placees (which were individual, professional, corporate
    and/or institutional investors) at the placing price of
    HK$1.80 pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
    December 2025 Placing Agreement. The closing price
    of the Class B Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange
    on December 17, 2025, being the date on which the
    December 2025 Placing Price was fixed, was HK$1.97.
    For details, please refer to the announcements of the
    Company dated December 18, 2025 and December 29,
    2025 respectively.




24 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




                                         Six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to six months ended June 30, 2025


Details of the use of proceeds are set out as follows:


                                                                          Actual use of                          Expected
                                          Planned                         net proceeds                          timeline for
                                        proportion            Planned        during the     Net proceeds      fully utilising
  Intended purposes                      of the net         use of the       Reporting      unused as of            the net
  of placing net proceeds                proceeds        net proceeds            Period    June 30, 2026         proceeds
                                                         (Approximately   (Approximately    (Approximately
                                               (%)         HK$ million)     HK$ million)      HK$ million)

  Supporting the development of the
    Company’s core business                   30.0               943.7            943.7                 –                 NA
  Supporting the R&D of Generative
    AI, productization of the
    Company’s Multimodality Large
    Model                                     30.0               943.7            943.7                 –                 NA
  Exploring the integration and
    application of AI in innovative
    fields                                    20.0               629.1            629.1                 –                 NA
  General working capital                     20.0               629.1            629.1                 –                 NA

  Total                                      100.0             3,145.7          3,145.7                 –


April 2026 Placing
On April 16, 2026, the Company entered into a placing agreement (the “April 2026 Placing Agreement”) with The
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, in relation to the placing of 1,700,000,000 new Class B Shares
(the “April 2026 Placing Shares”) at HK$1.91 per April 2026 Placing Share (the “April 2026 Placing Price”) to not
less than six placees who and whose ultimate beneficial owner(s) (where applicable) shall be independent third parties
(the “April 2026 Placing”). All the conditions set out in the April 2026 Placing Agreement were fulfilled and the April
2026 Placing Agreement was completed on April 24, 2026, where total of 1,700,000,000 new Class B Shares (with an
aggregate nominal value of US$42.50) representing approximately 4.25% of the then number of issued Class B Shares
completion of the April 2026 Placing Agreement and approximately 4.03% of the number of then existing issued Shares
as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the April 2026 Placing Shares. The closing price of the Class B Shares as
quoted on the Stock Exchange on April 16, 2026, being the date on which the April 2026 Placing Price was fixed, was
HK$2.09 per Class B Shares. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated April 17, 2026 and
April 21, 2026 respectively.




                                                                            SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026          25
    Management Discussion and Analysis




    Six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to six months ended June 30, 2025


    The Directors considered that the April 2026 Placing represents a suitable financing option for the Company to raise
    further funding to support the Group’s continuous development and business growth taking into account the then recent
    market conditions, which is in the interest of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.


    The net proceeds from the April 2026 Placing, after deducting the placing commission and other relevant costs and
    expenses of the April 2026 Placing, amounted to approximately HK$3,230 million, representing a net issue price of
    approximately HK$1.90 per April 2026 Placing Shares. The Company intends to use the net proceeds to expand the
    scale of SenseCore, the Company’s AI infrastructure, with focus on the scaling up of the domestic AI supercomputing
    clusters empowered by domestic chips, as well as to enhance the offerings of our domestic AI cloud stack, providing
    infrastructure for AI token plan; support the Company’s R&D of Generative AI, with a core focus on the continuous
    innovation of our SenseNova model series so as to lead globally, including but not limited to the development of our
    native multimodality large model built on the proprietary NEO architecture, as well as to scale up the offerings of our AI
    tokens plan to realize commercialization; explore the innovative integration and application of AI technology in vertical
    scenarios, including but not limited to embedding native AI into education, software as a service, software embedded
    hardware, and for general working capital.


    Details of the use of proceeds are set out as follows:


                                                                              Actual use of                           Expected
                                               Planned                        net proceeds                          timeline for
                                             proportion           Planned        during the     Net proceeds       fully utilising
      Intended purposes                      of the net         use of the       Reporting       unused as of            the net
      of placing net proceeds                 proceeds       net proceeds            Period     June 30, 2026         proceeds
                                                             (Approximately   (Approximately    (Approximately
                                                    (%)        HK$ million)     HK$ million)      HK$ million)

      Expand the scale of SenseCore,
        the Company’s AI infrastructure           40.0             1,291.9          1,291.9                 –                 NA
      Supporting the R&D of                                                                                       December 31,
        Generative AI                             30.0               968.9            534.2             434.7               2026
      Exploring the innovative integration
        and application of AI technology
        in vertical scenarios                     20.0               646.0            646.0                 –                 NA
                                                                                                                  December 31,
      General working capital                     10.0               323.0            161.0             162.0               2026

      Total                                      100.0             3,229.8          2,633.1             596.7




26 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




                                            Six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to six months ended June 30, 2025


Gearing Ratio                                                   Pledge of Assets
As of June 30, 2026, our gearing ratio was -8.6%, which         As of June 30, 2026, we pledged certain equipments,
represented a net cash position. Our gearing ratio is           buildings and land use rights with carrying amount of
calculated as net debt divided by total capital at the          RMB4,042.3 million for borrowings.
end of each financial year. Net debt equals to our total
borrowings, lease liabilities and preferred share liabilities   Future Plans for Material Investments and
less our cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is            Capital Assets
calculated as total equity plus net debt.
                                                                As of June 30, 2026, we have no specific future plan for
                                                                material investments and acquisition of capital assets.
Contingent Liabilities
                                                                The Group will continue to identify new investment
As of June 30, 2026, we did not have any material               opportunities in companies with principal businesses
contingent liabilities.                                         related to the Group’s core business with a view to
                                                                create synergies with the Group’s existing core business
Significant Investments Held                                    and improve the Group’s service and products to its
                                                                customers.
As of June 30, 2026, we did not hold any significant
investments in the equity interest of other companies.
                                                                EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Material Acquisitions and Disposals of                          Save as otherwise disclosed in this interim report, there
Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures                     were no other significant events that may affect the Group
                                                                since the end of the Reporting Period.
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, we did not
have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures.




                                                                             SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026      27
    Report on Review of Interim
    Financial Information

    To the Board of Directors of SenseTime Group Inc.
    (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


    INTRODUCTION
    We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 29 to 96, which comprises the interim condensed
    consolidated balance sheet of SenseTime Group Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) as
    at June 30, 2026 and the interim condensed consolidated income statement, the interim condensed consolidated
    statement of comprehensive income, the interim condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and the interim
    condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and selected explanatory notes.
    The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation
    of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and International
    Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation
    and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
    Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our
    review and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and
    for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of
    this report.


    SCOPE OF REVIEW
    We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim
    Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. A review of interim financial information
    consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical
    and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with
    International Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become
    aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


    CONCLUSION
    Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information
    of the Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
    Financial Reporting”.




    PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Certified Public Accountants


    Hong Kong, August 26, 2026




28 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                  Interim Condensed Consolidated
                                                               Income Statement
                                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


                                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                           Notes               2026              2025
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

  Revenue                                                                  5(a), 6        2,910,946         2,358,198
  Cost of sales                                                              7           (1,704,710)       (1,450,398)

  Gross profit                                                                            1,206,236          907,800
  Selling expenses                                                           7             (270,933)         (272,285)
  Administrative expenses                                                    7             (517,995)         (597,033)
  Research and development expenses                                          7           (1,755,585)       (2,118,533)
  Net impairment gains/(losses) on financial assets and contract assets                      35,178          (142,732)
  Other income                                                               8              120,799          128,974
  Other gains – net                                                          9            2,127,455          640,616

  Operating profit/(loss)                                                                   945,155        (1,453,193)
  Finance income                                                             10              99,343          128,124
  Finance costs                                                              10              (81,392)         (96,379)

  Finance income – net                                                       10              17,951            31,745
  Share of losses of investments accounted for using the equity method                     (269,751)          (13,212)
  Fair value losses of preferred shares                                     28(d)            (20,063)         (18,623)

  Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                           673,292        (1,453,283)
  Income tax expenses                                                        11              (55,984)         (35,987)

  Profit/(loss) for the period                                                              617,308        (1,489,270)

  Profit/(loss) is attributable to:
  Equity holders of the Company                                                             607,420        (1,477,949)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                   9,888           (11,321)

                                                                                            617,308        (1,489,270)

  Earnings/(losses) per share for profit/(loss)
    attributable to equity holders of the Company
  Basic and diluted earnings/(losses) per share (RMB)                        12                 0.01             (0.04)


The above interim condensed consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




                                                                          SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       29
    Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
    Comprehensive Income
    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


                                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                        2026                2025
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)

      Profit/(loss) for the period                                                   617,308          (1,489,270)

      Other comprehensive (loss)/income
     Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss
        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                  1,187,925             336,717
     Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                 (1,691,815)           (206,859)
        Revaluation gains upon transfer from property, plant and
          equipment to investment properties                                               –               3,558
        Effects of changes in credit risk for financial liabilities designated
          as at fair value through profit or loss (Note 28(d))                        (4,633)              (3,848)

      Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the period, net of taxes                (508,523)            129,568

      Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period                               108,785          (1,359,702)

      Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period is attributable to:
      Equity holders of the Company                                                   98,927          (1,348,381)
      Non-controlling interests                                                        9,858             (11,321)

                                                                                     108,785          (1,359,702)


    The above interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss should be read in conjunction with the
    accompanying notes.




30 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                    Interim Condensed Consolidated
                                                                    Balance Sheet
                                                                                        As at June 30, 2026


                                                                               As at               As at
                                                                            June 30,       December 31,
                                                              Notes             2026               2025
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)

Assets

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                  14          7,817,212          5,883,256
Right-of-use assets                                            15            232,161            282,692
Investment properties                                          16          2,507,845          2,512,134
Intangible assets                                              17            114,885            121,279
Contract assets                                                6(c)           11,525             15,791
Investments accounted for using the equity method                          1,504,694          1,426,743
Deferred income tax assets                                      19           658,544            654,554
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           23        12,780,648          7,510,261
Long-term receivables                                           22            38,879             35,118
Restricted cash                                                 25            27,846             21,601
Other non-current assets                                        18         1,333,006          1,658,231

                                                                          27,027,245         20,121,660

Current assets
Inventories                                                    20            410,748            248,115
Contract assets                                                6(c)            2,728              3,230
Trade, other receivables and prepayments                       21          5,290,769          4,304,083
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          23            741,776            571,969
Derivative financial instrument                                24                  –              3,097
Restricted cash                                                25             74,008            483,707
Term deposits                                                  25          3,124,021          2,282,664
Cash and cash equivalents                                      25          9,877,244         10,887,050

                                                                          19,521,294         18,783,915

Total assets                                                              46,548,539         38,905,575

Equity

Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company
Share capital                                                   26                 7                   7
Other reserves                                                  27        84,767,221          81,472,449
Currency translation reserves                                              3,421,123           3,924,983
Accumulated losses                                                       (58,071,060)        (58,678,480)

                                                                          30,117,291         26,718,959

Non-controlling interests                                                    144,302            341,944

Total equity                                                              30,261,593         27,060,903


                                                             SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       31
    Interim Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet




    As at June 30, 2026


                                                                                                 As at          As at
                                                                                          June 30,       December 31,
                                                                           Notes                 2026           2025
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)

      Liabilities


      Non-current liabilities
      Borrowings                                                             31          3,814,128          3,710,335
      Lease liabilities                                                      15            146,376           176,010
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                        19             10,352             16,758
      Contract liabilities                                                  6(d)            34,257             39,361
      Deferred revenue                                                                     217,573           209,500
      Other financial liabilities                                            28          5,467,735          1,959,550

                                                                                         9,690,421          6,111,514

      Current liabilities
      Borrowings                                                             31          2,262,316          2,014,250
      Trade and other payables                                               30          2,601,507          2,090,358
      Lease liabilities                                                      15             58,387             62,358
      Contract liabilities                                                  6(d)           316,280           228,914
      Deferred revenue                                                                      82,830             84,681
      Current income tax liabilities                                                        63,412             27,217
      Preferred share liabilities                                            28          1,211,793          1,225,380

                                                                                         6,596,525          5,733,158

      Total liabilities                                                                 16,286,946         11,844,672

      Total equity and liabilities                                                      46,548,539         38,905,575


    The above interim condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


    On behalf of the Board


                                    Director                                          Director
                                     XU Li                                         WANG Zheng




32 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                             Interim Condensed Consolidated
                                                                               Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                            For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


                                                                                    Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company

                                                                                                         Currency                                             Non-
                                                                           Share            Other       translation Accumulated                          controlling        Total
                                                              Notes       capital         reserves        reserves          losses              Total      interests       equity
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

(Unaudited)
As at January 1, 2026                                                          7        81,472,449       3,924,983      (58,678,480)       26,718,959       341,944    27,060,903

Comprehensive loss
Profit for the period                                                          –                 –               –         607,420           607,420          9,888      617,308
Effects of changes in credit risk for financial liabilities
  designated as at fair value through profit or loss           28(d)           –            (4,633)              –                –            (4,633)            –        (4,633)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                      –                 –        (503,860)               –          (503,860)          (30)     (503,890)

Total comprehensive loss                                                       –            (4,633)       (503,860)        607,420            98,927          9,858      108,785

Transactions with equity holders
Placing of ordinary shares                                      27              *        2,831,055               –                –         2,831,055             –     2,831,055
Treasury shares issued to employees                             27             –            35,474               –                –           35,474              –       35,474
Transactions with non-controlling interests                     27             –           257,500               –                –          257,500       (257,500)            –
Recognition of financial instruments with preferred
  rights at amortised cost                                     28(c)           –           (50,000)              –                –           (50,000)       50,000             –
Share-based compensation expenses                             7, 29(c)         –           225,376               –                –          225,376              –      225,376

Total transactions with equity holders                                         –         3,299,405               –                –         3,299,405      (207,500)    3,091,905

As at June 30, 2026                                                            7        84,767,221       3,421,123      (58,071,060)       30,117,291       144,302    30,261,593




                                                                                                                 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026                          33
    Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


                                                                                             Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company

                                                                                                                   Currency                                            Non-
                                                                                   Share            Other         translation    Accumulated                      controlling        Total
                                                                      Notes        capital       reserves           reserves            losses           Total     interests        equity
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

        (Unaudited)
        As at January 1, 2025                                                           6     76,069,902          4,303,417       (56,912,551)      23,460,774      180,931     23,641,705

        Comprehensive loss
        Loss for the period                                                             –                –                 –       (1,477,949)      (1,477,949)     (11,321)    (1,489,270)
        Effects of changes in credit risk for financial liabilities
          designated as at fair value through profit or loss           28(d)            –          (3,848)                 –                 –          (3,848)            –        (3,848)
        Revaluation gains upon transfer from property,
          plant and equipment to investment properties                                  –           3,558                  –                 –          3,558              –        3,558
        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                       –                –          129,858                  –        129,858              –      129,858

        Total comprehensive loss                                                        –            (290)          129,858        (1,477,949)      (1,348,381)     (11,321)    (1,359,702)

        Transactions with equity holders
        Treasury shares issued to employees                             27              –          35,552                  –                 –         35,552              –       35,552
        Transactions with non-controlling interests                     27              –          40,000                  –                 –         40,000       (40,000)             –
        Recognition of financial instruments with preferred
          rights at amortised cost                                     28(c)            –         (62,500)                 –                 –         (62,500)      62,500              –
        Share-based compensation expenses                             7, 29(c)          –        153,250                   –                 –        153,250              –      153,250

        Total transactions with equity holders                                          –        166,302                   –                 –        166,302        22,500       188,802

        As at June 30, 2025                                                             6     76,235,914          4,433,275       (58,390,500)      22,278,695      192,110     22,470,805


    *            represents that the amount is less than RMB1,000 for the period.


    The above interim condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
    accompanying notes.




34 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                 Interim Condensed Consolidated
                                                         Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                        For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                 Notes               2026              2025
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash used in operations                                                          (734,461)         (628,372)
Income tax paid                                                                    (29,270)         (11,113)

Net cash used in operating activities                                            (763,731)         (639,485)

Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                      (2,292,070)       (1,389,008)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                      (44,993)         (70,932)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                           113,874          240,871
Net cash outflow from disposal of subsidiaries                                   (130,099)         (138,542)
Increase in investments accounted for using the equity method                      (27,500)          (4,250)
Dividend received from financial assets at fair value through
  profit and loss                                                   8               7,322             6,789
Acquisition of debt and equity investments                      23(a), (b)     (1,386,885)         (244,950)
Acquisition of wealth management products                         23(c)        (6,873,206)       (6,788,000)
Disposal of debt and equity investments                         23(a), (b)        428,549          341,044
Redemption of wealth management products and
  derivative financial instruments                                23(c)         6,722,740         5,655,073
Net (increase)/decrease in investments in term deposits                          (872,085)        2,936,461
Decrease in restricted cash for derivative instruments                            351,447                 –
Proceeds from disposal of associates                                              174,488             3,536
Interest received from banks                                                       83,488          151,578

Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                         (3,744,930)         699,670




                                                                SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       35
    Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                               Notes         2026            2025
                                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)

      Cash flows from financing activities
      Proceeds from borrowings                                                           1,734,305      3,882,748
      Repayments of borrowings                                                          (1,382,104)    (1,633,071)
      Interest paid                                                                        (71,160)       (89,736)
      Distribution to limited partners                                                     (78,488)             –
      Principal elements of lease payments                                                 (22,794)       (66,743)
      Interests elements of lease payments                                                  (3,704)        (5,189)
      Capital injection by limited partners of investment fund controlled by
        the Group                                                              28(b)      597,857               –
      Capital injection by non-controlling shareholder                         28(c)       50,000          62,500
      Net proceeds from placing of ordinary shares                                       2,831,055              –
      Proceeds from exercise of share options                                              13,849           7,522

      Net cash generated from financing activities                                       3,668,816      2,158,031

      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                (839,845)     2,218,216
      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                 10,887,050       8,887,988
      Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                            (169,961)        62,171

      Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                         9,877,244     11,168,375


    The above interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the
    accompanying notes.




36 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                Notes to the Interim Condensed
                                               Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


1   GENERAL INFORMATION
    SenseTime Group Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on October 15, 2014 as an
    exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law (Cap. 22, Law 3 of 1961 as consolidated and
    revised) of the Cayman Islands. The address of the Company’s registered office is Vistra (Cayman) Limited, of P.O.
    Box 31119 Grand Pavilion, Hibiscus Way, 802 West Bay Road, Grand Cayman, KY1-1205, Cayman Islands.


    The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (the
    “Group”), including the structured entities (collectively, the “Group”), are the sale of advanced artificial intelligence
    (“AI”) software, sale of AI software platform and related services, sale of software-embedded hardware and
    related services, AIDC service as well as research and development activities in relation to AI technology mainly in
    the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), Northeast Asia, Southeast Asia and other geographical areas.


    The Company is a leading AI software company with customers across a broad spectrum of industries.


    The Group does not have ultimate holding company and controlling shareholder.


    On December 30, 2021, the Company has successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong
    Kong Limited.


    The interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB’000”),
    unless otherwise stated. This interim condensed consolidated financial information was approved for issue by the
    board of directors on August 26, 2026.


2   BASIS OF PREPARATION
    This interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2026 has been
    prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim
    condensed consolidated financial information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
    statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025, which have been prepared in accordance with
    IFRS Accounting Standards (IFRS), as set out in the Company’s annual report dated March 26, 2026 except for
    the adoption of amended standard as disclosed in Note 3.




                                                                          SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026            37
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    3     NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
          Except as described below, the accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the annual financial
          statements for the year ended December 31, 2025, as described in those annual financial statements.


          Taxes on income for the interim period are accrued using the estimated tax rates that would be applicable to
          expected total annual assessable profit.


          (a)    New or amended standards adopted by the Group
                 A number of amended standards became applicable for the current reporting period. The following
                 amendment to standards have been adopted by the Group for the first time for the financial year
                 beginning on January 1, 2026:


                 IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 (Amendment)         Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                          Instruments
                 IFRS 7 and IFRS 9                     Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
                 Annual Improvements to IFRS           Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards

                 The adoption of amended standards did not have any material impact on the amounts recognised in prior
                 periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.


          (b)    New standards, amendments and interpretations not yet adopted
                 The followings new standards and amendments to standards have not come into effect for the financial
                 year beginning January 1, 2026 and have not been early adopted by the Group in preparing the interim
                 condensed consolidated financial statements. According to the preliminary assessment made by the
                 directors of the Group, no significant impact on the financial performance and positions of the Group is
                 expected when they become effective.




38 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                             Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                   For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


3   NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS (CONTINUED)
    (b)    New standards, amendments and interpretations not yet adopted (continued)

                                                                                                          Effective for
                                                                                                       annual periods
                                                                                                Beginning on or after

              IFRS 19 and Amendment           Subsidiaries without Public                              January 1, 2027
                                                 Accountability: Disclosures
              IFRS 18                         Presentation and Disclosure in Financial                 January 1, 2027
                                                 Statements
              IAS 21 (Amendment)              Transaction to a Hyperinflationary                       January 1, 2027
                                                 Presentation Currency
              IAS 28 (Amendment)              Amendment to the Fair Value Option                       January 1, 2027
              IFRS 10 and IAS 28              Sale or Contribution of Assets between                 To be determined
                (Amendment)                      an investor and its Associate or
                                                 Joint Venture
              Amendment to illustrative       Disclosure about Uncertainties in the                  To be determined
                Examples on IFRS 7,              Financial Statements
                IFRS 18, IAS 1, IAS 8,
                IAS 36 and IAS 37

4   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining the fair values
    of the financial instruments since the last annual financial report.


    (a)    Fair value hierarchy
           To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has
           classified its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An
           explanation of each level follows underneath the table.




                                                                           SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       39
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    4     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
          (a)    Fair value hierarchy (continued)
                 The following table presents the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities measured and recognised
                 at fair value at June 30, 2026 on a recurring basis:


                                                                         Level 1      Level 2       Level 3          Total
                                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

                    (Unaudited)
                    At June 30, 2026
                    Assets:
                      – Financial assets at fair value through
                         profit or loss (“FVPL”)                         792,930    4,239,698     8,489,796    13,522,424

                    Liabilities:
                      – Preferred share liabilities                            –            –     1,211,793      1,211,793
                      – Other financial liabilities                            –            –     5,301,511      5,301,511

                                                                               –            –     6,513,304     6,513,304


                                                                          Level 1     Level 2        Level 3          Total
                                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

                    As at December 31, 2025
                    Assets:
                      – Financial assets at FVPL                         809,479      56,258      7,216,493     8,082,230
                      – Derivative financial instrument                        –       3,097               –         3,097

                                                                         809,479      59,355      7,216,493      8,085,327

                    Liabilities:
                      – Preferred share liabilities                            –            –     1,225,380      1,225,380
                      – Other financial liabilities                            –            –     1,584,508      1,584,508

                                                                               –            –     2,809,888     2,809,888




40 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                            Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


4   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
    (a)   Fair value hierarchy (continued)
          The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels as at the
          end of the reporting period.


          Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (e.g. publicly traded derivatives and
          equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market
          price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. The quoted market price already
          incorporates the market’s assumptions with respect to changes in economic climate such as rising
          interest rates and inflation, as well as changes due to ESG risk. These instruments are included in level 1.


          Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (e.g. over-the-counter
          derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data
          and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an
          instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.


          Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
          included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities and for instruments where ESG risk gives
          rise to a significant unobservable adjustment.


    (b)   Valuation techniques used to determine fair values
          Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


          •       the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments; and


          •       for other financial instruments – discounted cash flow analysis.


          There were no changes in valuation techniques during the six months ended June 30, 2026. The Group
          also did not change any valuation techniques in determining the level 2 and level 3 fair values.


          For transfers in and out of level 3 measurements see (c) below.


          The fair value of trade and other receivables, long-term receivables, term deposits, restricted cash, and
          cash and cash equivalents approximated to their carrying amounts.




                                                                          SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026         41
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    4     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
          (c)    Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)
                 The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the six months ended June 30, 2026:


                                                                                                                  Net asset
                                                                                                                   value of
                                                                                                                investment
                                                                                                  Preferred           funds
                                                                                      Wealth         shares     attributable
                                                           Debt          Equity management       issued by a      to limited
                                                     investments    investments     products      subsidiary       partners         Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

                    (Unaudited)
                    At January 1, 2026                 6,225,373        419,151      571,969      (1,225,380)    (1,584,508)   4,406,605

                    Additions                          1,316,403         20,680    6,873,206               –       (597,857)   7,612,432
                    Disposals                            (32,838)             –    (6,719,643)             –              –    (6,752,481)
                    Decrease from disposal
                      of subsidiary                      (73,565)             –             –              –              –       (73,565)
                    Transfer from Level 3 to
                      Level 2                           (431,862)             –             –              –              –     (431,862)
                    Fair value changes                   402,832           (231)      16,937         (20,063)    (3,197,634)   (2,798,159)
                    Losses attributable to
                      changes in credit
                      risk recognised in other
                      comprehensive loss                       –              –             –         (4,633)             –        (4,633)
                    Distribution of cash dividends             –              –             –              –         78,488       78,488
                    Foreign currency translation         (89,279)        (8,644)         (693)       38,283               –       (60,333)

                    At June 30, 2026                   7,317,064        430,956      741,776      (1,211,793)    (5,301,511)   1,976,492

                    (Unaudited)
                    At January 1, 2025                 5,214,360        366,196      701,087      (1,205,047)      (916,940)   4,159,656

                    Additions                            194,371          8,750    6,788,000               –              –    6,991,121
                    Disposals                             (2,261)             –    (5,705,073)             –              –    (5,707,334)
                    Fair value changes                   142,830           900        11,875         (18,623)        19,784      156,766
                    Losses attributable to
                      changes in credit
                      risk recognised in other
                      comprehensive loss                       –              –             –         (3,848)             –        (3,848)
                    Foreign currency translation         (16,425)        (1,063)            –         5,074               –       (12,414)

                    At June 30, 2025                   5,532,875        374,783    1,795,889      (1,222,444)      (897,156)   5,583,947



42 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                            Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


4   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
    (c)   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3) (continued)
          (i)   Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value
                The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable
                inputs used in level 3 fair value measurements:


                                                                At June 30, 2026 (Unaudited)
                                               Fair Value Unobservable                                    Relationship of unobservable
                  Description                   RMB’000 inputs                       Range of inputs inputs to fair value

                  Assets:
                  Debt instruments              4,342,457 Expected volatility         38.81%-71.26% A shift of the expected volatility by +/- 5%
                    – Unlisted entities                                                                      results in a (decrease)/increase in FV of
                                                                                                             RMB(9,913,000)/RMB10,055,000
                                                           Risk-free rate               1.05%-4.30% A shift of the risk-free rate by +/- 5% results in a
                                                                                                             (decrease)/increase in FV of RMB216,000
                                                           DLOM                            10%-30% A shift of the DLOM by +/- 5% results
                                                                                                             in a (decrease)/increase in FV of
                                                                                                             RMB(61,326,000)/RMB61,073,000
                  Debt instruments              1,669,758 Net assets per unit                  0.57-4.48 A shift of the net assets per unit by +/- 5%
                    – Fund                                                                                   results in an increase/(decrease) in FV of
                                                                                                             RMB83,488,000
                  Debt instruments              1,304,849 Expected rate of return       4.21%-4.31% A change in the expected rate of return by +/-
                    – Investments                                                                            50 bps would increase/(decrease) the FV by
                    in bonds                                                                                 RMB28,167,000/RMB(27,721,000)
                  Equity instruments             430,956 DLOM                                      30% A shift of the DLOM by +/- 5% results in a
                    -unlisted entities                                                                       (decrease)/increase in FV of RMB2,949,000
                  Wealth management              741,776 Expected rate of return         1.6%-2.02% A change in the expected rate of return by 50
                    product                                                                                  bps would increase/(decrease) the FV by
                                                                                                             RMB405,000

                  Liabilities:

                  Net asset value of            5,301,511 Net assets per unit                  0.92-4.29 A shift of the net assets per unit by +/- 5%
                    investment funds                                                                         results in an (increase)/decrease in FV of
                    attributable to                                                                          RMB265,076,000
                    limited partners
                  Preferred shares issued       1,211,793 Expected volatility                   44.07% A shift of the expected volatility by +/- 5%
                    by a subsidiary                                                                          results in a change in FV of RMB(1,520,000)/
                                                                                                             RMB1,570,000
                                                           Risk-free rate                        4.14% A shift of the risk-free rate by +/- 5% results in a
                                                                                                             change in FV of RMB(385,000)/RMB385,000




                                                                                 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026                                   43
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    4     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
          (c)    Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3) (continued)
                 (ii)   Valuation processes
                        The Group has a team that manages the valuation of level 3 instruments for financial reporting
                        purposes. The team manages the valuation exercise of the investments on a case by case basis.
                        At least once every half year, the team would use valuation techniques to determine the fair value
                        of the Group’s level 3 instruments. External valuation experts will be involved when necessary. The
                        Group engaged an independent valuer to assist them on valuation of non-current unlisted debt
                        investments and unlisted equity investments with derivatives.


    5     SEGMENT INFORMATION
          The Company develops software and hardware products for different industry verticals based on the same AI
          infrastructure platform and model training framework. The technologies and nature of the products of different
          business lines are substantially similar. The executive directors of the Company, who are the chief operating
          decision makers, for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of performance did not discrete
          operating segment financial information and the executive directors reviewed the financial results of the Group as
          a whole. Therefore, no further information about the operating segment is presented.


          (a)    Revenue by geographical areas
                 The Company is domiciled in the Cayman Islands while the Group mainly operates its businesses in
                 four principal geographical areas of the world. The following table shows the Group’s total consolidated
                 revenue by location of the customers during the six months ended June 30, 2026:




44 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                               Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                         For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (a)   Revenue by geographical areas (continued)

                                                                                            Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

              Mainland China                                                                     2,498,124         2,176,347
              Northeast Asia                                                                       47,440             61,356
              Southeast Asia                                                                      220,448             21,043
              Others*                                                                             144,934             99,452

                                                                                                 2,910,946         2,358,198


          *       Other geographical areas mainly represented Hong Kong China and Middle East.



    (b)   Non-current assets by geographical areas
          The total of the non-current assets including property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets,
          investment properties and intangible assets as at June 30, 2026, broken down by the location of the
          assets, is as follows:


                                                                                                     As at             As at
                                                                                                 June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)

              Mainland China                                                                 10,468,374            8,567,687
              Northeast Asia                                                                       26,954             32,380
              Southeast Asia                                                                       13,937             12,463
              Others                                                                              162,838           186,831

                                                                                             10,672,103            8,799,361




                                                                                SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        45
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    6     REVENUE
          (a)    Information about major customers
                 The major customers which contributed more than 10% of total revenue of the Group for the six months
                 ended June 30, 2026 are listed as below:


                                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                 2026                        2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)

                     Percentage of revenue from the major customers
                       to the total revenue of the Group
                       Client A                                                                                11.9%                                *
                       Client B                                                                                       *                    40.3%


                 *        represents that the amount of aggregate revenue from such customer is less than 10% of the total revenue for respective
                          period.


          (b)    Disaggregation of revenue

                                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                 2026                        2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)

                     Revenue
                       – recognised point in time                                                          1,899,533                  1,988,135
                       – recognised over time                                                              1,011,413                     370,063

                                                                                                           2,910,946                  2,358,198


                 During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group determines revenue should be reported on a
                 gross or net basis based on principal/agent assessment and revenue was primarily reported on a gross
                 basis.




46 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                             For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


6   REVENUE (CONTINUED)
    (c)   Contract assets
          The Group has recognised the following contract assets with customers:


                                                                                       As at                   As at
                                                                                   June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                       2026                    2025
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)

                Current assets                                                         3,154                   3,734
                Loss allowance                                                          (426)                   (504)

                                                                                       2,728                   3,230

                Non-current assets                                                   15,682                18,045
                Loss allowance                                                        (4,157)              (2,254)

                                                                                     11,525                15,791

                                                                                     14,253                19,021


    (d)   Contract liabilities

                                                                             As at June 30,     As at December 31,
                                                                                       2026                    2025
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)

                Current
                Deferred service fee income (i)                                        1,638               19,472
                Advances from customers                                             314,642              209,442

                                                                                    316,280              228,914

                Non-current
                Deferred service fee income (i)                                      34,257                39,361


          (i)        Deferred service fee income represented the maintenance and upgrade service obligations
                     separated from the revenue contracts.




                                                                      SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        47
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    7     EXPENSES BY NATURE
          The expenses charged to cost of sales, selling expenses, administrative expenses and research and development
          expenses are analysed below:


                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                 2026               2025
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                           (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

                Employee benefit expenses (a)                                                   1,165,792       1,486,608
                Hardware costs and project subcontracting service fees                          1,152,404       1,244,813
                Depreciation and amortization (Note 14, Note 15 and Note 17)                      732,720         637,336
                Server operation and cloud based service fees                                     729,160         574,032
                Professional service and other consulting fees                                    216,421         212,122
                Marketing, conference and travelling expenses                                      89,251          67,963
                Utilities, property management and administrative expenses                         64,764          88,008
                Research and development tools and consumables                                     51,278           7,942
                Data labelling fees                                                                19,775          79,290
                Taxes and surcharges                                                               15,346          22,537
                Other expenses                                                                     12,312          17,598

                                                                                                4,249,223       4,438,249


          (a)       During the six months ended June 30, 2026, employee benefits expenses included share-based
                    compensation expenses of approximately RMB225,376,000 (for the six months ended June 30, 2025:
                    RMB153,250,000) (Note 29(c)).


    8     OTHER INCOME
                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                    2026             2025
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                           (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

                Government grants
                  – Financial subsidies (i)                                                      111,471          118,395
                  – Tax refund                                                                     2,006            3,790
                Dividend received                                                                  7,322            6,789

                                                                                                 120,799          128,974


          (i)       Governments grants received during the period primarily comprised the financial subsidies received from
                    various local government authorities in the mainland China, Hong Kong China and other regions. There
                    are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these incomes.


48 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                       For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


9   OTHER GAINS – NET
                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                2026                 2025
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

           Fair value gains/(losses) on financial assets at fair value through
             profit or loss (Note 23(d))                                                    4,588,084             (155,264)
           Fair value changes on net asset value of investment funds
             attributable to limited partners (Note 28(d))                                 (3,197,634)             19,784
           Gains on disposal of subsidiaries (i)                                              521,024             937,640
           Gains on disposal of investments accounted for
             using the equity method and FVPL (ii)                                             80,397                     –
           Net foreign exchange gains/(losses)                                                113,330             (168,990)
           Gains/(losses) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                            393               (10,177)
           Others                                                                              21,861                17,623

                                                                                            2,127,455             640,616


    (i)         During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group disposed its interests in certain subsidiaries to
                third parties and lost control over these subsidiaries and they became joint ventures of the Group. The
                Group recognised net gains amounted to RMB521,024,000 based on the fair value of the Group’s equity
                interest in these associates amounted to RMB459,600,000 on disposal date and the carrying amount of
                net liabilities of these subsidiaries amounted to RMB61,424,000 on disposal date.


    (ii)        During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group disposed its interests in certain associates
                and joint ventures to third parties. The Group recognised net gain amounted RMB38,994,000 based
                on cash consideration of RMB173,550,000 and the carrying amount of these companies amounted
                RMB134,556,000 on disposal date.


                During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group recognised gains of RMB41,943,000 arising from
                the disposal of certain FVPL financial assets.




                                                                                 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026     49
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    10    FINANCE INCOME – NET
                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                 2026                  2025
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

                Finance income
                Interest income                                                                 99,330              126,268
                Accretion income for long-term receivables                                          13                 1,856

                Finance income                                                                  99,343              128,124


                Finance costs
                Interest expenses on bank borrowings                                           (70,818)              (91,197)
                Interest and finance charges paid/payable for lease
                  liabilities (Note 15(b))                                                      (3,704)               (5,189)
                Interest expenses for financial instruments with
                  preferred rights at amortised cost                                            (6,876)                    –

                                                                                               (81,398)              (96,386)
                – Amount capitalised (i)                                                             6                     7

                Finance costs expensed                                                         (81,392)              (96,379)

                Finance income – net                                                            17,951                31,745


          (i)        The capitalization rate used to determine the amount of borrowing costs to be capitalised is 2.80% (for
                     the six months ended June 30, 2025: 3.69%).




50 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                   For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


11   INCOME TAX EXPENSE
     (i)     Cayman Islands
             The Company was redomiciled in the Cayman Islands in 2014 as an exempted company with limited
             liability, and is exempted from Cayman Islands income tax under the current tax laws of the Cayman
             Islands. In addition, no Cayman Islands withholding tax is imposed upon any payments of dividends.


     (ii)    British Virgin Islands
             Under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands, entities incorporated in British Virgin Islands are not
             subject to tax on their income or capital gains.


     (iii)   Hong Kong China
             Entities incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong profits tax of which the tax rate is 8.25%
             for assessable profits in the first HKD2 million and the remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5% (for
             the six months ended June 30, 2025: 16.5%).


     (iv)    Singapore
             Entities incorporated in Singapore are subject to income tax at a rate of 17% for the six months ended
             June 30, 2026 (for the six months ended June 30, 2025: 17%).


     (v)     Malaysia
             Malaysia income tax rate is 24% during the six months ended June 30, 2026 (for the six months ended
             June 30, 2025: 24%). In the case that the paid-up capital is Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”) 2.5 million or less,
             and the gross income from business is not more than MYR50 million, the income tax rate on the first
             MYR0.15 million chargeable income is 15%, the income tax rate on the next MYR0.45 million chargeable
             income is 17% and the part in excess of MYR0.6 million is 24%.


     (vi)    Saudi Arabia
             Enterprises incorporated in Saudi Arabia are subject to income tax rate of 20% for the six months ended
             June 30, 2026 (for the six months ended June 30, 2025: 20%) on foreign ownership portion.


     (vii)   The United Arab Emirates
             Enterprises incorporated in the United Arab Emirates are subject to UAE corporate tax at a rate of 9%
             where the taxable income exceeding AED0.375 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026 (for the
             six months ended June 30, 2025: 9%).




                                                                           SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        51
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    11    INCOME TAX EXPENSES (CONTINUED)
          (viii)   PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”)
                   The income tax provision of the Group in respect of its operations in the Mainland China was subject to
                   statutory tax rate of 25% on the assessable profits for the six months ended June 30, 2026 (for the six
                   months ended June 30, 2025: 25%), based on the existing legislation, interpretations and practices in
                   respect thereof.


                   Beijing SenseTime Technology Development Co., Ltd.(“Beijing SenseTime”), Shanghai SenseTime
                   Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai SenseTime”), Shanghai SenseTime Technology Development
                   Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Development”), Shanghai Shangtang Shanhui Information Technology Co., Ltd. and
                   Beijing SenseRobot Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. (formerly named “Shanghai SenseRobot Intelligent
                   Technology Co., Ltd.”) were qualified as “High and New Technology Enterprises” (“HNTEs”) under the
                   relevant PRC laws and regulations. Shenzhen SenseTime Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen SenseTime”)
                   and Shenzhen Tetras.AI Technology Co., Ltd.(“Tetras.AI Shenzhen”) were qualified as HNTEs and were
                   registered in such special zones. Accordingly, these entities were entitled to a preferential income tax
                   rate of 15% in 2026. This status of HNTEs is subject to a requirement that Beijing SenseTime, Shenzhen
                   SenseTime, Shanghai SenseTime, Shanghai Development, Tetras.AI Shenzhen, Shanghai Shangtang
                   Shanhui Information Technology Co., Ltd., and Beijing SenseRobot Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.
                   reapply for HNTEs status every three years.


          (ix)     PRC Withholding Tax (“WHT”)
                   According to the applicable PRC tax regulations, dividends distributed by a company established in the
                   PRC to a foreign investor with respect to profits derived after January 1, 2008 are generally subject to a
                   10% WHT. If a foreign investor incorporated in Hong Kong China meets the conditions and requirements
                   under the double taxation treaty arrangement entered into between the PRC and Hong Kong China, the
                   relevant withholding tax rate will be reduced from 10% to 5%.


                   During the six months ended June 30, 2026, no deferred income tax liability on WHT was accrued as
                   at the end of each reporting period because the subsidiaries of the Group were primarily loss making in
                   these periods (for the six months ended June 30, 2025: nil).


                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                  2026                  2025
                                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

                     Current income tax                                                         69,494                  9,996
                     Deferred income tax (Note 19)                                             (13,510)               25,991

                     Income tax expenses                                                        55,984                35,987




52 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


12   EARNINGS/(LOSSES) PER SHARE
     Basic
     The basic earnings/(losses) per share is calculated by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the
     Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares) issued during the six
     months ended June 30, 2026:


                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2026                    2025
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)

       Profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the Company                        607,420              (1,477,949)
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousand)                  40,687,080             36,109,541

       Basic earnings/(losses) per share (expressed in RMB per share)                         0.01                   (0.04)


     Diluted
     Diluted earnings/(losses) per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
     outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company has three categories of
     dilutive potential ordinary shares: preferred shares issued by a subsidiary of the Company, restricted share units
     (“RSUs”) and share options. The Company had no potential dilutive ordinary shares outstanding during the six
     months ended June 30, 2026 as all preferred shares issued by a subsidiary of the Company, RSUs and share
     options were anti-dilutive, therefore the diluted earnings per share is equal to the basic earnings per share for the
     period presented. Accordingly, diluted earnings per share for the six months ended June 30, 2026 is the same
     as basic earnings per share of the respective period (six months ended June 30, 2025: same as basic loss per
     share of the respective period).


13   DIVIDENDS
     No dividend had been declared or paid by the Company during the six months ended June 30, 2026 (for the six
     months ended June 30, 2025: nil).




                                                                           SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026          53
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    14    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                Buildings                       Large-scale    Computers           Office     Transportation
                                                       and          Property     electronic and related        equipment         equipment          Other    Construction
                                                facilities
                                                         (a)
                                                                 improvement equipment   (b)
                                                                                               equipment     and furniture      and vehicles    equipment     in progress         Total
                                                RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

             At December 31, 2025
             Cost                               2,121,427            556,526      5,768,789      738,926           58,364            20,201        31,591        304,194     9,600,018
             Accumulated depreciation            (373,586)          (387,193)    (2,404,026)     (484,456)        (41,256)           (14,759)     (11,486)              –    (3,716,762)

             Net book amount                    1,747,841            169,333      3,364,763      254,470           17,108             5,442        20,105        304,194     5,883,256

             (Unaudited)
             Six months ended
               June 30, 2026
             Opening net book amount            1,747,841            169,333      3,364,763      254,470           17,108             5,442        20,105        304,194     5,883,256
             Additions                                       –         2,748      2,420,040       89,347              841               280         1,364        180,334     2,694,954
             Internal transfer                               –        22,734       337,323           (718)            291                  –            –        (359,630)            –
             Disposals                                       –        (5,161)      (102,828)       (1,212)            (72)            (1,542)           –          (2,520)    (113,335)
             Disposals of subsidiaries                       –             –         (1,197)         (323)              (1)                –           (3)              –        (1,524)
             Depreciation charge                  (38,784)           (17,089)      (511,012)      (68,632)         (3,764)            (1,429)      (2,225)              –     (642,935)
             Currency translation differences         (933)             (653)        (1,346)         (168)            (74)               (67)        (706)           743         (3,204)

             Closing net book amount            1,708,124            171,912      5,505,743      272,764           14,329             2,684        18,535        123,121     7,817,212

             At June 30, 2026
             Cost                               2,120,460            576,194      8,409,252      741,498           59,034            16,911        32,244        123,121 12,078,714
             Accumulated depreciation            (412,336)          (404,282)    (2,903,509)     (468,734)        (44,705)           (14,227)     (13,709)              –    (4,261,502)

             Net book amount                    1,708,124            171,912      5,505,743      272,764           14,329             2,684        18,535        123,121     7,817,212




54 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                          Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


14   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
     (a)   As at June 30, 2026, certain buildings with carrying amount of RMB1,224,295,000 (December 31, 2025:
           RMB1,537,922,000) were pledged as collaterals for the Group’s borrowings (Note 31).


     (b)   As at June 30, 2026, certain large-scale electronic equipment with carrying amount of RMB250,356,000
           were pledged as collaterals for the Group’s borrowings (Note 31).


     (c)   During the six months ended June 30, 2026, depreciation charges were expensed off in the following
           categories in the interim condensed consolidated income statement:


                                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                         2026                 2025
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

             Cost of sales                                                           294,279                87,095
             Selling expenses                                                           2,436                7,115
             Administrative expenses                                                   60,991               95,991
             Research and development expenses                                       285,229              314,672

                                                                                     642,935              504,873




                                                                     SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026         55
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    15    RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES
          Right-of-use assets include leased buildings, land use right and large-scale electronic equipment.

          (a)    Amounts recognised in the interim condensed consolidated balance sheet
                 The interim condensed consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                                As at                As at
                                                                                             June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                                2026                 2025
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)

                       Right-of-use assets
                       Leased buildings                                                       137,973               184,782
                       Large-scale electronic equipment                                        34,407                37,452
                       Land use right (i)                                                      59,781                60,458

                                                                                              232,161               282,692

                       Lease liabilities
                       Current                                                                 58,387                62,358
                       Non-current                                                            146,376               176,010

                                                                                              204,763               238,368


                 (i)        As at June 30, 2026, all land use right was pledged as collaterals for the Group’s borrowings (Note
                            31).

          (b)    Amounts recognised in the interim condensed consolidated income statement
                 The interim condensed consolidated income statement show the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                2026                  2025
                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

                       Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
                       Leased buildings                                                        36,342                45,857
                       Large-scale equipment                                                    3,045                     –
                       Land use right                                                             677                   677

                                                                                               40,064                46,534

                       Interest expense (included in finance income – net)                      3,704                 5,189


                 The total cash outflow for leases for the six months ended June 30, 2026 was RMB64,132,000 (for the
                 six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB105,074,000).



56 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                          Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                           For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


15   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
     (c)   The movement in right-of-use assets in the interim condensed consolidated balance
           sheet are as follows:

                                                                                          Large-scale
                                                             Leased             Land        electronic
                                                            buildings     use right        equipment              Total
                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000

             At December 31, 2025
             Cost                                            463,467         67,674               44,237       575,378
             Accumulated depreciation                        (278,685)          (7,216)           (6,785)      (292,686)

             Net book amount                                 184,782         60,458               37,452       282,692

             (Unaudited)
             Six months ended June 30, 2026
             Opening net book amount                         184,782         60,458               37,452       282,692
             Additions                                          6,867                –                 –          6,867
             Termination                                      (19,063)               –                 –        (19,063)
             Depreciation charge                              (36,342)           (677)            (3,045)       (40,064)
             Currency translation differences                   1,729                –                 –          1,729

             Closing net book amount                         137,973         59,781               34,407       232,161

             At June 30, 2026
             Cost                                            443,927         67,674               44,237       555,838
             Accumulated depreciation                       (305,954)           (7,893)           (9,830)     (323,677)

             Net book amount                                 137,973         59,781               34,407       232,161


           During the six months ended June 30, 2026, depreciation charges were expensed off in the following
           categories in the interim condensed consolidated income statement:


                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2026                    2025
                                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

             Cost of sales                                                                   –                     171
             Administrative expenses                                                 34,319                     42,257
             Research and development expenses                                            5,745                  4,106

                                                                                     40,064                     46,534




                                                                    SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026             57
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    16    INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                               As at                  As at
                                                                                           June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                               2026                   2025
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)

             At beginning of the period                                                   2,512,134                       –
             Transfer from Property, plant and equipment                                            –            2,503,101
             Revaluation gains upon transfer from property, plant and
                 equipment (included in other comprehensive loss)                                   –                4,744
             Fair value changes                                                               (4,289)                4,289

             At end of the period                                                         2,507,845              2,512,134


          As at June 30, 2026, investment properties with net book value of RMB2,507,845,000 were pledged as collateral
          for the Group’s bank borrowings (Note 31).


          The Group’s investment properties were valued at transfer dates, and at each of balance sheet date respectively,
          by an external independent valuer. For all investment properties, their current use equates the highest and best
          use.


          The Group’s policy is to recognise change of fair value hierarchy levels as of the date of the event or change in
          circumstances that caused the change. At June 30, 2026, the Group only had investment properties measured
          at level 3 valuation.




58 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                          Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                            For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


16   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
     (a)   Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value

                                             Fair value                                                 Range of
                                                  as at         Valuation Unobservable              unobservable
                                         June 30, 2026        techniques inputs                            inputs

                                                                            Adjusted market price
             Investment properties           2,507,845       Market price     (RMB’000/m2)                  52-63


     (b)   Leasing arrangements
           The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases, with rentals payable monthly.
           Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line
           basis over the lease term.


           Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of investment properties are as follows:


                                                                                      As at                  As at
                                                                                   June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)

             Within 1 year                                                           61,525                54,923
             Between 1-2 years                                                       60,919                60,615
             Between 2-3 years                                                       59,879                59,754
             Later than 3 years                                                      48,774                78,533

                                                                                    231,097              253,825




                                                                     SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        59
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    17    INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                Licensed
                                                                                Computer      intellectual
                                                     Patents Trademarks         software       properties             Total
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000

             At December 31, 2025
             Cost                                     72,896             22       633,285            37,711        743,914
             Accumulated amortisation
               and impairment                         (72,896)           (22)    (512,010)           (37,707)      (622,635)

             Net book amount                                –              –      121,275                  4       121,279

             (Unaudited)
             Six months ended June 30, 2026
             Opening net book amount                        –              –      121,275                  4       121,279
             Additions                                      –              –       45,057                  –        45,057
             Disposals                                      –              –             –                 –              –
             Disposals of subsidiaries                      –              –         (865)                 –           (865)
             Amortisation charge                            –              –      (49,717)                (4)       (49,721)
             Currency translation differences               –              –         (865)                 –           (865)

             Closing net book amount                        –              –      114,885                  –       114,885

             At June 30, 2026
             Cost                                     72,896             22       673,615            37,711        784,244
             Accumulated amortisation
               and impairment                         (72,896)          (22)     (558,730)           (37,711)     (669,359)

             Net book amount                                –              –      114,885                  –       114,885


          During the six months ended June 30, 2026, amortization charges were expensed off in the following categories
          in the interim condensed consolidated income statement:


                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2026                     2025
                                                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

             Cost of sales                                                                   2,201                     210
             Selling expenses                                                                 600                      415
             Administrative expenses                                                         4,368                  19,885
             Research and development expenses                                           42,552                     65,419

                                                                                         49,721                     85,929


60 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                             Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


18   OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                                       June 30,        December 31,
                                                                                           2026                2025
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)

       Advance payment for purchase of property, plant and
         equipment and intangible assets                                                994,954            1,213,925
       Advance payment for purchase of services                                         338,052             444,306

                                                                                      1,333,006            1,658,231


19   DEFERRED INCOME TAX
     The analysis of deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities is as follows:


                                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                                       June 30,        December 31,
                                                                                           2026                2025
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)

       Deferred income tax assets:
         – to be recovered within 12 months                                             367,172             376,522
         – to be recovered after more than 12 months                                    334,006             312,562
       Offset by deferred income tax liabilities                                         (42,634)            (34,530)

       Net deferred income tax assets                                                   658,544             654,554

       Deferred income tax liabilities:
         – to be recovered after more than 12 months                                     (52,986)            (51,288)
       Offset by deferred income tax assets                                              42,634               34,530

       Net deferred income tax liabilities                                               (10,352)            (16,758)




                                                                         SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       61
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    19    DEFERRED INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
          The gross movements on the deferred income tax account is as follows:


                                                                                          Fair value
                                                                                            changes
                                                                                         on financial
                                               Tax losses   Impairment                        assets
             Deferred income tax                  carried    provision    Unrealised       carried at      Lease
             assets                              forward     on assets         profit          FVPL     liabilities    Others       Total
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000

             (Unaudited)
             At January 1, 2026                  268,031       374,821             9               –      26,006       20,217    689,084
             Credit/(charged) to the interim
               condensed consolidated
               income statement                   30,649       (10,164)            (2)             –       (7,513)      2,238     15,208
             Currency translation
               differences                              –       (2,479)            –               –         (635)          –      (3,114)

             At June 30, 2026                    298,680       362,178             7               –      17,858       22,455    701,178

             (Unaudited)
             At January 1, 2025                  244,993       482,247             –               –      23,843       21,620    772,703
             Credit/(charged) to the interim
               condensed consolidated
               income statement                     1,120      (27,826)            –               –        2,922        (488)    (24,272)
             Currency translation
               differences                              –         105              –               –             –      1,873      1,978

             At June 30, 2025                    246,113       454,526             –               –      26,765       23,005    750,409




62 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                           Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                             For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


19   DEFERRED INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
                                                             Fair value
                                                              changes
                                                           on financial
                                                                 assets        Right-
                                                                carried        of-use      Investment
       Deferred income tax liabilities                         at FVPL         assets       properties           Total
                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

       (Unaudited)
       At January 1, 2026                                       (25,161)      (24,941)             (1,186)     (51,288)
       (Charged)/credit to the interim condensed
         consolidated income statement                           (9,633)        7,935                   –       (1,698)

       At June 30, 2026                                         (34,794)      (17,006)             (1,186)     (52,986)

       (Unaudited)
       At January 1, 2025                                       (21,537)       (23,924)                 –      (45,461)
       Credit/(charged) to the interim condensed
         consolidated income statement                            1,435         (3,154)                 –       (1,719)
       Charged to other comprehensive income                          –              –             (1,186)      (1,186)

       At June 30, 2025                                         (20,102)       (27,078)            (1,186)     (48,366)


20   INVENTORIES
                                                                                          As at                 As at
                                                                                   June 30,              December 31,
                                                                                          2026                  2025
                                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)

       Purchased hardware and components                                            308,495                    85,235
       Contract fulfilment cost                                                     108,660                  169,749

                                                                                    417,155                  254,984
       Less: allowance for impairment of inventories                                     (6,407)               (6,869)

                                                                                    410,748                  248,115


     The provision for impairment of inventories recorded as cost of sales for the six months ended June 30, 2026
     was RMB9,032,000 (for the six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB13,864,000).




                                                                      SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026          63
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    21    TRADE, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                              As at           As at
                                                                          June 30,     December 31,
                                                                              2026            2025
                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)

             Notes receivables                                              54,260           56,724
             Provision for impairment                                       (50,257)        (49,019)

                                                                              4,003           7,705

             Trade receivables
               – Due from related parties (Note 33(c))                     355,921         368,451
               – Due from third parties                                   6,683,451       5,526,893

                                                                          7,039,372       5,895,344
             Less: provision for impairment                              (3,276,511)     (3,384,897)

                                                                          3,762,861       2,510,447

             Other receivables
               – Refundable deposits                                        59,051           30,040
               – Loans to related parties (Note 33(c))                      21,769           28,287
               – Payments on behalf of customers                           365,326         369,348
               – Others                                                    204,475         346,757

                                                                           650,621         774,432
             Less: provision for impairment                                (306,755)       (311,743)

                                                                           343,866         462,689

             Prepayments                                                   638,465         895,462
             Input VAT to be deducted                                      541,574         427,780

             Total trade, other receivables and prepayments               5,290,769       4,304,083




64 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                            Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


21   TRADE, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
     The aging analysis of the notes receivables based on date of revenue recognition is as follows:


                                                                                         As at                As at
                                                                                     June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                         2026                 2025
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)

       Bank notes receivables
         – Up to 6 months                                                               5,260                 7,624

       Commercial notes receivables
         – Up to 6 months                                                                    –                 100
         – Over 1 year                                                                 49,000                49,000

                                                                                       54,260                56,724


     The credit terms given to trade customers are determined on an individual basis with normal credit period mainly
     around 90 to 270 days. The aging analysis of the trade receivables based on date of revenue recognition is as
     follows:


                                                                                         As at                As at
                                                                                     June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                         2026                 2025
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)

       Up to 6 months                                                               2,165,910             1,896,217
       6 months to 1 year                                                           1,233,603              309,726
       1 to 2 years                                                                   261,666              235,122
       2 to 3 years                                                                   116,919              118,721
       More than 3 years                                                            3,261,274             3,335,558

                                                                                    7,039,372             5,895,344




                                                                       SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       65
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    22    LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES
          Long-term receivables represented: (1) the receivables due for settlement by instalments, which are generally
          between 1 to 5 years; (2) the refundable deposits with maturity date over 1 year. Long-term receivables contains
          significant financing components. Accordingly, these receivables are recognised initially at fair value and
          subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The portion due for settlement within 1 year
          is reclassified to trade receivables. The balance of long-term receivables were analysed in the following table.


                                                                                                  As at                   As at
                                                                                              June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                                  2026                    2025
                                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)

                Payment by installment sales contract                                           36,446                  22,087
                Refundable deposits due after one year                                          10,917                  30,432
                Less: due within one year                                                        (5,650)                (14,559)

                                                                                                41,713                  37,960
                Less: provision for impairment                                                   (2,834)                 (2,842)

                                                                                                38,879                  35,118


    23    FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
          (i)        Classification of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                     The Group classified the following financial assets at FVPL:


                     –      Debt investments that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or fair value through
                            other comprehensive income;


                     –      Equity investments that are held for trading; and


                     –      Equity investments for which the entity has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses
                            through other comprehensive income.




66 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                          Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                            For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


23   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)
     (i)   Classification of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
           Financial assets mandatorily measured at FVPL include the following:


                                                                                        As at             As at
                                                                                    June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                        2026              2025
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)

             Non-current assets
             Debt investments (a)
               – Unlisted entities                                                  4,342,457         3,893,508
               – Investments in bonds                                               1,304,849         1,330,278
               – Fund                                                               1,669,758         1,001,587
             Equity investments (b)
               – Listed entities                                                    5,032,628          865,737
               – Unlisted entities                                                   430,956           419,151

                                                                                  12,780,648          7,510,261

             Current assets
             Wealth management products (c)                                          741,776           571,969

                                                                                  13,522,424          8,082,230




                                                                     SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026      67
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    23    FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)
          (a)    Debt investments
                 The movement of the debt investments during the six months ended June 30, 2026 is as follows:


                                                                                            Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                    2026                   2025
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

                       At beginning of the period                                             6,225,373              5,214,360
                       Additions                                                              1,316,403                194,371
                       Disposals                                                                 (32,838)                (2,261)
                       Decrease from disposal of subsidiaries                                    (73,565)                      –
                       Transfer to equity investments (i)                                       (431,862)                      –
                       Fair value changes                                                       402,832                142,830
                       Currency translation differences                                          (89,279)               (16,425)

                       At end of the period                                                   7,317,064              5,532,875


                 (i)        During the six months ended June 30, 2026, one of investee companies was listed on the A-share
                            market. Accordingly, the Company remeasured its retained equity interest in Dapu Micro at its fair
                            value of RMB431,862,000 on the listing date.


                            The Group made investments in various industry companies in the form of convertible redeemable
                            preferred shares, ordinary shares with preferential rights and convertible loans. The Group has
                            the right to require and demand the investees to redeem all of the investments held by the Group
                            at guaranteed predetermined amount upon redemption events which are out of control of the
                            investees. Hence these investments are accounted for as debt instruments and are measured as
                            financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. In addition, the Group also made investments in
                            certain investment funds as a limited partner, these investments were included in debt investments,
                            depending on the investment contract terms.




68 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                            Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


23   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)
     (b)   Equity investments
           The movement of the equity investments during the six months ended June 30, 2026 is as follows:


                                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2026                   2025
                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)

             At beginning of the period                                               1,284,888              1,149,136
             Additions                                                                   70,482                 50,579
             Disposals                                                                 (395,711)               (338,783)
             Transfer from debt investments (a) (i)                                     431,862                        –
             Fair value changes                                                       4,168,315                (284,812)
             Currency translation differences                                            (96,252)                (1,746)

             At end of the period                                                     5,463,584                574,374


           The fair values of the listed securities are determined based on the closing price quoted in active market
           or that with the adjustment of lack of marketability discount. The fair values of the unlisted securities are
           measured using a valuation technique with unobservable inputs.


     (c)   Wealth management products
           The wealth management products were non-principal protected with maturity of less than 1 year.


           The movement of the wealth management products during the six months ended June 30, 2026 is as
           follows:


                                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2026                   2025
                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)

             At beginning of the period                                                 571,969                701,087
             Additions                                                                6,873,206              6,788,000
             Redemptions                                                             (6,719,643)            (5,655,073)
             Disposal of subsidiary                                                             –               (50,000)
             Fair value changes                                                          16,937                 11,875
             Currency translation differences                                               (693)                      –

             At end of the period                                                       741,776              1,795,889




                                                                         SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        69
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    23    FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)
          (d)     Amounts recognised in the interim condensed consolidated income statement
                  During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the following gains/(losses) were recognised in the interim
                  condensed consolidated income statement:


                                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                              2026                 2025
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

                    Fair value gains/(losses) on investments in:
                       – Debt investments                                                 402,832               142,830
                       – Equity investments                                             4,168,315               (284,812)
                       – Derivative financial instruments                                        –               (25,157)
                       – Wealth management products                                         16,937               11,875

                                                                                        4,588,084               (155,264)


    24    DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                             As at                 As at
                                                                                         June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                              2026                 2025
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)

             Assets:
                Foreign currency swap contract                                                   –                 3,097




70 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                           Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                            For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


25   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED CASH AND TERM DEPOSITS
     (a)   Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                             As at June 30, As at December 31,
                                                                                        2026                 2025
                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)

             Cash at bank and in hand                                            13,103,119            13,675,022
             Less: restricted cash (b)                                              (101,854)             (505,308)
             Less: term deposits with initial term of
               over three months (c)                                              (3,124,021)           (2,282,664)

             Cash and cash equivalents                                             9,877,244           10,887,050


     (b)   Restricted cash

                                                                             As at June 30, As at December 31,
                                                                                        2026                 2025
                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)

             Non-current
             Performance security                                                     27,846                21,601

             Current
             Performance security                                                     17,525                24,840
             Security deposit (Note 31)                                                     –               41,441
             Swap contract deposit                                                          –             351,448
             Others                                                                   56,483                65,978

                                                                                      74,008              483,707

                                                                                    101,854               505,308


     (c)   Term deposits were deposits with initial terms of over three months and those with maturity date over 1
           year were disclosed in non-current assets.




                                                                     SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       71
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    26    SHARE CAPITAL
          Authorised:

                                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                                         ordinary shares

             At January 1, 2025, 2026 and June 30, 2025, 2026                                          2,000,000,000,000


          Issued:

                                                                                Number of shares            Share capital
                                                                                                                 RMB’000

             At January 1, 2026                                                     40,424,038,000                         7
             Placing of ordinary shares (a)                                          1,700,000,000                         *
             Vesting of share awards                                                     92,552,703                        *

             At June 30, 2026 (Unaudited)                                           42,216,590,703                         7

             At January 1, 2025 and June 30, 2025 (Unaudited)                       37,007,371,000                         6


          (a)     In April 2026, a total number of 1,700,000,000 Class B ordinary shares have been placed at HK$1.91 per
                  share. Accordingly, the net proceeds recorded in share capital and other reserves (after deducting the
                  commission and transaction levy) were RMB292 and RMB2,831,055,000, respectively.


                  As at June 30, 2026, the ordinary shares of the Company represented two classes as follows:


                                                                                               As at                 As at
                                                                                     June 30, 2026 December 31, 2025
                                                                                Number of shares        Number of shares
                                                                                        (Unaudited)

                    Class A ordinary shares (i)                                        509,844,373           614,034,470
                    Class B ordinary shares                                         41,706,746,330        39,810,003,530

                                                                                    42,216,590,703        40,424,038,000


                  (i)     On January 16, 2026, Vision Worldwide transferred 104,190,097 class A ordinary shares into class
                          B ordinary shares.




72 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                             Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                                     For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


27   OTHER RESERVES
                                                             Shares held
                                                               for share              Share-based        Other
                                                                  award        Share compensation comprehensive
                                                                 scheme     premium      expenses loss reserve           Others         Total
                                                                RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000

         (Unaudited)
         At January 1, 2026                                            *   82,061,096     535,081          (15,833)    (1,107,895)   81,472,449
         Placing of ordinary shares                                    –    2,831,055           –                –              –     2,831,055
         Treasury shares issued to employees (a)                       –      127,600     (92,126)               –              –        35,474
         Transactions with non-controlling interests                   –            –           –                –        257,500       257,500
         Recognition of financial instruments with
           preferred rights at amortised cost (Note 28(c))             –           –            –                 –       (50,000)     (50,000)
         Share-based compensation expenses (Note 29)                   –           –      225,376                 –             –      225,376
         Changes in credit risk for financial liabilities
           designated as at fair value through
           profit or loss                                              –           –             –           (4,633)            –        (4,633)

         At June 30, 2026                                              *   85,019,751     668,331          (20,466)     (900,395)    84,767,221

         (Unaudited)
         At January 1, 2025                                            *   76,433,872     581,543           (14,544)    (930,969)    76,069,902
         Treasury shares issued to employees (a)                       –      128,448      (92,896)               –            –         35,552
         Transactions with non-controlling interests                   –            –            –                –       40,000         40,000
         Recognition of financial instruments with
           preferred rights at amortised cost (Note 28(c))             –           –            –                 –       (62,500)      (62,500)
         Share-based compensation expenses (Note 29)                   –           –      153,250                 –             –      153,250
         Revaluation gains upon transfer from property,
           plant and equipment (b)                                     –           –             –           3,558              –        3,558
         Changes in credit risk for financial liabilities
           designated as at fair value through
           profit or loss                                              –           –             –           (3,848)            –        (3,848)

         At June 30, 2025                                              *   76,562,320     641,897           (14,834)    (953,469)    76,235,914


     *          represents that the amount is less than RMB1,000 for the period.


     (a)        Unvested shares held by the SenseTalent Management Limited are disclosed as treasury shares and
                deducted from equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders. As at June 30, 2026, 602,561,000
                treasury shares in SenseTalent Management Limited have not been issued to employees (December 31,
                2025: 664,865,000).


     (b)        The revaluation gains arising from the transfer from property, plant and equipment to investment
                properties at the transfer date is accounted to other comprehensive loss reserve and deferred income tax
                liabilities respectively.



                                                                                         SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026                73
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    28    PREFERRED SHARE AND OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
          As at June 30, 2026, the preferred share and other financial liabilities included:


                                                                                                   As at                  As at
                                                                                               June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                           (Unaudited)

             Preferred share liabilities issued by a subsidiary (a)                            1,211,793             1,225,380
             Net asset value of investment funds attributable
                to limited partners (b)                                                        5,301,511             1,584,508
             Financial instruments with preferred rights
                at amortised cost (c)                                                           166,224                375,042

             Total preferred share and other financial liabilities                             6,679,528             3,184,930

             Including:
             Current portion                                                                   1,211,793             1,225,380
             Non-current portion                                                               5,467,735             1,959,550

                                                                                               6,679,528             3,184,930


          (a)      Preferred share liabilities issued by a subsidiary
                   On September 22, 2021, SenseMeet Investment limited (“SenseMeet”) and a sovereign wealth fund of
                   the Government of Saudi Arabia (“Fund A”) signed a joint venture agreement to set up SenseTime MEA
                   Ltd. (formerly named “SenseWonder Technology Limited”, “SenseTime MEA”). 51 ordinary shares and
                   49 convertible preferred shares were issued to SenseMeet and Fund A respectively. The consideration
                   for subscription of preferred shares by Fund A shall be paid in two tranches, first tranche consideration
                   amounted to USD155,000,000 and second tranche amounted to USD52,000,000 when certain conditions
                   are satisfied. No more consideration was received during the six months ended June 30, 2026. Pursuant
                   to the agreement, Fund A was also granted a put option to require SenseMeet to acquire all its preferred
                   shares in SenseTime MEA on the occurrence of some certain events. The preferred shares issued to Fund
                   A has dividends and conversion rights. Fund A has a preferential dividend rate of eight percent (8%) upon
                   liquidation event or an exercise of its put option. Accordingly, the investment by Fund A to SenseTime
                   MEA are recognised as preferred share liability at FVPL. As at June 30, 2026, the preferred share liabilities
                   were disclosed in current liabilities as Fund A had right to convert its preferred shares into ordinary shares
                   at any time.




74 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                               Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


28   PREFERRED SHARE AND OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
     (b)   Net asset value of investment funds attributable to limited partners
           In August 2021, the Group established Beijing Guoxiang Shangheng Equity Investment Fund Partnership
           (limited partnership), as a limited partnership with an 8-year life, together with ten limited partners for
           strategic investment. As at June 30, 2026, the Group has already received RMB1,173,201,000 (December
           31, 2025: RMB845,344,000) capital injection from these limited partners.


           In February 2022, the Group established Shenzhen Chengsi Consulting Management Partnership (limited
           partnership), together with a limited partner for strategic investment. As at June 30, 2026, the Group has
           already received RMB53,500,000 (December 31, 2025: RMB23,500,000) capital injection from the limited
           partner.


           In November 2023, the Group established Jiujiang Youdi Technology Industry Investment Partnership
           (limited Partnership), together with a limited partner for strategic investment. As at June 30, 2026, the
           Group has already received RMB100,500,000 (December 31, 2025: RMB100,500,000) capital injection
           from the limited partner.


           In November 2023, the Group established Beijing Chengjing Management Consulting Partnership
           Enterprise (limited partnership). As at June 30, 2026, the Group has already received RMB19,500,000
           (December 31, 2025: RMB19,500,000) capital injection from the limited partner.


           In January 2024, the Group established Hefei Chenglin Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership
           Enterprise (limited partnership), together with a limited partner for strategic investment. As at June 30,
           2026, the Group has already received RMB2,000,000 (December 31, 2025: RMB2,000,000) capital
           injection from the limited partner.


           In November 2024, the Group established Anhui Chengtang Shuzhi Creative Equity Investment Fund
           Partnership Enterprise (limited partnership), together with three limited partners for strategic investment.
           As at June 30, 2026, the Group has already received RMB315,000,000 (December 31, 2025:
           RMB240,000,000) capital injection from these limited partners.


           In October 2025, the Group established Shanghai Guoxiang Shangyuan Private Investment Fund
           Partnership (limited partnership), together with three limited partners for strategic investment. As at June
           30, 2026, the Group has already received RMB385,000,000 (December 31, 2025: RMB220,000,000)
           capital injection from these limited partners.


           The Group designated the net asset value of investment funds attributable to limited partners as financial
           liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                          SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026      75
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    28    PREFERRED SHARE AND OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
          (c)    Financial instruments with preferred rights at amortised cost
                 The financial instruments with preferred rights represent the paid-in capital and capital reserve of certain
                 subsidiaries received from the certain non-controlling shareholders (“Investors”). The Group recognised
                 the financial instruments with preferred rights as financial liabilities considering that the triggering events
                 for the redemption rights are out of the control of the Group and these financial instruments do not
                 meet the definition of equity for the Group. The financial liabilities were initially measured at fair value and
                 subsequently measured at amortised cost. The fair value for initial recognition represented the present
                 value of the amount expected to be paid to the Investors upon redemption which was assumed at the
                 dates of issuance of the financial instruments. Interests from the financial instruments were charged to
                 finance cost.


                 During the six months ended June 30, 2026, these subsidiaries of the Group received capital injection with
                 total consideration of RMB50,000,000 from the Investors. The Group recognised non-controlling interests
                 of RMB50,000,000 and debited other reserves to reflect the carrying amount of the financial instruments
                 amounted of RMB50,000,000. As at June 30, 2026, the interests from the financial instruments were not
                 material.


          (d)    (Losses)/gains on the changes in fair value of preferred share and other financial
                 liabilities

                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                    2026                    2025
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)

                   Changes in fair value of preferred shares issued
                     by a subsidiary                                                             (20,063)                (18,623)

                   Losses attributable to changes in credit risk of above
                     financial instruments recognised in other
                     comprehensive loss                                                            (4,633)                (3,848)

                   Changes on net asset value of investment funds
                     attributable to limited partners                                         (3,197,634)                 19,784




76 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                          Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                              For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


29   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS
     (a)   Share-based compensation plans issued by the Company
           Starting from 2016, the board of directors approved the restricted shares plan (“Pre-IPO RSU Plan”),
           share option plan and Post-IPO restricted shares plan (“2022 RSU Scheme”) for the purpose of providing
           incentive for certain directors, senior management members, employees and any other eligible participants
           contributing to the Group.


           (i)    Pre-IPO RSU Plan and 2022 RSU Scheme
                  On November 2, 2016, 68,697 RSUs were granted to employees and the exercise price of all
                  RSUs was HKD0.7789 per share. Total number of RSUs was 686,970,000 after share split with
                  a ratio of 1:10,000 and the exercise price was HKD0.00007789 on April 9, 2018. As at June 30,
                  2026 and December 31, 2025, all RSUs were exercised.


                  Pursuant to resolution of extraordinary general meeting of the Company approved on September
                  29, 2025, 1,360,000,000 RSUs were granted on September 4, 2025 and will be vested between
                  2026 and 2031 on a half-yearly basis, provided that the first vesting date shall be no less than 12
                  months from the date of the grant. The vesting of these RSUs is conditional upon the achievement
                  of the performance targets as determined by the board or its authorised representative.
                  Share-based compensation expenses were not recognised since the vesting conditions such as
                  performance targets were not determined.


                  On January 2, 2026, 300,000,000 RSUs were granted to a certain eligible participant and will
                  be vested in the period from 12 months to 70 months after the date of the grant, provided that
                  the first vesting date shall be no less than 12 months from the date of the grant. The vesting of
                  these RSUs is conditional upon the achievement of the performance targets as determined by
                  the chairman of the board. Share-based compensation expenses were not recognised since the
                  vesting conditions such as performance targets were not determined.


                  During the six months ended June 30, 2026, 250,535,714 RSUs were granted to eligible
                  participants under 2022 RSU Scheme.




                                                                      SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        77
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    29    SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS (CONTINUED)
          (a)    Share-based compensation plans issued by the Company (continued)
                 (i)    Pre-IPO RSU Plan and 2022 RSU Scheme (continued)
                        During 2026, 250,535,714 RSUs were granted to eligible participants under 2022 RSU Scheme.
                        Movements in the number of restricted shares granted during the six months ended June 30,
                        2026 are as follows:


                                                                              Six months ended         Six months ended
                                                                                  June 30, 2026            June 30, 2025
                                                                                    (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                               Number of RSUs           Number of RSUs

                           At beginning of the period                                399,257,764                       –
                           Granted                                                   250,535,714            311,333,631
                           Vested                                                     (92,552,703)                     –
                           Forfeited                                                  (13,969,162)            (6,770,798)

                           At end of the period                                      543,271,613            304,562,833


                        The fair value as at the grant date of 2022 RSU Scheme is RMB1,117,037,000 and determined by
                        the share price of the Group at the grant date.

                 (ii)   Share option plan
                        Movements in the number of share options granted and their related weighted average exercise
                        price during the six months ended June 30, 2026 are as follows:


                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                 2026 (Unaudited)                  2025 (Unaudited)
                                                                Average                          Average
                                                          exercise price                    exercise price
                                                              per share     Number of           per share       Number of
                                                                 option         options             option          options
                                                                  (HKD)                             (HKD)

                           At beginning of the period              0.60     540,468,191              0.63     821,007,004
                           Granted                                    –               –                 –                –
                           Exercised                               0.65     (62,303,771)             0.71      (54,294,051)
                           Forfeited                               0.78      (6,243,958)             0.78      (51,158,067)

                           At end of the period                    0.59     471,920,462              0.61     715,554,886


                        No options expired during the period covered by the above tables.

                        As at June 30, 2026, 432,423,751 options were vested but not exercised (June 30, 2025:
                        442,278,879).




78 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                             For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


29   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS (CONTINUED)
     (a)   Share-based compensation plans issued by the Company (continued)
           (ii)   Share option plan (continued)
                  Share options outstanding at the end of the period have the following expiry date and exercise
                  prices:


                                                                                                         Number of share options
                      Grant date              Expiry date                         Exercise price      June 30, 2026 December 31, 2025
                                                                                           (HKD)       (Unaudited)

                      February 1, 2019        February 1, 2026                  0.78 or 0.22 or *                –          3,898,538
                      June 30, 2019           June 30, 2026                                  0.78                –          2,021,702
                      January 1, 2020         January 1, 2027                   0.78 or 0.22 or *       38,790,813         42,913,686
                      July 1, 2020            July 1, 2027                                   0.78          981,112            981,112
                      January 1, 2021         January 1, 2028                   0.78 or 0.22 or *       84,816,605         96,695,639
                      July 1, 2021            July 1, 2028                           0.78 or 0.22        1,371,347          1,607,716
                      January 1, 2022         January 1, 2029                                0.78       22,267,567         27,920,233
                      July 1, 2022            July 1, 2029                                   0.78          953,423          1,224,948
                      September 13, 2022      September 13, 2029                             0.78       79,338,212         92,877,392
                      January 1, 2023         January 1, 2030                                0.78        6,968,080          9,798,116
                      April 1, 2023           April 1, 2030                                  0.78       29,689,492         33,753,390
                      July 1, 2023            July 1, 2030                                   0.78       13,552,697         15,195,870
                      January 1, 2024         January 1, 2031                                0.78       32,893,740         41,154,401
                      April 25, 2024          April 25, 2031                         0.78 or 0.01      157,272,663        166,863,103
                      May 28, 2024            May 28, 2031                                   0.78        3,024,711          3,562,345

                                                                                                       471,920,462        540,468,191


                  *         represents that the amount is less than HKD0.01 for respective periods.




                                                                                    SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026          79
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    29    SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS (CONTINUED)
          (a)    Share-based compensation plans issued by the Company (continued)
                 (iii)   Fair value estimation of the share options
                         The fair value as at the grant dates of each of the share-based compensation plans are
                         summarised as follows:


                                                                     January 1, 2024       April 25, 2024       May 28, 2024
                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000

                           Share options                                        46,039            129,146                3,128


                         Share options
                         The fair value of the share options is determined by the binomial option-pricing model at the
                         grant date, which is to be expensed over the respective vesting periods. Significant estimates on
                         assumptions, including risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, dividend yield, and terms, are
                         made by the management and third-party valuers. Before listing, the equity allocation method has
                         been applied in the determination of the fair value of each class of the shares in the Company,
                         which requires considering the rights and preferences of each class of shares and back solving for
                         the total equity value that is consistent with a recent transaction in the Company’s own securities,
                         considering the rights and preferences of each class of shares.


                         The directors of the Company estimated the risk-free interest rate based on the yield of curve
                         of US Treasury strips with a maturity life close to the option life of the share option. Expected
                         volatility was estimated at grant date based on average of historical volatilities of the comparable
                         companies with length commensurable to the time to maturity of the share option. Time to maturity
                         is based on the term agreements at the grant date.


                         The fair value of the share options granted have been valued by an independent qualified valuer
                         using the Binomial valuation model as at each grant date. Key assumptions are set as below:


                                                                              Risk-free          Expected             Time to
                           Grant date                                     interest rate           volatility         maturity

                           January 1, 2024                                        3.09%             52.67%             7 years
                           April 25, 2024                                         3.80%             53.95%             7 years
                           May 28, 2024                                           3.69%             53.80%             7 years




80 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                          Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                             For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


29   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS (CONTINUED)
     (b)   Share-based compensation plans issued by the certain subsidiaries
           Certain subsidiaries of the Company operate their own share-based compensation plans. Their
           exercise prices of the share options and the vesting periods of the share options are determined by the
           Administrative Committee of the Group and in accordance with the relevant rules.


     (c)   During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the amounts of share-based compensation expenses
           charged to administrative expenses, research and development expenses and selling expenses are as
           follow:


                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                        2026                  2025
                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

             Selling expenses                                                         25,734                13,973
             Administrative expenses                                                  88,952                62,625
             Research and development expenses                                       110,690                76,652

                                                                                     225,376               153,250




                                                                     SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       81
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    30    TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                 As at June 30, As at December 31,
                                                                                           2026                  2025
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)

             Notes payables                                                                    –                     29
             Trade payables
               – Third parties                                                         1,207,607              679,482
               – Related parties (Note 33(c))                                             11,732                2,522
             Other payables
               – Third parties                                                          542,912               624,129
               – Related parties (Note 33(c))                                             66,574               52,181
             Payables on purchase of property, plant and equipment and
               intangible assets                                                        541,912               357,103
             Accrued taxes other than income tax                                          10,279               60,923
             Staff salaries and welfare payables                                        195,483               287,596
             VAT payables related to contract liabilities                                 24,008               21,482
             Accrued warranty expenses                                                     1,000                4,911

                                                                                       2,601,507            2,090,358


          Aging analysis of the notes and trade payables based on purchase date at the end of June 30, 2026 are as
          follows:


                                                                                  As at June 30 As at December 31,
                                                                                           2026                  2025
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)

            Up to 6 months                                                             1,085,357              540,971
            6 months to 1 year                                                             9,877               13,612
            1 to 2 years                                                                  24,881               27,098
            More than 2 years                                                             99,224              100,352

                                                                                       1,219,339              682,033




82 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                          Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                        For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


31   BORROWINGS
                                                                        As at June 30, As at December 31,
                                                                                  2026                 2025
                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                           (Unaudited)

      Non-Current
      Bank borrowing – secured and guaranteed                                  222,271                     –
      Bank borrowing – secured                                               3,481,144            3,611,939
      Bank borrowing – guaranteed                                              823,120            1,156,745
      Bank borrowing – unsecured and unguaranteed                               39,400               39,400
      Less: current portion of non-current borrowings                         (751,807)           (1,097,749)

                                                                             3,814,128            3,710,335

      Current
      Short-term bank borrowing – guaranteed                                   942,073              330,500
      Short-term borrowing – unsecured and unguaranteed                        565,043              582,266
      Current portion of non-current borrowings                                751,807            1,097,749
      Interest payable                                                            3,393                3,735

                                                                             2,262,316            2,014,250

                                                                             6,076,444            5,724,585




                                                                 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026      83
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    31    BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
          Secured and guaranteed bank borrowings
          As at June 30, 2026, the Group had a non-current bank borrowing with carrying amount of RMB222,271,000
          which was pledged by large-scale electronic equipment with a carrying amount of RMB250,356,000 (Note 14(b)).
          This non-current bank borrowing was also guaranteed by Shanghai SenseTime.


          Secured bank borrowings
          As at June 30, 2026, the Group had non-current bank borrowings with carrying amount of RMB1,836,004,000
          (December 31, 2025: RMB1,932,039,000) which was pledged by equity interest of Shanghai Yuqin Information
          Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Yuqin”) and joint liability guarantee from Shanghai Yuqin and Shanghai
          SenseTime. In addition, certain buildings (Note 14(a)) with a carrying amount of RMB922,649,000 and land use
          right with a carrying amount of RMB59,781,000 (Note 15) (December 31, 2025: buildings with a carrying amount
          of RMB953,089,000 and land use right with a carrying amount of RMB60,455,000) respectively were also
          pledged as collaterals for this bank borrowing.


          As at June 30, 2026, the Group had non-current bank borrowings with carrying amount of RMB1,645,140,000
          which was pledged by certain building with a carrying amount of RMB301,646,000 (Note 14(a)) in property, plant
          and equipment and RMB2,507,845,000 (Note 16) in investment properties (December 31, 2025: bank borrowing
          with carrying amount of RMB1,650,140,000 which was pledged by certain buildings with a carrying amount of
          RMB584,833,000 in property, plant and equipment and RMB2,512,134,000 in investment properties) respectively
          as a collateral for the Group’s borrowings.


          Guaranteed bank borrowings
          As at June 30, 2026, the Group had non-current bank borrowings with carrying amount of RMB139,000,000 for
          public rental housing, which was guaranteed by a state-owned property developer before the property registration
          is ready. After that, this borrowing will be guaranteed by Shanghai SenseTime and be pledged by the public
          rental housing itself as a collateral (December 31, 2025: borrowings with carrying amount of RMB140,000,000).


          As at June 30, 2026, the Group had non-current bank borrowings with carrying amount of RMB409,380,000
          which were guaranteed by SenseTime Group Limited (December 31, 2025: bank borrowings with amount of
          RMB578,725,000).


          As at June 30, 2026, the Group had non-current bank borrowings with carrying amount of RMB109,100,000
          which were guaranteed by Beijing SenseTime (December 31, 2025: bank borrowings with carrying amount of
          RMB109,200,000).


          As at June 30, 2026, the Group had non-current bank borrowings with carrying amount of RMB165,640,000
          which were guaranteed by Shanghai SenseTime (December 31, 2025: bank borrowings with carrying amount of
          RMB328,820,000).


          As at June 30, 2026, the Group had current bank borrowings with carrying amount of RMB931,573,000 which
          were guaranteed by SenseTime Group Limited (December 31, 2025: RMB320,000,000 which were guaranteed
          by SenseTime Group Limited).

84 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                            Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


31   BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
     Guaranteed bank borrowings (continued)
     As at June 30, 2026, the Group had current bank borrowings with carrying amount of RMB10,500,000 which
     were guaranteed by Shanghai SenseTime (December 31, 2025: RMB10,500,000 which were guaranteed by
     Shanghai SenseTime).


     The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes and the contractual repricing dates of the
     borrowings at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                As at June 30, As at December 31,
                                                                                            2026                2025
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)

       6 months or less                                                                  870,123          1,277,936
       Between 6 and 12 months                                                          1,388,800           732,579
       Between 1 and 2 years                                                             831,483            570,970
       Between 2 and 5 years                                                            1,335,255         1,460,725
       Over 5 years                                                                     1,647,390         1,678,640

                                                                                        6,073,051         5,720,850


     The aggregate principal amounts of bank borrowing and applicable interest rates are as follows:


                                                       As at June 30, 2026                As at December 31, 2025
                                                        Amount        Interest rate           Amount     Interest rate
                                                       RMB’000         Per annum            RMB’000       Per annum
                                                    (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

       RMB bank borrowings                            6,073,051      1.48%~2.80%           5,720,850   1.48%~3.80%


     As at June 30, 2026, the carrying amounts of bank borrowings approximated their fair values since the interest
     payable on those borrowings is either close to current market rates or the borrowings are of a short-term nature.




                                                                        SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       85
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    31    BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
          The Group had complied with all of the financial covenants of its borrowings for the six months ended June
          30, 2026 (for the six months ended June 30, 2025: complied with all the financial covenants of its borrowings).
          Under the terms of major bank borrowings, with a carrying amount of RMB1,836,004,000 (December 31, 2025:
          RMB1,938,182,000), the respective subsidiary is required to comply with the financial covenants starting from
          January 1, 2025:


          •        the debt to asset ratio must be not more than 70%;


          •        the interest coverage ratio must be not less than 5%;


          •        the debt service coverage ratio must be not less than 130%;


          •        the net assets of the subsidiary must be not less than RMB2 billion; and


          •        the revenue of the subsidiary must be not less than RMB1 billion.


          Based on the directors assessment, the Group would have no difficulty complying with the covenants when they
          will be next tested as at December 31, 2026.


          As at June 30, 2026 the weighted average effective interest rate for borrowings was 2.40% (December 31, 2025:
          2.52%).


    32    CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
          Significant capital expenditure commitments are set out below:


                                                                                       As at June 30, As at December 31,
                                                                                                 2026                2025
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)

              Construction in process                                                          101,000             66,000
              Property, plant and equipment                                                    748,161           283,000
              Capital contribution to financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss                                                                  50,000           360,500

                                                                                               899,161           709,500




86 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


33   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party,
     or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also
     considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence.


     (a)    Information on related parties and their relationships with the Group are as follows:


               Name of related parties                                                     Relationship with the Group

               Shanghai Artificial Intelligence Research Institute Co., Ltd.               Associate of the Group
                 (上海人工智能研究院有限公司, “SAIRI”)
               Hangzhou Shang Jing Yun Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.                    Associate of the Group
                 (杭州商警雲智能科技有限公司, “Shang Jing Yun”)
               Beijing Linkface Technology Co., Ltd.                                       Associate of the Group
                 (北京今始科技有限公司, “Linkface”)
               Shangyu Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                                      Associate of the Group
                 (商予科技(北京)有限公司, “Shangyu”)
               Intelligent Computing Cloud (Chongqing) Technology Co., Ltd.                Associate of the Group
                 (智算雲(重慶)科技有限公司, “ICC”)
               Hainan Jason Si Technology Co., Ltd.                                        Associate of the Group
                 (海南傑森思科技有限公司, “Hainan Jason Si”)
               Zhejiang Sunrise Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries      Associate of the Group
                 (浙江曦望智能科技股份有限公司, “Sunrise”)
               Minghan Intelligent (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                                    Associate of the Group
                 (銘翰智能(深圳)有限責任公司, “Minghan Intelligent”)
               SenseTime Dongnan (Fujian) Technology Co., Ltd.                             Associate of the Group
                 (商湯東南(福建)科技有限公司, “Fujian Dongnan”)
               Jiangsu Shang He Yi Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.                        Associate of the Group
                 (江蘇商合一智能科技有限公司, “Shang He Yi”)
               Shanghai Wanwu Shengzhang Technology Development Co., Ltd.                  Associate of the Group
                 (上海萬物昇長技術開發有限公司, “SWS”)
               Shanghai Xuanyang Sports Technology Co., Ltd.                               Associate of the Group
                 (上海玄羊體育科技有限公司, “Xuanyang Sports”)
               Shanghai Bizhi Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.                             Associate of the Group
                 (上海畢至智能科技有限公司, “Bizhi Intelligent”)
               Shenzhen Tian Yuan Xing Technology Co., Ltd.                                Associate of the Group
                 (深圳天元興科技有限公司, “Tian Yuan Xing”)
               Wuxi Imvision Innovation Technology Development Co., Ltd.                   Associate of the Group
                 and its subsidiaries (無錫影微創新科技發展有限公司及
                 其子公司, “Wuxi Imvision”)
               Shanghai Lingang SenseAuto Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. and             Associate of the Group
                 its subsidiaries (上海臨港絕影智能科技有限公司及其子公司,
                 “Lingang SenseAuto”)



                                                                            SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        87
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    33    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
          (a)    Information on related parties and their relationships with the Group are as follows: (continued)


                    Name of related parties                                                 Relationship with the Group

                    Shanghai Yingsu Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.                        Associate of the Group
                      (上海影溯智能科技有限公司, “Yingsu”)
                    Shanghai ACE Robotics Co., Ltd.                                         Associate of the Group
                      (上海大曉無限機器人有限公司, “ACE Robotics”)
                    Shangyun Intelligence (Kunming) Technology Co., Ltd.                    Associate of the Group
                      (商雲智能(昆明)科技有限公司, “Kunming Shangyun”)
                    Chongqing SenseTime Technology Co., Ltd.                                Associate of the Group
                      (重慶商湯科技有限公司, “Chongqing SenseTime”)
                    Shanghai Sensetime Shancui Medical Technology Co., Ltd. and its         Joint venture of the Group
                      subsidiaries (上海商湯善萃醫療科技有限公司及其子公司,
                      “Shanghai Shancui”) (i)
                    Shanghai Lingang Yuanqi Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.                Joint venture of the Group
                      (上海臨港元企智能科技有限公司, “Lingang Yuanqi”)
                    Huangpu Intelligent Computing (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                     Joint venture of the Group
                      (黃埔智算(廣州)有限公司, “Huangpu Intelligent”)
                    Seno China Limited                                                      Joint venture of the Group
                    Hong Kong AI & Data Laboratory Limited                                  Joint venture of the Group
                    Shandong Hoooon Toy Co., Ltd. (山東轟轟智能機器人有限公司,                           Investment with significant
                      “Shandong Hoooon”)                                                      influence
                    Zero Sports AI Beijing Co., Ltd. (賽事之窗(北京)科技有限公司,                       Investment with significant
                      “Zero Sports AI”)                                                       influence
                    Chengdu Lu Xingtong Information Technology Co., Ltd.                    Investment with significant
                      (成都路行通信息技術有限公司, “Lu Xingtong”)                                          influence




88 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


33   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
     (a)   Information on related parties and their relationships with the Group are as follows: (continued)


                 Name of related parties                                               Relationship with the Group

                 Shanghai Sun Vision Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.                  Investment with significant
                   (上海光方迅視智能科技有限公司, “Sun Vision”)                                        influence
                 Shanghai Hengdao Medical Pathology Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.         Investment with significant
                   (上海衡道醫學病理診斷中心有限公司, “Shanghai Hengdao”)                                influence
                 MantisVision Technologies Co., Ltd.                                   Investment with significant
                   (螳螂慧視科技有限公司, “Tanglang”)                                              influence
                 Shanghai Linguniverse Technology Development Co., Ltd.                Investment with significant
                   (上海靈宇宙科技發展有限公司, “Shanghai Linguniverse”)                              influence
                 Zhejiang Helian Network Technology Co., Ltd.                          Investment with significant
                   (浙江禾連網絡科技有限公司, “Zhejiang Helian”)                                     influence
                 Lumos Robotics Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                        Investment with significant
                   (鹿明機器人科技(深圳)有限公司, “Lumos Robotics”)                                   influence
                 Shenzhen ThinkFlow Technology Co., Ltd.                               Investment with significant
                   (深圳想法流科技有限公司, “ThinkFlow”)                                            influence
                 2033 Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries               Investment with significant
                   (二零叁三科技(蘇州)有限公司及其子公司, “2033 Suzhou”)                                  influence
                 Fujian Intelligent Computing Ark Technology Co., Ltd.                 Investment with significant
                   (福建智算方舟科技有限公司, “Fujian Intelligent”)                                  influence
                 Weiye Intelligent Computing (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. (煒燁智算      Investment with significant
                   (北京)科技有限公司, “Weiye Intelligent”)                                      influence


           (i)        Shanghai Shancui has transferred from subsidiaries to joint ventures on January 1, 2026.




                                                                           SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026     89
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    33    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
          In the opinion of the Company’s directors, the related party transactions were conducted in the ordinary course
          of business and based on terms mutually agreed by the underlying parties. Related party transactions of the
          Group during the six months ended June 30, 2026 include:


          (b)    Transactions with related parties
                 (i)    Sale of products or provision of services


                                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                              2026                  2025
                                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

                           ACE Robotics                                                     58,327                        –
                           Lingang SenseAuto                                                55,309                        –
                           Shanghai Shancui                                                  9,811                        –
                           Wuxi Imvision                                                     8,320                        –
                           Yingsu                                                            5,331                        –
                           ThinkFlow                                                           947                        –
                           Sunrise                                                             898                 9,408
                           Kunming Shangyun                                                    820                        –
                           Weiye Intelligent                                                   820                        –
                           Lumos Robotics                                                      620                        –
                           Tian Yuan Xing                                                      376                      94
                           Shangyu                                                             108                      385
                           Xuanyang Sports                                                     100                        –
                           ICC                                                                    –                      7
                           SAIRI                                                                  –                     45
                           Bizhi Intelligent                                                      –                2,979

                                                                                           141,787                12,918




90 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                       Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                     For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


33   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
     (b)   Transactions with related parties (continued)
           (ii)   Purchase of products or services


                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                               2026                 2025
                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

                   Lingang Yuanqi                                            61,813               31,691
                   ACE Robotics                                                8,389                    –
                   Tian Yuan Xing                                              4,998                    –
                   Sun Vision                                                  3,108                 681
                   Lingang SenseAuto                                           1,351                    –
                   Bizhi Intelligent                                            440                     –
                   Shanghai Shancui                                             281                     –
                   Kunming Shangyun                                               47                    –
                   Shanghai Linguniverse                                          20                    –
                   Shandong Hoooon                                                15                   15
                   Shangyu                                                         –                 187

                                                                             80,462               32,574




                                                              SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026      91
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    33    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
          (b)    Transactions with related parties (continued)
                 (iii)   Government grants received on behalf of a related party


                                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

                           Shanghai Hengdao                                                    –                  500


                 (iv)    Key management compensation


                         Key management includes directors (executive and non-executive) and members of the Executive
                         Committee. The compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is
                         shown below:


                                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

                           Wages, salaries and bonuses                                    7,944                8,638
                           Pension costs – defined contribution plans                        68                   108
                           Other social security costs, housing benefits and
                             other employee benefits                                         74                   192
                           Share-based compensation expenses                                 96                1,811

                                                                                          8,182               10,749




92 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                        Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


33   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
     (c)   Balances with related parties
           (i)   Trade receivables


                                                                       June 30, 2026 December 31, 2025
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)

                  Lingang SenseAuto                                          206,998              235,777
                  Wuxi Imvision                                               61,090               78,390
                  ACE Robotics                                                35,878                 8,905
                  Shanghai Shancui                                            20,157                     –
                  Fujian Intelligent                                          11,400               11,400
                  Weiye Intelligent                                             9,416              15,560
                  ThinkFlow                                                     3,554                3,000
                  Shang Jing Yun                                                2,391                2,391
                  Yingsu                                                        1,920                2,488
                  Sun Vision                                                     791                  791
                  Lumos Robotics                                                 658                     –
                  Kunming Shangyun                                               649                  297
                  Huangpu Intelligent                                            500                  500
                  Shangyu                                                        248                  207
                  Bizhi Intelligent                                              130                  280
                  Sunrise                                                        115                  174
                  Xuanyang Sports                                                  26                    –
                  Zhejiang Helian                                                   –                7,700
                  Shanghai Linguniverse                                             –                 364
                  2033 Suzhou                                                       –                 227

                                                                             355,921              368,451
                  Less: provision for impairment                               (7,348)              (8,605)

                                                                             348,573              359,846




                                                               SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026      93
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    33    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
          (c)    Balances with related parties (continued)
                 (ii)    Other receivables – non-trade in nature


                                                                        June 30, 2026 December 31, 2025
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)

                           Chongqing Sense Time                               11,103              9,703
                           Wuxi Imvision                                       8,413              8,869
                           ACE Robotics                                        1,268              3,942
                           Hong Kong AI & Data Laboratory Limited                869               903
                           Sunrise                                                38              3,550
                           Xuanyang Sports                                        37                37
                           Lingang SenseAuto                                      25                25
                           Shanghai Shancui                                       13                  –
                           Yingsu                                                   3              337
                           Linkface                                                 –              666
                           Tian Yuan Xing                                           –              255

                                                                              21,769             28,287
                           Less: provision for impairment                      (1,132)           (1,134)

                                                                              20,637             27,153


                 (iii)   Trade payables


                                                                        June 30, 2026 December 31, 2025
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)

                           ACE Robotics                                        6,960                  –
                           Shanghai Shancui                                    3,811                  –
                           Sun Vision                                            387              2,059
                           Lingang SenseAuto                                     311               355
                           Tian Yuan Xing                                        208                  –
                           Bizhi Intelligent                                      55                30
                           Sunrise                                                  –               78

                                                                              11,732              2,522




94 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                        Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


33   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
     (c)   Balances with related parties (continued)
           (iv)   Other payables


                                                                       June 30, 2026 December 31, 2025
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)

                   Non-trade
                   Shanghai Hengdao                                              500                  500
                   Seno China Limited                                               –                 655


                   Trade
                   Lingang Yuanqi                                             32,171               10,284
                   ACE Robotics                                               20,951                  413
                   Shanghai Shancui                                             5,377                    –
                   Lingang SenseAuto                                            5,159                3,682
                   Sun Vision                                                   2,395                 260
                   Shanghai Linguniverse                                           21                    –
                   Sunrise                                                          –              25,007
                   Chongqing Sense Time                                             –                8,703
                   Tian Yuan Xing                                                   –                2,443
                   Wuxi Imvision                                                    –                 174
                   Bizhi Intelligent                                                –                   60

                                                                              66,574               52,181




                                                               SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026      95
    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026


    33    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
          (c)    Balances with related parties (continued)
                 (v)     Prepayment


                                                                                    June 30, 2026 December 31, 2025
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)

                           Sun Vision                                                         13,125                    –
                           Tian Yuan Xing                                                       531                  2,078
                           Lingang Yuanqi                                                          –                   93

                                                                                              13,656                 2,171


                 (vi)    Contract liabilities


                                                                                   As at June 30, As at December 31,
                                                                                               2026                  2025
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)

                           Shangyu                                                              347                   318
                           Tian Yuan Xing                                                       255                     2
                           ICC                                                                  183                   183
                           Sunrise                                                               99                     –
                           Lu Xingtong                                                           54                    54
                           Bizhi Intelligent                                                     50                     –

                                                                                                988                   557


                         These balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


    34    CONTINGENCIES
          As at June 30, 2026, there were no significant contingencies items for the Group.


    35    EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE
          There were no material subsequent events during the period from July 1, 2026 to the approval date of the interim
          financial information by the Board.




96 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                       Other Information


Directors’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying shares and Debentures of the
Company or any Associated Corporations
As at June 30, 2026, so far as the Directors are aware, the interests or short positions of the Directors and the chief
executive in any Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which have to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which have been taken or deemed to
have been taken under such provisions of the SFO) or which are required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be
entered in the register or which are required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code, were as follows:


Interests in Shares of the Company


                                                                                         Approximate        Approximate
                                                                                        percentage of      percentage of
                                                                                       shareholding of   shareholding in
                                                                                          the relevant    the issued and
                                                                        Number and            class of       outstanding
                                                                            class of     shares in our   share capital of
  Name                                  Nature of interest(1)           shares held        Company(2)     our Company(2)

  Class A Shares – Dr. Xu Li
  XWorld(3)                             Beneficial interest             286,317,668            56.16%              0.68%
                                                                      Class A Shares
  Dr. Xu Li                             Interest in a controlled        286,317,668            56.16%              0.68%
                                          corporation                 Class A Shares
  Class A Shares – Dr. Wang Xiaogang
  Infinity Vision(4)                    Beneficial interest             223,526,705            43.84%              0.53%
                                                                      Class A Shares
  Dr. Wang Xiaogang                     Interest in a controlled        223,526,705            43.84%              0.53%
                                          corporation                 Class A Shares
  Class B Shares – Dr. Xu Li
  Dr. Xu Li(5)                          Beneficial interest            1,170,386,529            2.81%              2.77%
                                                                      Class B Shares
  Class B Shares – Dr. Wang Xiaogang
  Dr. Wang Xiaogang(6)                  Beneficial interest             502,140,243             1.20%              1.19%
                                                                      Class B Shares
  Infinity Vision(4)                    Beneficial interest                8,644,928            0.02%              0.02%
                                                                      Class B Shares
  Dr. Wang Xiaogang                     Interest in a controlled           8,644,928            0.02%              0.02%
                                          corporation                 Class B Shares
  Class B Shares – Mr. Wang Zheng
  Mr. Wang Zheng(7)                     Beneficial interest             194,749,686             0.47%              0.46%
                                                                      Class B Shares



                                                                           SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       97
    Other Information




                                                                                                                      Approximate           Approximate
                                                                                                                     percentage of        percentage of
                                                                                                                    shareholding of      shareholding in
                                                                                                                       the relevant       the issued and
                                                                                                     Number and            class of          outstanding
                                                                                                         class of     shares in our      share capital of
          Name                                             Nature of interest(1)                     shares held        Company(2)       our Company(2)

          Class B Shares – Dr. Lin Dahua
          Dr. Lin Dahua(8)                                 Beneficial interest                     298,441,401               0.72%                   0.71%
                                                                                                 Class B Shares
          Dr. Lin Dahua(9)                                 Interest of spouse                            19,000              0.00%                   0.00%
                                                                                                 Class B Shares
          Class B Shares – Mr. Yang Fan
          Mr. Yang Fan(10)                                 Beneficial interest                     239,002,779               0.57%                   0.57%
                                                                                                 Class B Shares
          Class B Shares – Ms. Fan Yuanyuan
          Ms. Fan Yuanyuan(11)              Interest of spouse                                          500,000              0.00%                   0.00%
                                                                                                 Class B Shares

    Notes:
    (1)         All interests stated are long position.
    (2)         The calculations are based on the number of Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026. As at June 30, 2026, 509,844,373 Class A Shares and
                41,706,746,330 Class B Shares were in issue.
    (3)         The entire interest in XWorld is held by Dr. Xu Li.
    (4)         The entire interest in Infinity Vision is held by Dr. Wang Xiaogang.
    (5)         Such interest includes 600,000,000 underlying Class B Shares in respect of the RSUs granted pursuant to the 2022 RSU Scheme, which has not
                vested as at June 30, 2026.
    (6)         Such interest includes 200,000,000 underlying Class B Shares in respect of the RSUs granted pursuant to the 2022 RSU Scheme, which has not
                vested as at June 30, 2026.
    (7)         Such interest includes (i) 13,080,197 Class B Shares held through SenseTalent; (ii) 21,669,489 share options under the pre-IPO employee
                incentive scheme adopted by the Company dated November 1, 2016 (as amended from time to time) which are exercisable into 21,669,489
                existing Class B Shares held by SenseTalent in accordance with the terms and conditions thereunder; and (iii) 160,000,000 underlying Class B
                Shares in respect of the RSUs granted pursuant to the 2022 RSU Scheme, which has not vested as at June 30, 2026.

    (8)         Such interest includes 200,000,000 underlying Class B Shares in respect of the RSUs granted pursuant to the 2022 RSU Scheme, which has not
                vested as at June 30, 2026.
    (9)         Such 19,000 Class B Shares were held by Ms. Chen Lei, the spouse of Dr. Lin Dahua. Under the SFO, Dr. Lin Dahua is deemed to be interested
                in the same number of Shares in which Ms. Chen Lei is interested.
    (10)        Such interest includes (i) 28,852,469 Class B Shares held through SenseTalent; (ii) 10,150,310 share options under the pre-IPO employee
                incentive scheme adopted by the Company dated November 1, 2016 (as amended from time to time) which are exercisable into 10,150,310
                existing Class B Shares held by SenseTalent in accordance with the terms and conditions thereunder; and (iii) 200,000,000 underlying Class B
                Shares in respect of the RSUs granted pursuant to the 2022 RSU Scheme, which has not vested as at June 30, 2026.

    (11)        Such 500,000 Class B Shares were held by Mr. Yu Jiangtao, the spouse of Ms. Fan Yuanyuan. Under the SFO, Ms. Fan Yuanyuan is deemed to
                be interested in the same number of Shares in which Mr. Yu Jiangtao is interested.

    Interest in associated corporations of the Company


                                                                                                                       Number and          Approximate
                                           Name of associated                          Nature of                          class of        percentage of
          Name                             corporation                                 interest(1)                     shares held         shareholding

          Dr. Xu Li(3)                     Shanghai Bizzhi Intelligent                 Interest in controlled           1,800,000(2)               23.08%
                                             Technology Co., Ltd.                         corporation
          Dr. Wang Xiaogang(4)             Shanghai ACE Robotics                       Interest in controlled           8,000,000(2)                 5.20%
                                             Co., Ltd.                                    corporation


98 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                                                     Other Information




Notes:

(1)        All interests stated are long position.

(2)        The associated corporations do not have issued share capital. The shares refer to every 1 RMB in the registered capital of the associated
           corporations.

(3)        Dr. Xu Li is deemed to be interested in 23.08% of the registered capital of Shanghai Bizzhi Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. through
           TimeSymphony Investment Limited, which is wholly owned by Dr. Xu Li.

(4)        Dr. Wang Xiaogang is deemed to be interested in 5.20% of the registered capital of Shanghai ACE Robotics Co., Ltd. through Dawnshift Robotics
           Investment Limited, which is wholly owned by Dr. Wang Xiaogang.


Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, so far as the Directors are aware, none of the Directors or chief executive
of the Company had any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or
its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which have to be notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which
he is taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which are required, pursuant to section 352 of the
SFO, to be entered into the register referred to therein, or are required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange.

Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying shares of the
Company
As at June 30, 2026, so far as the Directors are aware, other than the Directors and the chief executive, the following
persons had interests and/or short positions (as applicable) in the Shares or underlying shares of the Company that fall
to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
the SFO, and as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

Interests in Shares of the Company


                                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                          Approximate                    percentage of
                                                                                                         percentage of                 shareholding in
                                                                                                        shareholding of                 the issued and
                                                                                            Number and    each class of                    outstanding
                                                                                               class of   shares in our                share capital of
      Name                                           Nature of interest(1)                  shares held     Company(2)                  our Company(2)

      Class B Shares – Amind Inc.
      Amind Inc.(3)                                  Beneficial interest                  6,906,080,602                   16.56%                  16.36%
                                                                                          Class B Shares
      Dr. Yang Qiumei(3)                             Interest in a controlled             6,906,080,602                   16.56%                  16.36%
                                                        corporation                       Class B Shares

Notes:

(1)        All interests stated are long position.

(2)        The calculations are based on the number of Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026. As at June 30, 2026, 509,844,373 Class A Shares and
           41,706,746,330 Class B Shares were in issue.

(3)        As the entire interest of Amind Inc. is held by Dr. Yang Qiumei, Dr. Yang Qiumei is deemed to be interested in the 6,906,080,602 Class B Shares
           held by Amind Inc.

Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, so far as the Directors are aware, no other person (other than the
Directors and chief executives of the Company) had any interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of
the Company which fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

                                                                                                 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026                  99
     Other Information




     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES                                        Administration

     The Company has adopted three share incentive                  The Pre-IPO RSU Plan shall be subject to the
     schemes, including the Pre-IPO RSU Plan, the Pre-IPO           administration of the Board and the management of the
     ESOP and the 2022 RSU Scheme. As at the date of this           Company (the “RSU Administrators”) in accordance with
     interim report, the Board has resolved that no further         the terms and conditions of the Pre-IPO RSU Plan, and
     grant will be made under the Pre-IPO RSU Plan and the          the decision of the Board will be final and binding on all
     Pre-IPO ESOP. However, the subsisting rights of the            parties. The RSU Administrators may, from time to time,
     grantees under the Pre-IPO RSU Plan and the Pre-IPO            select the participants to whom a restricted stock unit
     ESOP remain unaffected.                                        (“RSU Awards”) may be granted.


     Pre-IPO RSU Plan                                               The RSU Administrators have the right to, among others:
                                                                    (i) interpret and construe the provisions of the Pre-IPO
     The following is a summary of the principal terms of the
                                                                    RSU Plan; (ii) determine the persons who will be granted
     Pre-IPO RSU Plan of the Company as approved by the
                                                                    RSU Awards under the Pre-IPO RSU Plan, the terms and
     Board on November 1, 2016 and amended from time
                                                                    conditions on which RSU Awards are granted and when
     to time. As the Pre-IPO RSU Plan involves grant of RSU
                                                                    the RSUs granted pursuant to the Pre-IPO RSU Plan
     Awards which are funded by existing Class B Shares of
                                                                    may be exercised; and (iii) make such other decisions
     the Company, upon the revised Chapter 17 of the Listing
                                                                    or determinations as it shall deem necessary for the
     Rules coming into effect in January 2023, the Pre-IPO
                                                                    administration of the Pre-IPO RSU Plan.
     RSU Plan constitutes a share scheme which is funded by
     existing shares of the Company under Chapter 17 of the
                                                                    Participants
     Listing Rules.
                                                                    The eligible participants in the Pre-IPO RSU Plan (the
     Purpose                                                        “Pre-IPO RSU Participants”) include (i) key management
                                                                    team and key technical staff of the Group who have been
     The purpose of the Pre-IPO RSU Plan is to establish a
                                                                    continuously working in the Group for no less than one
     comprehensive long-term incentive scheme of the Group,
                                                                    year and key core employees who have direct impact
     to motivate, attract and retain talents, and to share the
                                                                    on the Group’s performance and development; and (ii)
     Company’s success with the participants.
                                                                    any other persons who, in the sole opinion of the RSU
                                                                    Administrators, have contributed or will contribute to the
     Effectiveness and Duration
                                                                    Group significantly.
     The original validity period of the Pre-IPO RSU Plan was
     ten years commencing on the adoption date of November
     2, 2016. As disclosed in the announcement of the
     Company dated June 26, 2024 and as of the date of this
     interim report, the Board has resolved that no further grant
     will be made under the Pre-IPO RSU Plan. However, the
     subsisting rights of the grantees under the Pre-IPO RSU
     Plan remain unaffected.




100 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                       Other Information




Maximum number of Shares                                      Rights attached to RSU Awards
                                                              A Pre-IPO RSU Participant does not have any contingent
The maximum number of Shares underlying the Pre-IPO
                                                              interest in any Shares underlying an RSU Award unless
RSU Plan (“RSU Limit”) is 492,327,394 Shares, all of
                                                              and until such Shares are actually transferred to the
which have been issued and held by SenseTalent. The
                                                              Pre-IPO RSU Participant. Unless otherwise determined
RSU Limit represents approximately 1.17% of the total
                                                              by the Board in its entire discretion, the Pre-IPO RSU
issued Shares as at the date of this interim report. There
                                                              Participants may not exercise voting rights in respect of
is no maximum limit of Class B Shares which may be
                                                              the Shares underlying their RSU Awards. The Pre-IPO
awarded to any one Participant under the Pre-IPO RSU
                                                              RSU Participants have the rights to any dividends or
Plan.
                                                              distributions from any Shares underlying an RSU Award.

Terms and Conditions of RSU Award
                                                              Exercise of RSU Awards
Grant of RSU Awards                                           RSU Awards held by the Pre-IPO RSU Participants were
The RSU Administrators may, from time to time, select         exercised on December 30, 2016. The exercise price
the Pre-IPO RSU Participants to whom a grant of an            per RSU Award was HKD0.00007789. Any RSUs or any
RSU Award may be made. The amount of an RSU Award             Share underlying any RSUs shall not be transferred or sold
may be determined at the sole and absolute discretion of      prior to the Listing unless approved by the Board. After the
the RSU Administrators and may differ among selected          Listing, subject to the lock-up period and restrictions set
Pre-IPO RSU Participants.                                     forth under the Pre-IPO RSU Plan and the sole discretion
                                                              of the Board, the Pre-IPO RSU Participants may dispose
Acceptance of RSU Awards                                      of part or all of the Shares underlying their RSU Awards to
If the selected person intends to accept the offer of grant   any third party (other than anyone who, in the opinion of
of RSU Awards as specified in the grant letter, he or she     the RSU Administrators or the Board, are the Company’s
is required to sign the grant notice and return it to the     actual or potential competitors, hostile acquirers,
Company within the time period pursuant to the terms          or anyone who will adversely affect the Company’s
of the Pre-IPO RSU Plan. No consideration is payable          operations) at terms and conditions negotiated between
by the selected person upon the acceptance of an RSU          the Pre-IPO RSU Participants and the transferees.
Award. Upon the receipt from the selected person of a
duly executed grant notice, the RSU Awards are granted        Alteration and Termination of the Pre-IPO RSU Plan
to such person, who becomes a grantee pursuant to the         The terms of the Pre-IPO RSU Plan may be altered or
Pre-IPO RSU Plan.                                             amended in any respect by the Board provided that such
                                                              alteration or amendment shall not affect any subsisting
Conditions of RSU Awards                                      rights of any grantee thereunder. Also, the Pre-IPO RSU
Subject to the terms of the Pre-IPO RSU Plan, the RSU         Plan may be terminated at any time prior to the expiry of
Awards may be granted on such terms and conditions            its term by the Board. As at the date of this interim report,
as the RSU Administrators may determine, provided such        the Board has resolved that no further grant will be made
terms and conditions shall be consistent with any other       under the Pre-IPO RSU Plan, but the subsisting rights of
terms and conditions of the Pre-IPO RSU Plan.                 the grantees will remain unaffected.




                                                                         SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026           101
     Other Information




     RSUs granted under the Pre-IPO RSU Plan                     Pre-IPO ESOP
     Prior to the Reporting Period, the Pre-IPO RSU Plan has     The following is a summary of the principal terms of the
     been fully granted up to its RSU Limit (i.e. 492,327,394    Pre-IPO ESOP of the Company as approved by the Board
     Shares) to a total of 59 grantees (including Directors,     on November 1, 2016 and amended from time to time.
     members of senior management and other connected            Upon the revised Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules coming
     persons of the Company). As disclosed above, all the        into effect in January 2023, the Pre-IPO ESOP constitutes
     RSUs granted were fully exercised by the Pre-IPO RSU        a share scheme which is funded by existing shares of
     Participants on December 30, 2016 and the underlying        the Company under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. For
     Shares were held by SenseTalent on behalf of such           details regarding the Pre-IPO ESOP, please refer to the
     Pre-IPO RSU Participants since the date of such exercise.   section headed “Statutory and General Information –
                                                                 D. Share Incentive Schemes – 2. Pre-IPO ESOP” of the
     Accordingly, during the Reporting Period, no granting,      Prospectus.
     vesting, lapsing or cancellation of RSU has taken place.
     As at December 31, 2025, the aggregate number of            Purpose
     the Class B Shares underlying the Pre-IPO RSU Plan
                                                                 The purpose of the Pre-IPO ESOP is to establish a
     and which remain held by SenseTalent on behalf of the
                                                                 comprehensive long-term incentive scheme of the Group,
     Pre-IPO RSU Participants were 286,151,368 Class B
                                                                 to motivate, attract and retain talents, and to share the
     Shares. As at June 30, 2026, the aggregate number of
                                                                 Company’s success with the participants.
     the Class B Shares underlying the Pre-IPO RSU Plan
     and which remain held by SenseTalent on behalf of the
                                                                 Effectiveness and Duration
     Pre-IPO RSU Participants were 280,454,072, representing
     approximately 0.66% of the issued share capital of the      The original validity period of the Pre-IPO ESOP was ten
     Company as at the date of this interim report.              years commencing on the adoption date of November 2,
                                                                 2016. As disclosed in the announcement of the Company
     Details of RSU Awards granted under the                     dated June 26, 2024 and as of the date of this interim
     Pre-IPO RSU Plan                                            report, the Board has resolved that no further grant will be
                                                                 made under the Pre-IPO ESOP. However, the subsisting
     As of January 1, 2026, the Pre-IPO RSU Plan have
                                                                 rights of the grantees under the Pre-IPO ESOP remain
     been fully granted, vested and exercised up to the RSU
                                                                 unaffected.
     Limit. Therefore, no RSU Awards were granted, vested,
     exercised, lapsed or cancelled during the Reporting
                                                                 Administration
     Period.
                                                                 The Pre-IPO ESOP shall be subject to the administration
                                                                 of the Board and the management of the Company (the
                                                                 “ESOP Administrators”) in accordance with the terms
                                                                 and conditions of the Pre-IPO ESOP, and the decision
                                                                 of the Board will be final and binding on all parties. The
                                                                 ESOP Administrators may, from time to time, select the
                                                                 participants to whom an award in the form of options
                                                                 (“Options”) may be granted.




102 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                      Other Information




The ESOP Administrators have the right to, among              Terms and Conditions of Options
others: (i) interpret and construe the provisions of the
                                                              Grant of Options
Pre-IPO ESOP; (ii) determine the persons who will be
                                                              The ESOP Administrators may determine in each year
granted Options under the Pre-IPO ESOP, the terms and
                                                              whether Options shall be granted and select the Pre-IPO
conditions on which Options are granted and when the
                                                              ESOP Participants to whom a grant of an Option may
Options granted pursuant to the Pre-IPO ESOP may vest;
                                                              be made. The number of Options granted may be
and (iii) make such other decisions or determinations as it
                                                              determined at the sole and absolute discretion of the
shall deem necessary for the administration of the Pre-IPO
                                                              ESOP Administrators and may differ among selected
ESOP.
                                                              Pre-IPO ESOP Participants. No consideration is payable
                                                              by the Pre-IPO ESOP Participants upon the acceptance of
Participants
                                                              an Option.
The eligible participants in the Pre-IPO ESOP (the
“Pre-IPO ESOP Participants”), as determined by the            Rights attached to the Options and the underlying
Board, include (i) key management team, key technical         Shares
staff of the Group and key core employees who                 A Pre-IPO ESOP Participant only has a contingent
have direct impact on the Group’s performance and             interest in the Shares underlying an Option unless and
development and who have been formally employed after         until such Shares are actually transferred to the Pre-IPO
probation and (ii) any other persons who have contributed     ESOP Participant. He/she is not entitled to any right of
significantly to the Group and have significant value to      dividend or other shareholder’s interest or right in respect
the Group. The scope of grantees, specific targets and        of any Options or the underlying Shares before exercise
the number of options to be granted will be determined        of the Options and the completion of the registration of
by the ESOP Administrators with reference to the posts,       the Pre-IPO ESOP Participant as a Shareholder of the
performance and duration of service of each Pre-IPO           Company. No voting right shall be exercisable by the
ESOP Participant.                                             Pre-IPO ESOP Participants in relation to any Options or
                                                              the Shares that are the subject of the Options.
Maximum number of Shares
                                                              Limits on Transfer of Options
Subject to any adjustments for other dilutive issuances,
                                                              Unless otherwise provided in the Pre-IPO ESOP or by
the maximum number of Shares underlying the Options
                                                              applicable law, all Options under the Pre-IPO ESOP are
under the Pre-IPO ESOP (“Pre-IPO ESOP Limit”) is
                                                              non-transferable and shall not be subject, in any manner,
3,376,931,209 Class B Shares, all of which have been
                                                              to sale, transfer, exchange, pledge, encumbrance, debt
issued and are held by SenseTalent. The Pre-IPO ESOP
                                                              repayment or other disposal prior to the time of exercise.
Limit represents approximately 8.00% of the issued share
capital as at the date of this interim report. There is no
maximum limit of Class B Shares which may be awarded
to any one Participant under the Pre-IPO ESOP.




                                                                           SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        103
     Other Information




     Vesting Schedule                                                Alteration and Termination of the Pre-IPO ESOP
     Except for employees who joined the Company on or               The terms of the Pre-IPO ESOP may be altered or
     before December 31, 2015 or otherwise determined by             amended in any respect by the Board provided that such
     the Administrator, the Pre-IPO ESOP Participants shall not      alteration or amendment shall not affect any subsisting
     exercise any Option granted to him/her for a period of one      rights of any grantee thereunder.
     year (the “Waiting Period”) after the date of grant of the
     Options (“Grant Date”).                                         The Pre-IPO ESOP may also be terminated at any time
                                                                     prior to the expiry of its term by our Board provided that
     Subject to the satisfaction of the specific conditions before   such termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of
     any Option may be vested, the Options granted will vest         any grantee thereunder. In such event, no further Options
     in four years, subject to a maximum of 25% each year.           shall be granted. As disclosed in the announcement of the
     The first vesting date will be on the date when the Waiting     Company dated June 26, 2024 and as of the date of this
     Period ends.                                                    interim report, the Board has resolved that no further grant
                                                                     will be made under the Pre-IPO ESOP, but the subsisting
     Exercise of Options                                             rights of the grantees will remain unaffected.

     Exercise Price
                                                                     Options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP
     The exercise price per Option shall be determined by the
                                                                     As at June 30, 2026, 1,141,098,276 Options under the
     ESOP Administrators or any persons authorized by the
                                                                     Pre-IPO ESOP including those which (i) remain unvested;
     ESOP Administrators on the Grant Date with reference
                                                                     (ii) are vested and exercisable but unexercised; and (iii)
     to the fair market value of the Shares and the market
                                                                     have been fully vested and exercised but remained held
     condition, the determination of which shall be final, binding
                                                                     by SenseTalent on behalf of the relevant grantees have
     and conclusive.
                                                                     been granted to 1,692 grantees (including members of
                                                                     senior management and other connected persons of
     Validity Period
                                                                     the Company, but for the avoidance of doubt, does not
     Unless otherwise provided in the Pre-IPO ESOP, the
                                                                     include Directors).
     validity period for the Options granted to the Pre-IPO
     ESOP Participants shall be seven years commencing
                                                                     As at December 31, 2025, the aggregate number of the
     from the Grant Date (the “Validity Period”). Any Options
                                                                     Class B Shares underlying the Pre-IPO ESOP and which
     vested but not exercised within the Validity Period shall
                                                                     remain held by SenseTalent was 1,364,884,312 Class
     become non-exercisable and the underlying Shares shall
                                                                     B Shares. As at June 30, 2026, the aggregate number
     be returned to the Pre-IPO ESOP.
                                                                     of Class B Shares underlying the Pre-IPO ESOP and
                                                                     which remain held by SenseTalent is 1,331,929,236,
     Exercise Method
                                                                     representing approximately 3.15% of the issued share
     The Pre-IPO ESOP Participants may exercise his/her
                                                                     capital of the Company as at June 30, 2026. During the
     Options by serving the exercise notice during the exercise
                                                                     Reporting Period, there was no grants under the Pre-
     period as determined by the ESOP Administrators and
                                                                     IPO ESOP due to its termination and no lapse of Options
     paying the relevant exercise price and the Options shall
                                                                     under the Pre-IPO ESOP. For further details, please refer
     only be exercised by the Pre-IPO ESOP Participants.
                                                                     to the announcement of the Company dated June 26,
                                                                     2024.




104 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                      Other Information




2022 RSU Scheme                                               Administration
The following is a summary of the key terms of the 2022       The 2022 RSU Scheme shall be subject to the
RSU Scheme as approved by the Board on June 20,               administration of the Board in accordance with the terms
2022 and as amended by a Shareholders’ resolution             and conditions therein, and one or more trustee(s) may
dated June 26, 2024. The 2022 RSU Scheme constitutes          be appointed to assist with the administration and vesting
a share scheme under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.         of RSUs granted pursuant to the 2022 RSU Scheme. In
For details regarding the 2022 RSU Scheme, please refer       addition, the Company may establish one or more special
to the announcement of the Company dated June 20,             purpose vehicle(s) for the purpose of holding any Class B
2022, the circular of the Company dated June 4, 2024          Shares and/or the consideration received in accordance
and the poll results announcement of the Company dated        with the terms and conditions of the 2022 RSU Scheme.
June 26, 2024.                                                A trustee and/or any registered holder of any special
                                                              purpose vehicles shall not exercise any voting rights in
Purpose                                                       respect of any Class B Shares held under the relevant
                                                              trust or special purpose vehicles (as the case may be) in
The purpose of the 2022 RSU Scheme is to recognise the
                                                              satisfaction of any unvested RSUs, unless required by law
contributions of the participants, encourage and retain the
                                                              to vote in accordance with the beneficial owner’s direction
participants for the continual operation and development
                                                              and such a direction is given.
of the Group, and to motivate the participants to maximize
the value of the Company for the benefits of both such
                                                              An administrative committee (the “Administrative
participants and the Company.
                                                              Committee”) comprising the chairman of the Board (the
                                                              “Chairman”), one senior officer of the human resources
Effectiveness and Duration
                                                              department and one senior officer of finance department,
Subject to any early termination as may be determined by      as appointed by the Chairman, from time to time, may
the Board pursuant to terms of the 2022 RSU Scheme,           (i) exercise the mandate granted by the Shareholders at
the 2022 RSU Scheme shall be valid and effective for a        general meetings of the Company and direct the Company
period of ten years commencing on the adoption date of        to allot and issue Class B Shares or transfer any treasury
June 20, 2022.                                                shares of the Company in issue to the relevant trustee
                                                              and/or special purpose vehicle subject to compliance with
                                                              any applicable laws and regulations (including but not
                                                              limited to the Listing Rules) and any trust deed; and/or to
                                                              the trustee to be held by the trustee to satisfy the RSUs
                                                              upon vesting; and/or (ii) direct and procure the trustee
                                                              and/or special purpose vehicle to receive existing Class B
                                                              Shares from any Shareholder or purchase existing Class B
                                                              Shares (either on-market or off-market), for the purposes
                                                              of satisfying any RSUs granted or to be granted under the
                                                              2022 RSU Scheme.




                                                                         SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026         105
     Other Information




     Participants                                                        number of Shares in issue as at June 26, 2024
                                                                         (the “Amendment Date”) (excluding any treasury
     The eligible participants in the 2022 RSU Scheme (the
                                                                         shares of the Company), being 3,346,892,500
     “2022 RSU Scheme Participants”) include (i) any
                                                                         Class B Shares (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”).
     employee (whether full time or part time), executives or
                                                                         Any RSUs lapsed in accordance with the 2022
     officers, directors (including executive, non-executive and
                                                                         RSU Scheme and any awards or options lapsed in
     independent non-executive directors) of any member of
                                                                         accordance with any other share schemes of the
     the Group; and (ii) any person who provides services to
                                                                         Company shall not be regarded as utilised for the
     any members of the Group on a continuing or recurring
                                                                         purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit;
     basis in its ordinary and usual course of business
     which are in the interests of the long term growth of the
                                                                   (b)   the maximum number of new Class B Shares
     Group, including but not limited to any person providing
                                                                         which may be allotted and issued in respect of all
     advisory and consultancy services (in connection with,
                                                                         RSUs to be granted under the 2022 RSU Scheme
     among others, research and development of the Group’s
                                                                         and all options and/or awards under any other
     products and services and commercial planning and
                                                                         share schemes of the Company to the Service
     development), sales and marketing services, technology
                                                                         Providers under the Scheme Mandate Limit shall
     services, administrative services, strategic or commercial
                                                                         not exceed 1% of the number of Shares in issue
     planning services, agency and subcontracting services
                                                                         as at the Amendment Date (excluding any treasury
     and technical services, but excluding any placing agents
                                                                         shares of the Company), being 334,689,250 Class
     or financial advisers providing advisory services for
                                                                         B Shares;
     fundraising, mergers or acquisitions or any professional
     service providers such as auditors or valuers who provide
                                                                   (c)   no RSU may be granted to any 2022 RSU Scheme
     assurance or are required to perform their services to
                                                                         Participant if such further grant of RSUs would
     the Group with impartiality and objectivity (“Service
                                                                         result in the Shares issued and to be issued in
     Providers”).
                                                                         respect of any RSUs granted under the 2022
                                                                         RSU Scheme and all awards and options granted
     Scheme Mandate Limit, Service Provider
                                                                         under any other share schemes of the Company
     Sublimit and Individual Limits
                                                                         to any 2022 RSU Scheme Participant (excluding
     Subject to the terms of the 2022 RSU Scheme:                        any RSUs lapsed in accordance with the terms of
                                                                         the 2022 RSU Scheme or any awards or options
     (a)    the maximum number of new Class B Shares                     lapsed in accordance with the terms of any other
            which may be allotted and issued in respect of               share schemes of the Company) in the 12-month
            all restricted share units (“RSUs”) to be granted            period up to and including the date of such
            under the 2022 RSU Scheme and all options                    proposed grant exceeding 1% of the Shares in
            and/or awards under any other share schemes                  issue at the time of such proposed grant;
            of the Company shall not exceed 10% of the




106 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                  Other Information




(d)   where any further grant of RSUs to a 2022 RSU               persons of the Company shall abstain from voting
      Scheme Participant would result in the Shares               in favour on the resolution approving such grant to
      issued and to be issued in respect of any RSUs              the relevant 2022 RSU Scheme Participant; and
      granted under the 2022 RSU Scheme and all
      awards and options granted under any other           (f)    where any further grant of RSUs to an independent
      share schemes of the Company to any 2022                    non-executive Director or a substantial
      RSU Scheme Participant (excluding any RSUs                  Shareholder, or any of their respective associates,
      lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2022             would result in the Shares issued and to be issued
      RSU Scheme or any awards or options lapsed                  in respect of all RSUs granted under the 2022
      in accordance with the terms of any other share             RSU Scheme and all awards and options granted
      schemes of the Company) in the 12-month                     under any other share schemes of the Company
      period up to and including such proposed grant              (excluding any RSUs lapsed in accordance with
      to exceed 1% of the Shares in issue at the time             the terms of the 2022 RSU Scheme, any awards
      of such proposed grant (excluding any treasury              or options lapsed in accordance with the terms of
      shares of the Company), such grant shall be                 any other share schemes of the Company) to such
      separately approved by the Shareholders, and for            person in the 12-month period up to and including
      such purposes, the 2022 RSU Scheme Participant              such grant to exceed 0.1% of the Shares in issue
      and his close associates (or where the 2022                 at the time of such proposed grant (excluding
      RSU Scheme Participant is a connected person,               any treasury shares of the Company), such grant
      his associates) shall abstain from voting on the            must be separately approved by the Shareholders,
      resolution approving such grant to the relevant             and for such purposes, the relevant 2022 RSU
      2022 RSU Scheme Participant;                                Scheme Participant to which the grant is proposed
                                                                  to be made, his associates and all core connected
(e)   where any further grant of RSUs to a Director               persons of the Company shall abstain from voting
      (other than an independent non-executive Director)          in favour on the resolution approving such grant to
      or chief executive of the Company, or any of                the relevant 2022 RSU Scheme Participant.
      their respective associates, would result in the
      Shares issued and to be issued in respect of         As at the Latest Practicable Date, 92,552,703 Class B
      all RSUs granted under the 2022 RSU Scheme           Shares had been issued for the purposes of the 2022
      and all awards granted under any other share         RSU Scheme.
      schemes of the Company (excluding any RSUs
      lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2022      As at January 1, 2026, the number of Class B Shares
      RSU Scheme, any awards lapsed in accordance          which may be granted under the Scheme Mandate Limit
      with the terms of any other share schemes of the     and the Service Provider Sublimit were 1,563,197,578
      Company, and any options) to such person in the      Class B Shares and 327,799,670 Class B Shares
      12-month period up to and including such grant       respectively.
      to exceed 0.1% of the Shares in issue at the time
      of such proposed grant (excluding any treasury       As at June 30, 2026, 2,334,230,636 RSUs have been
      shares of the Company), such grant must be           granted under the 2022 RSU Scheme to participants.
      separately approved by the Shareholders, and for     Following the grant of such RSUs and as at June 30,
      such purposes, the relevant 2022 RSU Scheme          2026 and the date of this interim report, 1,012,661,864
      Participant to which the grant is proposed to        Class B Shares (representing approximately 2.40% of the
      be made, his associates and all core connected       total issued Shares as at June 30, 2026) were available
                                                           for further grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit,
                                                           among which 327,799,670 Class B Shares (representing
                                                           approximately 0.78% of the total issued Shares as at
                                                           June 30, 2026) were available for further grant under the
                                                           Service Provider Sublimit.

                                                                      SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        107
     Other Information




     Terms and Conditions of the 2022 RSU Scheme                  For as long as the Class B Shares are listed on the Stock
     Awards                                                       Exchange, if required by the Stock Exchange or the Listing
                                                                  Rules, the grant of a 2022 RSU Scheme Award shall be
     Grant of 2022 RSU Scheme Awards
                                                                  subject to the compliance with the requisite requirements
     On and subject to the terms of the 2022 RSU Scheme           under the Listing Rules or otherwise required by the Stock
     the Board (in the case of grantees who are Directors         Exchange.
     (the “Senior Grantees”)) or the Chairman (in the case
     of grantees other than Senior Grantees, the “Junior          Vesting Period of the 2022 RSU Scheme Awards
     Grantees”, and together with the Senior Grantees, the        Subject to the terms of the 2022 RSU Scheme, the
     “Grantees”) shall be entitled at any time during the term    specific terms and conditions applicable to each RSU, the
     of the 2022 RSU Scheme to make a grant of awards (the        vesting period shall be determined by the Board (in the
     “2022 RSU Scheme Awards”) to any 2022 RSU Scheme             case of Senior Grantees) or the Chairman (in the case of
     Participant, as the Board or the Chairman (as the case       Junior Grantees), provided that the vesting period for any
     may be) may in its absolute discretion determine. The        RSU shall not be less than 12 months except under the
     amount of RSUs to be granted may be determined at the        specific circumstances as set out below:
     sole and absolute discretion of the Board (in the case of
     Senior Grantees) or the Chairman (in the case of Junior      (a)    granting RSUs to new employees to replace
     Grantees) and may differ among selected 2022 RSU                    the share awards they forfeited (the “Forfeited
     Scheme Participants.                                                Awards”) when leaving their previous employers
                                                                         (including any entity which, as a result of mergers
     Conditions of the 2022 RSU Scheme Awards                            and acquisitions by the Company, became a
     RSUs may be granted on such terms and conditions (such              subsidiary of the Company). The vesting period
     as by linking the vesting of the RSU to the attainment or           for such RSUs will be the same as the remaining
                                                                         vesting period of the Forfeited Awards (which may
     performance of certain objectives or performance targets
                                                                         be less than 12 months);
     by any member of the Group, the Grantee or any group
     of Grantees) as the Board (in the case of Senior Grantees)
                                                                  (b)    granting RSUs to a 2022 RSU Scheme Participant
     or the Chairman (in the case of Junior Grantees) may
                                                                         whose employment or service (as the case may
     determine, provided such terms and conditions shall be
                                                                         be) was terminated due to death, illness, disability
     consistent with any other terms and conditions of the 2022
                                                                         or any force majeure event;
     RSU Scheme. Such performance targets may include,
     but are not limited to, targets that are benchmarked to      (c)    granting RSUs which are subject to
     the business and operational segments of the Group such             performance-based vesting conditions (as opposed
     as research and development, business development,                  to time-based conditions);
     sales and marketing and financial performance of the
     Group, or those relating to individual performance           (d)    granting RSUs that are made in batches during a
     relevant to the 2022 RSU Scheme Participant’s roles and             year for administrative and/or compliance reasons,
     responsibilities, which shall be assessed at the end of             in which case the vesting periods for such RSUs
     the performance period for such target by comparing the             may be shortened to reflect the time from which
     actual performance against the pre-agreed targets. The              the RSUs would have been granted;
     Board (in the case of Senior Grantees) or the Chairman (in
     the case of Junior Grantees) shall have the right to make    (e)    granting RSUs with a mixed or accelerated vesting
     adjustments to the relevant objectives or performance               schedule such that the RSUs may vest evenly over
     targets subsequent to the grant of RSUs, provided that              a period of 12 months; or
     such adjustments shall be considered fair and reasonably
     by the Board (in the case of Senior Grantees) or the         (f)    granting RSUs with a total vesting and holding
     Chairman (in the case of Junior Grantees).                          period of more than 12 months.




108 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                    Other Information




The RSUs which have vested shall be satisfied at the          (b)   in the event of a compromise or arrangement
sole and absolute discretion of the Board (in the case of           between the Company and the Shareholders
Senior Grantees) or the Chairman (in the case of Junior             or its creditors being proposed in connection
Grantees) within a reasonable period from the vesting               with a scheme for the reconstruction of the
date of such RSUs, in whole or in part by either: (a) the           Company or its amalgamation or merger with any
                                                                    other company or companies pursuant to the
Administrative Committee directing and procuring the
                                                                    Companies Act of the Cayman Islands, the Board
relevant trustee and/or special purpose vehicle to transfer
                                                                    may, prior to or immediately upon the meeting of
the Class B Shares underlying the RSUs to the Grantee
                                                                    the Shareholders or creditors considering such
in such manner as determined by it from time to time;
                                                                    compromise or arrangement, determine at its
and/or (b) the Administrative Committee directing and               absolute discretion whether any RSU shall vest
procuring the trustee and/or special purpose vehicle to             prior to the expiry of the vesting period and the
pay to the Grantee in cash an amount which is equivalent            period within which such RSU shall vest. If the
to the market value of the Class B Shares (in which case,           Board determines that such RSU shall vest, it shall
the amount payable to such Grantee shall be the actual              notify the Grantee, and the Company that the RSU
sale proceeds net of any tax, fees, levies or other charges         shall vest prior to the expiry of the vesting period
applicable).                                                        and the period within which such RSU shall vest. In
                                                                    the absence of such determination by the Board,
Unless otherwise provided in the 2022 RSU Scheme,                   the RSUs shall continue to vest in accordance
                                                                    with their respective vesting timetable, provided
any RSU shall vest upon the expiry of the vesting period
                                                                    that upon such compromise, arrangement,
subject to the specific terms and conditions as determined
                                                                    amalgamation or merger becoming effective, all
by the Board (in the case of Senior Grantees) or the
                                                                    RSUs shall, to the extent that they have not been
Chairman (in the case of Junior Grantees), provided that:
                                                                    vested, lapse and determined;

(a)    in the event a general offer for Shares (whether       (c)   in the event a notice is given by the Company to
       by way of voluntary offer, takeover, scheme of               its members to convene a general meeting for
       arrangement or otherwise) is made to all holders of          the purposes of considering, and if thought fit,
       Shares (or all such holders other than the offeror,          approving a resolution to voluntarily wind-up the
       any person controlled by the offeror and any                 Company, the Board may, prior to or immediately
       person acting in association or concert with the             upon the meeting of the Shareholders considering
       offeror), the Board may, prior to or immediately             such resolution, determine at its absolute discretion
       upon the offer becoming or being declared                    whether any RSU shall vest prior to the expiry of
                                                                    the vesting period and the period within which
       unconditional, determine at its absolute discretion
                                                                    such RSU shall vest. If the Board determines
       whether any RSU shall vest prior to the expiry of
                                                                    that such RSU shall vest prior to the expiry of
       the vesting period and the period within which
                                                                    the vesting period, it shall notify the Grantee, and
       such RSU shall vest. If the Board determines
                                                                    the Company that the RSU shall vest prior to the
       that such RSU shall vest prior to the expiry of the          expiry of the vesting period and the period within
       vesting period, it shall notify the Grantee, and the         which such RSU shall vest. In the absence of
       Company that the RSU shall vest and the period               such determination by the Board, the RSUs shall
       within which such RSU shall vest. In the absence             continue to vest in accordance with their respective
       of such determination by the Board, the RSUs shall           vesting timetable, provided that all RSUs shall, to
       continue to vest in accordance with their respective         the extent that they have not been vested, lapse
       vesting timetable;                                           immediately on the date of the commencement of
                                                                    the voluntary winding-up of the Company; and




                                                                        SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026          109
     Other Information




     (d)    the Board may, in its absolute discretion and on        vehicle; and (ii) the Board (in the case of Senior Grantees)
            any terms and conditions as it thinks fit, accelerate   or the Chairman (in the case of Junior Grantees) shall have
            the vesting period of all or any RSUs at any time       the sole and absolute discretion to determine that any
            subject to the applicable terms and conditions in       cash or non-cash income, dividends or distributions and/or
            connection with such RSUs.                              the sale proceeds of non-cash and non-scrip distributions
                                                                    derived from any Shares underlying a RSU prior to vesting
     Consideration and Basis of Consideration                       of the RSU shall also be paid to any Grantee upon vesting
     The consideration (if any) payable by a selected 2022 RSU      of the RSUs.
     Scheme Participant to the relevant trustee and/or special
     purpose vehicle for acceptance and/or vesting of the           Lapsing of the 2022 RSU Scheme Awards
     RSU under the 2022 RSU Scheme and the period within            The unvested RSUs shall automatically lapse upon the
     which such consideration shall be paid by a selected           earliest of: (a) the date on which the 2022 RSU Scheme
     2022 RSU Scheme Participant shall be determined at the         Participant ceases to be an eligible 2022 RSU Scheme
     sole and absolute discretion of the Board (in the case of      Participant; (b) the expiry of any of the periods or the
     Senior Grantees) or the Chairman (in the case of Junior        occurrence of the relevant event referred to in the
     Grantees). Such consideration (if any) shall be determined     paragraph “Vesting Period”; (c) an order for the winding-up
     taking into account the prevailing market price of the Class   of the Company is made or a resolution is passed for the
     B Shares, the purposes of the 2022 RSU Scheme and the          voluntary winding-up of the Company; (d) the date on
     RSUs to be granted, the profile of the relevant Participant,   which the Grantee commits a breach of the restrictions; (e)
     and such other factors as the Board (in the case of the        the date on which the 2022 RSU Scheme Participants are
     Senior Grantees) or the Chairman (in the case of Junior        found to be an Excluded Person; (f) the date on which it
     Grantees) may deem relevant.                                   is no longer possible to satisfy any outstanding conditions
                                                                    to vesting; or (g) the Board has decided that the unvested
     Rights of the Participants                                     RSUs shall not be vested for the Grantee in accordance
     The RSUs do not carry any right to vote general meetings       with the rules of the 2022 RSU Scheme and the terms
     of the Company. No Grantees shall enjoy any of the rights      and conditions as set out in the notice of grant.
     of a Shareholder by virtue of the grant of an RSU under
     the 2022 RSU Scheme, unless and until the Class B              Alteration and Termination of the 2022 RSU Scheme
     Shares underlying the RSUs are actually transferred to or      Subject to the terms of the 2022 RSU Scheme, the terms
     allotted or issued to (as the case may be) to the Grantees     of the 2022 RSU Scheme may be altered, amended or
     following the vesting of such RSUs, provided that (i) the      waived in any respect by the Board provided that such
     Board (in the case of Senior Grantees) or the Chairman         alteration, amendment or waiver shall not affect any
     (in the case of Junior Grantees) shall have the sole and       subsisting rights of any Grantee thereunder. The 2022
     absolute discretion to determine that any Grantee shall        RSU Scheme may be terminated at any time prior to
     be entitled to exercise the voting rights in any Class B       the expiry of its term by the Board provided that such
     Shares held by a trustee and/or a special purpose vehicle      termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of any
     for the purpose of satisfying any vested RSUs held by          Grantee thereunder.
     such Grantee through the trustee and/or special purpose




110 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                                                     Other Information




RSUs granted under the 2022 RSU Scheme
Details of outstanding RSUs over new shares of the Company at the beginning and at the end of the Reporting Period
which have been granted under the 2022 RSU Scheme are as follows:


                                             Outstanding at         Number of          Number of          Number of         Number of      Outstanding at
                                              December 31,       share options      share options     share options      share options            June 30,
      Grantees                                         2025            granted          exercised             lapsed          cancelled               2026

      Category 1: Directors(1)                1,360,000,000                   0                  0                  0                  0    1,360,000,000
      Dr. XU Li                                 600,000,000                   0                  0                  0                  0      600,000,000
      Dr. WANG Xiaogang                         200,000,000                   0                  0                  0                  0      200,000,000
      Dr. Lin Dahua                             200,000,000                   0                  0                  0                  0      200,000,000
      Mr. Yang Fan                              200,000,000                   0                  0                  0                  0      200,000,000
      Mr. Wang Zheng                            160,000,000                   0                  0                  0                  0      160,000,000
      Category 2: Other Grantees  (2)
                                                399,257,764        550,535,714        (92,552,703)       (13,969,162)                  0      843,271,613
                                               287,171,584(3)                 0       (92,552,703)        (6,604,280)                  0      188,014,601
                                               112,086,180(4)                 0                  0        (5,141,825)                  0      106,944,355
                                                         0(5)      312,237,629                   0        (1,062,629)                  0      311,175,000
                                                         0 (6)
                                                                   238,298,085                   0        (1,160,428)                  0      237,137,657

      Total all categories                    1,759,257,764        550,535,714        (92,552,703)       (13,969,162)                  0    2,203,271,613


Notes:

(1)         These restricted share units were conditionally granted on September 4, 2025 and subsequently approved by the shareholders on September
            29, 2025. The restricted share units will vest semi-annually during the period from 2026 to 2031, provided that the first vesting date shall be no
            less than 12 months from the grant date. No purchase price or vesting price is payable for the restricted share units so granted. The vesting of
            these restricted share units is subject to the achievement of performance targets to be determined by the Board or its authorised representatives
            in their absolute discretion. Such performance targets are based on the performance of the Group and its relevant business units, as well as other
            management indicators and/or other appropriate metrics, and shall be assessed by the Board or its authorised representatives from time to time.
            The closing prices of the Class B Shares on the Stock Exchange immediately prior to the date of the grant announcement (being September 4,
            2025) and the date of shareholders’ approval (being September 29, 2025) were HK$2.05 and HK$2.62, respectively. For the detailed information
            of the restricted share units granted during the Reporting Period, please refer to Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

            For details of these grants, please refer to the Company’s announcement and circular dated September 4, 2025.

(2)         As at June 30, 2026, the number of outstanding RSUs is 843,271,613 shares. Such RSUs were granted on March 27, 2025, October 30, 2025,
            January 2, 2026 or April 21, 2026, with a vesting period from approximately 1 year to 5.83 years, and vesting price of HK$0. The vesting of these
            RSUs are subject to fulfilment of specific conditions (including performance targets based on the performance and other management indicators
            and/or other appropriate indicators of the Group and its relevant departments). For the detailed information of the RSUs granted during the
            Reporting Period, please refer to Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

(3)         The closing price of the Class B Shares on the Stock Exchange immediately before the date on which the grant was made was HK$1.59 (the
            grant date being March 27, 2025).

(4)         The closing price of the Class B Shares on the Stock Exchange immediately before the date on which the grant was made was HK$2.44 (the
            grant date being October 30, 2025).

(5)         The closing price of the Class B Shares on the Stock Exchange immediately before the date on which the grant was made was HK$2.20 (the
            grant date being January 2, 2026).

(6)         The closing price of the Class B Shares on the Stock Exchange immediately before the date on which the grant was made was HK$2.05 (the
            grant date being April 21, 2026).



                                                                                                 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026                      111
     Other Information




     Percentage of weighted average number of                      As at June 30, 2026, the WVR Beneficiaries were Dr. Xu
     shares                                                        Li and Dr. Wang Xiaogang.

     The total number of Class B Shares that may be issued in
                                                                   (1)    Dr. Xu Li beneficially owned 286,317,668 Class
     respect of options or awards granted under the Pre-IPO
                                                                          A Shares and 570,386,529 Class B Shares,
     RSU Plan, the Pre-IPO ESOP and the 2022 RSU Scheme
                                                                          representing approximately 7.34% of the voting
     of the Company (being the 3,254,339,797 Class B Shares
                                                                          rights in the Company on resolutions in general
     which may be issued under the 2022 RSU Scheme, as
                                                                          meetings of the Company (except for resolutions
     each of the Pre-IPO RSU Plan and the Pre-IPO ESOP
                                                                          in relation to the Reserved Matters, in relation to
     does not involve issue of new Shares, and taking into
                                                                          which each Share carries one vote). In addition, Dr.
     account 92,552,703 new Class B Shares for the vesting
                                                                          Xu Li is interested in 600,000,000 underlying Class
     of RSUs under the 2022 RSU Scheme during the
                                                                          B Shares in respect of the RSUs granted pursuant
     Reporting Period) during the Reporting Period divided by
                                                                          to the 2022 RSU Scheme, which has not vested as
     the weighted average number of total Shares in issue for
                                                                          at June 30, 2026 (and therefore the voting rights of
     the Reporting Period is 7.92%.
                                                                          which are not exercisable by Dr. Xu Li). The Class
                                                                          A Shares beneficially owned by Dr. Xu Li were held
     Weighted Voting Rights
                                                                          by XWorld, a company wholly owned by Dr. Xu Li,
     The Company adopts a weighted voting rights structure.               and the Class B Shares were directly held by Dr.
     Under the structure, the Company’s share capital                     Xu Li.
     comprises Class A Shares and Class B Shares. Each
     Class A Share entitles the holder to exercise 10 votes,       (2)    Dr. Wang Xiaogang beneficially owned
     and each Class B Share entitles the holder to exercise               223,526,705 Class A Shares and 310,785,171
     one vote, respectively, on any resolution tabled at general          Class B Shares, representing approximately 5.44%
     meetings, except for resolutions with respect to a limited           of the voting rights in the Company on resolutions
     number of Reserved Matters, in relation to which each                in general meetings of the Company (except for
     Share is entitled to one vote.                                       resolutions in relation to the Reserved Matters,
                                                                          in relation to which each Share carries one vote).
     The WVR Structure enables the WVR Beneficiaries to                   All the Class A Shares and 8,644,928 Class B
     exercise voting control over the Company notwithstanding             Shares beneficially owned by Dr. Wang Xiaogang
     the WVR Beneficiaries do not hold a majority economic                were held by Infinity Vision, a company wholly
     interest in its share capital. This enables the Company to           owned by Dr. Wang Xiaogang, and the remaining
     benefit from the continuing vision and leadership of the             302,140,243 Class B Shares were directly held
     WVR Beneficiaries, who will control the Company with a               by Dr. Wang Xiaogang. In addition, Dr. Wang
     view to its long-term prospects and strategy.                        Xiaogang is interested in 200,000,000 underlying
                                                                          Class B Shares in respect of the RSUs granted
                                                                          pursuant to the 2022 RSU Scheme, which has
                                                                          not vested as at June 30, 2026 (and therefore the
                                                                          voting rights of which are not exercisable by Dr.
                                                                          Wang Xiaogang).




112 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                        Other Information




As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated June         Shareholders and prospective investors are advised to
26, 2025, Mr. Xu Bing stepped down as an executive            be aware of the potential risks of investing in companies
Director and the secretary of the Board following the         with weighted voting rights structures, in particular that
conclusion of the 2025 AGM, and the weighted voting           interests of the WVR Beneficiaries may not necessarily
rights of the 104,190,097 Class A Shares held by Mr.          always be aligned with those of our Shareholders as
Xu Bing through Vision Worldwide Enterprise Inc. has          a whole, and that the WVR Beneficiaries will be in a
ceased and shall be converted into Class B Shares on          position to exert significant influence over the affairs of our
one-to-one basis. Such one-to-one conversion has been         Company and the outcome of shareholders’ resolutions,
completed on January 16, 2026. Immediately following the      irrespective of how other Shareholders vote. Prospective
completion of such conversion, there were 509,844,373         investors should make the decision to invest in the
                                                              Company only after due and careful consideration.
Class A Shares and 39,914,193,627 Class B Shares in
issue.
                                                              Continuing Disclosure Obligations Pursuant to
                                                              the Listing Rules
Class A Shares may be converted into Class B Shares on
a one to one ratio. Upon the conversion of all the issued     Save as disclosed in this interim report, the Company
and outstanding Class A Shares into Class B Shares, the       does not have any other disclosure obligations under
Company will issue 509,844,373 Class B Shares,                Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.
representing approximately 1.22% of the total number of
issued and outstanding Class B Shares as at June 30,          Changes in Directors’ and Chief Executive’s
2026 and the date of this interim report.                     Information
                                                              Save as disclosed below, there is no change in the
The weighted voting rights attached to the Class A Shares     Directors’ and chief executive’s information which is
will cease when the WVR Beneficiaries do not have             required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
beneficial ownership of any Class A Shares, in accordance     Listing Rules:
with Rule 8A.22 of the Listing Rules. This may occur:
                                                              (i)     Prof. Xue Lan ceased to be an independent non-
(1)    upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances
                                                                      executive director of Neusoft Corporation (東
       set out in Rule 8A.17 of the Listing Rules, in
                                                                      軟集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the
       particular where all of the WVR Beneficiaries
                                                                      Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600718),
       are: (1) deceased; (2) no longer members of our
                                                                      with effect from May 2026.
       Board; (3) deemed by the Stock Exchange to be
       incapacitated for the purpose of performing his        (ii)    Prof. Xue Lan ceased to be the vice chairman of
       duties as directors; or (4) deemed by the Stock                the board of Chinese Association of Science of
       Exchange to no longer meet the requirements of                 Science and S&T Policy (CASSSP) (中國科學學與
       directors set out in the Listing Rules;                        科技政策研究會) with effect from December 2025.
(2)    when the holders of Class A Shares have
       transferred to other persons the beneficial            (iii)   Prof. Xue Lan ceased to be a member of the
                                                                      United Nations Internet Governance Forum (IGF)
       ownership of, or economic interest in, all of the
                                                                      Leadership Panel earlier in 2026.
       Class A Shares or the control over the voting rights
       attached to them, other than in the circumstances
                                                              (iv)    Mr. Lyn Frank Yee Chon served as an independent
       permitted by Rules 8A.18 of the Listing Rules;
                                                                      non-executive director of Bright Smart Securities
(3)    where the vehicles holding Class A Shares on                   & Commodities Group Limited, a company listed
       behalf of both WVR Beneficiaries no longer comply              on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1428), from
       with Rule 8A.18(2) of the Listing Rules; or                    March 2026 to August 2026.

(4)    when all of the Class A Shares have been
       converted to Class B Shares.

                                                                          SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026            113
     Other Information




     (v)    Mr. Lyn Frank Yee Chon was appointed as an              and efficient overall strategic planning for the Group. The
            independent non-executive director of Metis             Board considers that the balance of power and authority
            TechBio Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Stock        for the present arrangement will not be impaired and this
            Exchange (stock code: 7666), with effect from May       structure will enable the Company to make and implement
            2026.                                                   decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will continue
                                                                    to review and consider splitting the roles of executive
     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s                  chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of
     Listed Securities                                              the Company at a time when it is appropriate by taking
                                                                    into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.
     During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor
     any of its subsidiaries or consolidated affiliated entities
                                                                    Interim Dividend
     purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
     securities listed on the Stock Exchange (including any sale    The Board has resolved not to declare an interim dividend
     of treasury shares).                                           for the six months ended June 30, 2026 (June 30, 2025:
     Compliance with the Corporate Governance                       Nil).
     Code
                                                                    Directors’ Securities Transactions
     The Company is committed to achieving high standards
     of corporate governance with a view to safeguarding            The Board has adopted the Model Code as the code

     the interests of the Shareholders. The principles of the       of conduct regulating Directors’ dealings in securities of

     Company’s corporate governance are to promote effective        the Company. In response to specific enquiries made

     internal control measures, to enhance transparency of the      by the Board, all Directors confirmed that they have

     work of the Board, and to strengthen accountability to all     complied with the provisions of the Model Code during the

     the Shareholders.                                              Reporting Period.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company has complied          Audit Committee
     with the corporate governance requirements under the           The Audit Committee (comprising two independent
     Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to            non-executive Directors, Mr. Lyn Frank Yee Chon
     the Listing Rules save for code provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of   (being the chairman of the Audit Committee) and Mr.
     the Corporate Governance Code as discussed below.              Chiu Duncan; and the non-executive Director, Ms. Fan
                                                                    Yuanyuan) has reviewed the unaudited interim condensed
     Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of the              consolidated financial information of the Group for the
     Corporate Governance Code, companies listed on                 Reporting Period.
     the Stock Exchange are expected to comply with, but
     may choose to deviate from the requirement that the            The Audit Committee has also discussed matters in
     responsibilities between the chairman and the chief            relation to the accounting policies and practices adopted
     executive officer should be segregated and should not be       by the Company, risk management, internal control and
     performed by the same individual. The Company does             financial reporting with senior management members and
     not have a separate chairman and chief executive officer       the Auditor.
     and Dr. Xu Li currently performs these two roles. The
     Board believes that vesting the roles of both executive        Other Board Committees
     chairman of the Board and chief executive officer in
                                                                    In addition to the Audit Committee, the Company has
     the same person has the benefit of ensuring consistent
                                                                    also established a nomination committee, a remuneration
     leadership within the Group and enables more effective
                                                                    committee and a corporate governance committee.



114 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                   Other Information




Corporate Governance Committee                               •   Reviewed the written confirmation provided by
                                                                 the WVR Beneficiaries that (a) they have been
The Company has established the Corporate Governance
                                                                 members of the Board throughout the year and
Committee in compliance with Rule 8A.30 of the Listing
                                                                 that no matters under Rule 8A.17 of the Listing
Rules. The primary duties of the Corporate Governance
                                                                 Rules have occurred during the year ended
Committee are to (i) ensure that the Company is operated
                                                                 December 31, 2025; and (b) they have complied
and managed for the benefit of all Shareholders and (ii)
                                                                 with Rules 8A.14, 8A.15, 8A.18 and 8A.24 of the
ensure the Company’s compliance with the Listing Rules
                                                                 Listing Rules throughout the year ended December
and safeguards relating to the weighted voting rights
                                                                 31, 2025.
structures of the Company.

                                                             •   Reviewed and monitored the management of
As at the Latest Practicable Date, the Corporate
                                                                 conflicts of interests between the Company, its
Governance Committee comprises three independent
                                                                 subsidiary and its consolidated affiliated entities
non-executive Directors, namely Prof. Xue Lan, Mr. Lyn
                                                                 and/or Shareholder on one hand and any WVR
Frank Yee Chon and Mr. Chiu Duncan. Prof. Xue Lan is
                                                                 Beneficiary on the other.
the chairperson of the Corporate Governance Committee.

                                                             •   Reviewed and monitored all risks related to the
During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the
                                                                 weighted voting rights structure.
Corporate Governance Committee has convened 1
meeting and performed the following major tasks:
                                                             •   Reviewed the training and continuous professional
                                                                 development of Directors and senior management,
•      Reviewed and monitored the Company’s policies
                                                                 in particular training relating to requirements
       and practices on corporate governance and on
                                                                 under Chapter 8A of the Listing Rules and
       compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
                                                                 risks associated with the weighted voting rights
       and made recommendations to the Board as
                                                                 structure.
       appropriate. The policies reviewed include the
       code for securities transactions by Directors
                                                             •   Made a recommendation to the Board as to the
       and relevant employees, the board diversity
                                                                 appointment or removal of the compliance advisor.
       policy, the shareholders’ communication policy,
       the procedures for nomination of Directors by
       Shareholders, the anti-corruption policy, the
       dividend policy and other corporate governance
       policies.


•      Reviewed the Company’s compliance with the
       Corporate Governance Code, the Company’s
       disclosure in this interim report and the Company’s
       disclosure as required under Chapter 8A of the
       Listing Rules.




                                                                     SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026        115
     Other Information




     In particular, the Corporate Governance Committee            its Shareholders as a whole, (iii) any Directors who have
     has confirmed to the Board it is of the view that the        a conflict of interest abstain from voting on the relevant
     Company has adopted sufficient corporate governance          board resolution, and (iv) the Compliance Advisor is
     measures to manage the potential conflict of interest        consulted on any matters related to transactions involving
     between the Company, its subsidiary and its consolidated     the WVR Beneficiaries or a potential conflict of interest
     affiliated entities and/or Shareholder on one hand and       between the Group and any WVR Beneficiary. The
     any WVR Beneficiary on the other, so as to ensure            Corporate Governance Committee recommended the
     that the operations and management of the Company            Board to continue the implementation of these measures
     are in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole          and to periodically review their efficacy towards these
     indiscriminately. These measures include the Corporate       objectives.
     Governance Committee (a) reviewing and monitoring
     transactions contemplated to be entered into by the          Having reviewed the remuneration and terms of
     Group and making a recommendation to the Board on            engagement of the Compliance Advisor, the Corporate
     any matter where there is a potential conflict of interest   Governance Committee confirmed to the Board that it was
     between the Company, its subsidiary and its consolidated     not aware of any factors that would require it to consider
     affiliated entities and/or Shareholder on one hand and       either the removal of the current Compliance Advisor or
     any WVR Beneficiary on the other, and (b) ensuring that      the appointment of a new Compliance Advisor. As a result,
     (i) any connected transactions are disclosed and dealt       the Corporate Governance Committee recommended that
     with in accordance with the requirements of the Listing      the Board retain the services of the Compliance Advisor of
     Rules, (ii) the terms of connected transactions are fair     the Company.
     and reasonable and in the interest of the Company and




116 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                     Definitions


In this interim report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expression shall have the meanings set out
below:


“2022 RSU Scheme”                    the restricted share unit scheme of the Company adopted by the Board on June
                                     20, 2022 and as amended by a Shareholders’ resolution dated June 26, 2024


“Articles” or “Articles of           the twenty-third amended and restated articles of association of the Company,
  Association”                       adopted by special resolutions of the shareholders of the Company dated June 23,
                                     2023, and as amended from time to time


“Audit Committee”                    the audit committee of the Company


“Auditor”                            PricewaterhouseCoopers, the independent auditor of the Company


“Board”                              the board of Directors of the Company


“BVI”                                the British Virgin Islands


“Class A Share(s)”                   class A ordinary shares of the share capital of the Company with a par value of
                                     US$0.000000025 each, conferring weighted voting rights in the Company such
                                     that a holder of a Class A Share is entitled to 10 votes per share on any resolution
                                     tabled at the Company’s general meeting, save for resolutions with respect to any
                                     Reserved Matters, in which case they shall be entitled to one vote per share


“Class B Share(s)”                   class B ordinary shares of the share capital of the Company with a par value of
                                     US$0.000000025 each, conferring a holder of a Class B Share one vote per share
                                     on any resolution tabled at the Company’s general meeting


“Company”                            SenseTime Group Inc. (商湯集團股份有限公司), an exempted company
                                     incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands with limited liability, the issued
                                     Class B Shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
                                     codes: 0020 (HKD counter) and 80020 (RMB counter))


“Compliance Advisor”                 Haitong International Capital Limited, being the compliance advisor of the Company


“Corporate Governance Code”          the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


“Director(s)”                        the director(s) of the Company


“Dr. Wang Xiaogang”                  Dr. Wang Xiaogang (王曉剛), the Company’s co-founder, executive Director, chief
                                     scientist and a WVR Beneficiary




                                                                           SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026       117
     Definitions




     “Dr. Xu Li”                      Dr. Xu Li (徐立), the Company’s co-founder, executive Chairman of the Board,
                                      executive Director, chief executive officer and a WVR Beneficiary


     “Excluded Person”                (i) at the time of the proposed grant of RSU under the 2022 RSU Scheme, any
                                      connected person of the Company, other than directors or substantial shareholders
                                      of any member of the Group, who did not notify the Company that they were
                                      connected person of the Company or (ii) any 2022 RSU Scheme Participant who
                                      is resident in a place where the award of the RSUs and/or the vesting and transfer
                                      of the Shares underlying the vested RSUs pursuant to the terms of the 2022 RSU
                                      Scheme is not permitted under the laws and regulations of such place such that
                                      in the view of the Board or the Chairman, compliance with applicable laws and
                                      regulations in such place makes it necessary or expedient to exclude such 2022
                                      RSU Scheme Participant


     “Group”, “SenseTime” or “we”     the Company and its subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities


     “HKD”                            Hong Kong Dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


     “Hong Kong”                      Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


     “IFRS”                           International Financial Reporting Standards


     “Independent Third Party(ies)”   individual(s) or company(ies) who or which, to the best of the Director’s knowledge
                                      having made all due and careful enquiries, is/are independent from and not
                                      connected with (within the meaning of the Listing Rules) any Director, chief executive
                                      or substantial shareholder (within the meaning of the Listing Rules) of the Company,
                                      its subsidiaries or any of their respective associates


     “Infinity Vision”                Infinity Vision Enterprise Inc., a business company incorporated under the laws of
                                      BVI with limited liability, which is wholly-owned by Dr. Wang Xiaogang


     “JPY”                            Japanese Yen, the lawful currency of Japan


     “Latest Practicable Date”        September 15, 2026, being the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this
                                      interim report, for the purpose of ascertaining certain information contained in this
                                      interim report


     “Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange


     “Memorandum” or                  the amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company, adopted
       “Memorandum of Association”    by special resolutions of the shareholders of the Company dated June 23, 2023,
                                      and as amended from time to time




118 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                 Definitions




“Model Code”         the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers, as set out
                     in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules


“PRC” or “China”     the People’s Republic of China


“Pre-IPO ESOP”       the pre-IPO employee incentive scheme adopted by the Company on November 1,
                     2016 as amended from time to time


“Pre-IPO RSU Plan”   the pre-IPO restricted share units plan adopted by the Company on November 1,
                     2016 as amended from time to time


“Reporting Period”   the six months ended June 30, 2026


“Reserved Matters”   those matters resolutions with respect to which each Share is entitled to one vote
                     at general meetings of the Company pursuant to the Articles of Association, being:
                     (i) any amendment to the Memorandum of Association or Articles of Association; (ii)
                     the variation of rights attached to any class of shares; (iii) the appointment, election
                     or removal of any independent non-executive Director; (iv) the appointment, election
                     or removal of the Company’s auditor; and (v) the voluntary liquidation or winding-up
                     of the Company


“RMB”                Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“SenseTalent”        SenseTalent Management Limited, a business company incorporated under the
                     laws of BVI with limited liability holding our ordinary Shares pursuant to the Pre-IPO
                     ESOP and the Pre-IPO RSU Plan


“SFO”                the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                     amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“SGD”                Singapore Dollars, the lawful currency of Singapore


“Share(s)”           the Class A Shares and Class B Shares in the share capital of our Company, as the
                     context so requires


“Shareholder(s)”     the holder(s) of Share(s)


“Stock Exchange”     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“USD”                United States Dollars, the lawful currency of the United States




                                                           SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026           119
     Definitions




     “Vision Worldwide”             Vision Worldwide Enterprise Inc., a business company incorporated under the laws
                                    of BVI with limited liability which is wholly-owned by Mr. Xu Bing


     “WVR Beneficiary(ies)”         has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and unless the context
                                    otherwise requires, refers to Dr. Xu Li, and Dr. Wang Xiaogang, being holders of the
                                    Class A Shares, entitling each to weighted voting rights


     “WVR Structure”                has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules


     “XWorld”                       XWORLD Enterprise Inc., a business company incorporated under the laws of BVI
                                    with limited liability which is wholly-owned by Dr. Xu Li




120 SENSETIME GROUP INC. | INTERIM REPORT 2026
