(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)
(Stock Code : 00656)
   Steady Progress
   Focusing on Core Business
   In 2023, Fosun continued to implement core business-focused strategy and improve its operating capabilities in advantageous
   industries. During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved a total revenue of RMB198.2 billion, representing a year-on-year
   increase of 8.6%. Thanks to the Group’s long-term global business presence and continuous innovation, industrial operation
   profit reached RMB4.9 billion, representing an increase of 20.4% as compared to 2022 under the same basis. The profit
   attributable to owners of the parent was RMB1.38 billion.

   Meanwhile, Fosun continued to optimize its debt structure and strengthen liquidity management to prepare for the next
   phase of steady development. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the consolidated interest-bearing debt decreased by
   RMB15 billion and interest-bearing debt at the group level decreased by RMB9.2 billion as compared with the end of 2022,
   total debt continued to reduce both at consolidated statements of the Group and at the group level. The total debt-to-capital
   ratio at the consolidated statements of the Group stood at 50.4%, representing a decrease of 2.9 percentage points from
   31 December 2022. In May 2023, the international credit rating agency S&P raised Fosun’s rating outlook to “stable”,
   recognizing Fosun’s financial strategy and the sustainability of its future development.

   After more than a decade of efforts, Fosun has gradually completed its global expansion and industrial business presence,
   anchoring itself in the household consumption sector. Fosun’s industry operations strategy has also evolved from “prospecting”
   and “exploration” across various industries and locations worldwide to “deep mining” (which means focusing on the
   development of its core industries) and “developing good mines” (which means tapping into industries with high value-
   added development and growth potential). Fosun will continue to develop the industries where it has already established a
   presence, enhancing certainty and making stable profit growth as the core objective of Fosun’s future operations. In 2023,
   Fosun continued its “deep mining” and further deepened its global operations. Fosun now has established business presence
   in over 35 countries and regions. Its “global organization + local operations” model has become increasingly mature. In 2023,
   Fosun’s overseas revenue reached RMB89.2 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 6% and accounting for 45% of the
   total revenue.

   In the Health segment, HANQUYOU (trastuzumab for injection), independently developed and produced by Shanghai Henlius,
   has been approved for marketing in more than 40 countries and regions worldwide, making it the domestically-produced
   biosimilar drug with the highest number of market approvals. In December 2023, Shanghai Henlius’ first innovative drug
   HANSIZHUANG (serplulimab injection) was approved for marketing in Indonesia, becoming the first domestically-produced
   anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody successfully approved for marketing in a Southeast Asian country. In the Happiness segment,
   as at the end of 2023, Club Med had sales and marketing operations in more than 40 countries and regions across six
   continents, and operated 68 resorts (including 10 resorts in China). The Yuyuan Garden Lantern Festival, a national intangible
   cultural heritage event that has been held for 29 consecutive years, successfully made its overseas debut in Paris, France,
   attracting nearly 200,000 local visitors. In the Wealth segment, Fosun Insurance Portugal continued to expand its presence
   in overseas markets such as South America and Africa. Its international business reported a premium revenue of EUR1.70
   billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.6%. Hainan Mining in the Intelligent Manufacturing segment completed
   its investment in KOD and KMUK, and obtained a controlling stake in the lithium mine asset of Bougouni in Mali, Africa. The
   new energy industry layout and internationalization strategy have taken a critical step.

   Technology innovation serves as another core driver for Fosun’s development. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s total
   investment in technology innovation amounted to RMB7.4 billion. HANSIZHUANG (serplulimab injection), the world’s first
   anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody approved for first-line treatment of extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (SCLC) developed
   independently by Shanghai Henlius has been approved for four indications; the second-generation artesunate for injection
   (Argesun®) was prequalified by the World Health Organization (WHO-PQ), becoming the first injectable artesunate presented
   with a single solvent system approved by WHO-PQ, greatly improving the convenience of clinical use. China’s first CAR-T cell
   therapy product, Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection), developed by Fosun Kite, has received conditional approval from the National
   Medical Products Administration (the “NMPA”) for a new second-line indication, bringing more treatment options and hope
   for Chinese lymphoma patients. Intuitive Fosun’s domestic Da Vinci Xi Surgical System was successfully approved by the NMPA
   and officially commenced production. Da Vinci Xi Surgical System has been installed in China, realizing “made in China, joint
   research & development, global sales”.

   While growing its business operations, Fosun upholds its original aspiration of “Contribution to Society” and continues to
   participate in public welfare programs such as providing global emergency relief, assisting the fight against malaria in Africa,
   running the Rural Doctors Program, fostering education, culture and entrepreneurship. In 2021, Fosun made a commitment to
   society - “strive to peak carbon emissions by 2028 and achieve carbon neutrality by 2050”. In April 2023, the Group issued
   its first Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) report, demonstrating its commitment to climate action to
   the international community. Leveraging its remarkable performance in environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESG),
   as at the end of the Reporting Period, Fosun International received an MSCI ESG rating of AA and it is the only conglomerate
   in Greater China with such rating.

   Looking ahead to 2024, Fosun will focus more on enhancing asset-light operational capabilities and seizing development
   opportunities. Fosun will continue to focus on core businesses, leveraging its unique strengths to enhance its capabilities and
   strengthen its foundation, and actively invest and expand in advantageous sectors. Through forward-looking planning, Fosun
   will deeply explore the capabilities and value of the Fosun ecosystem, endeavoring to create more good products and services
   for one billion families worldwide.




                                                                         RMB
Profit Attributable to
Owners of the Parent                                                    1.38                          billion
  2   Financial Summary

  3   Letter to Shareholders

  8   Business Overview

 18   Management Discussion & Analysis

 53   Five-Year Statistics

 54   Corporate Governance Report

 70   Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

 76   Directors’ Report

116   Awards and Recognition

118   Independent Auditor’s Report

123   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

124   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

126   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

128   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

132   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

137   Notes to Financial Statements

353   Corporate Information

354   Glossary




                                                                FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Financial Summary


                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December
    In RMB million                                                                                                2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                (restated*)
    Revenue                                                                                                   198,200.3               182,425.8
      Health                                                                                                   46,314.4                48,001.3
      Happiness                                                                                                88,946.4                70,739.5
      Wealth                                                                                                   51,779.5                54,754.8
         Insurance                                                                                             37,453.6                39,460.1
         Asset Management                                                                                      14,325.9                15,294.7
      Intelligent Manufacturing                                                                                12,755.6                10,355.6
      Eliminations                                                                                             (1,595.6)               (1,425.4)


    Profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent                                                           1,379.1                  (831.8)
      Health                                                                                                       580.2                 1,348.7
      Happiness                                                                                                   (263.9)                1,561.4
      Wealth                                                                                                       237.3                (4,880.3)
        Insurance                                                                                                  790.2                (2,969.5)
           Asset Management                                                                                       (552.9)               (1,910.8)
        Intelligent Manufacturing                                                                                  934.1                 1,201.9
        Eliminations                                                                                              (108.6)                  (63.5)


    Earnings/(loss) per share – basic (in RMB)                                                                      0.17                    (0.10)


    Earnings/(loss) per share – diluted (in RMB)                                                                    0.17                    (0.10)


    Dividend per share (in HKD)                                                                                    0.038                   0.014

*          The comparative segment information has been restated to reflect the adoption of “Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard No.17-Insurance
           Contract” starting from 2023. Please refer to Note 2 to financial statements for more operating segment information.




          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
    2     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                       LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Dear shareholders,                                                    “Deep mining” and “developing good
In 2023, the global economy showed signs of recovery, yet still       mines” with stable profit growth as
filled with challenges. The entire team of Fosun worked together,     the core objective
actively seized opportunities and insisted on pursuing sustainable
                                                                      After more than a decade of efforts, Fosun has gradually
growth, resulting in the overall achievement of steady growth.
                                                                      completed its global expansion and industrial business presence,
                                                                      anchoring itself in the household consumption sector, striving to
As a global innovation-driven consumer group, the Group always
                                                                      intelligently create a healthy, happy and wealthy lives for families
adheres to the strategy of “profound industry operations +
                                                                      worldwide. Fosun’s industry operation strategy has also evolved
industrial investment”, and remains committed to the two core
                                                                      from “prospecting” and “exploration” across various industries
growth drivers of technology innovation and global operations.
                                                                      and locations worldwide to “deep mining” (which means focusing
The revenue of the core businesses grew steadily in 2023. During
                                                                      on the development of our core industries) and “developing
the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue was RMB198.20
                                                                      good mines” (which means tapping into industries with high
billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.6%; the profit
                                                                      value-added development and growth potential). We will continue
attributable to owners of the parent was RMB1.38 billion,
                                                                      to develop the industries where we have already established a
representing a year-on-year increase of RMB2.21 billion, indicating
                                                                      presence, enhancing certainty and making stable profit growth
a positive business outlook. There were significant growth in
                                                                      as the core objective of Fosun’s future operations. In the future,
the revenue of the four core subsidiaries, namely Yuyuan, Fosun
                                                                      we will continue to focus on core businesses, leveraging our
Pharma, Fosun Insurance Portugal and FTG, contributing 72%
                                                                      unique strengths to enhance our capabilities and strengthen
of the revenue. In particular, FTG maintained a strong recovery
                                                                      our foundation, and actively invest and expand in advantageous
momentum, with business volume substantially surpassing the
                                                                      sectors. Through forward-looking planning, we will deeply explore
pre-pandemic performance and reaching RMB17.15 billion for
                                                                      the capabilities and value of the Fosun ecosystem, endeavoring
the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.5%. Its profit
                                                                      to create more good products and services for one billion families
attributable to equity holders turned around to RMB0.31 billion.
                                                                      worldwide.

Meanwhile, in the face of the complex and volatile external
environment, Fosun maintained its strategic focus and continued       Press ahead with the globalization
to promote its business streamlining strategy. On the one hand,       strategy
Fosun stepped up its efforts in divesting some of the non-core and
                                                                      Fosun always regards globalization as one of the key core drivers
non-strategy assets to continuously reduce debt and consolidate its
                                                                      for its development. Since Fosun International’s listing in Hong
liquidity cushion, preparing for the next phase of growth. On the
                                                                      Kong in 2007, Fosun’s globalization journey has spanned nearly
other hand, it further focused on core businesses in the household
                                                                      17 years. In the course of its journey, Fosun has progressively
consumption sector and increased investment in advantageous
                                                                      deepened the development and expanded the scope of
industries. We are pleased to see that the market has responded
                                                                      globalization. It now has established business presence in over 35
positively to Fosun’s strategy and development plan. Fosun
                                                                      countries and regions across five continents, boasting a portfolio
Pharma’s independently developed innovative drugs have gradually
                                                                      of renowned brands. Its “global organization + local operations”
entered overseas markets, while FTG’s newly opened resorts
                                                                      model has become increasingly mature. In 2023, Fosun further
received positive feedbacks from consumers.
                                                                      strengthened its global operations across various industries, with
                                                                      overseas revenue reaching RMB89.20 billion, accounting for 45.0%
Once again, we would like to express our gratitude to all
                                                                      of the total revenue, representing a 6.0% year-on-year growth.
shareholders for your long-standing support. The entire
team of Fosun will work diligently and stay committed with
unwavering determination to achieve better results in return
for your trust in us.




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       3
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




Fosun consistently adheres to the philosophy of “being                   Dragons et Lanternes held in Jardin d’Acclimatation in Paris,
rooted in China and serving the world”, continuously improving           France from late 2023 to early 2024 attracted nearly 200,000 local
its globalization strategy by leveraging China’s excellent supply        visitors, showcasing the magnificent Chinese lanterns, spreading
chain system and efficiency advantages. After establishing               the beauty of oriental lifestyle aesthetics and demonstrating the
competitiveness in China, good products of various industries            charm of Chinese culture.
can swiftly enter overseas markets through the empowerment
of Fosun’s global ecosystem. Shanghai Henlius’ first domestically
                                                                         Lead with technology, driven by
independently developed monoclonal antibody drug approved in
both China and Europe, HANQUYOU (trastuzumab for injection)              innovation
has been approved for marketing in more than 40 countries                Technology innovation serves as another core driver for
and regions worldwide. In June 2023, the second-generation               Fosun’s continuous development. In 2023, the Group’s total
artesunate for injection (Argesun®), independently developed by          investment in technology innovation amounted to RMB7.4 billion.
Fosun Pharma, was prequalified by the World Health Organization          It has established more than ten technology innovation centers
(WHO-PQ), becoming the first injectable artesunate presented with        covering various industries, continuously empowering the launch of
a single solvent system approved by WHO-PQ, further improving            new technologies and products.
the accessibility of high-quality, innovative antimalarial drugs
and saving more lives in Africa and globally. Shede Spirits has          In the health sector, Intuitive Fosun has achieved the localization
deepened its aged spirits strategy, developed a multi-brand matrix,      of da Vinci Surgical System and successfully launched
and promoted the in-depth globalization of Shede’s products and          commercialization. Since its launch more than two years ago, the
brands through various operating models such as trade and duty-          CAR-T cell therapy product Yi Kai Da (奕凱達 ®) of Fosun Kite, a
free. Dedicated to creating drinking experiences that cater to           joint venture company of Fosun Pharma, has been used to treat
the preferences of overseas consumers, it has expanded into 31           hundreds of patients with relapsed or refractory large B-cell
overseas countries and regions.                                          lymphoma (r/r DLBCL). In June 2023, the second-line indication
                                                                         of Yi Kai Da was officially approved for marketing, bringing more
For Fosun, globalization means more than just “two-way                   treatment options and hope for Chinese lymphoma patients.
engagement” between the global and Chinese markets. It
extends to the endogenous development of its ecosystem                   Shanghai Henlius’ independently developed HANSIZHUANG
enterprises both domestically and internationally,                       (serplulimab injection) (漢斯狀) has provided a new treatment
encouraging them to actively expand their businesses beyond              option for patients with small cell lung cancer (SCLC) and obtained
their domestic markets. Fosun Insurance Portugal has actively            approvals for several indications. It also became the world’s first
addressed inflation by enhancing its pricing strategy. It has not        monoclonal antibody drug targeting PD-1 approved for the first-
only steadily expanded its business in Portugal and maintained local     line treatment of extensive-stage SCLC. In December 2023, it made
leadership, but also continued to achieve rapid premium growth           its debut in the Indonesia market, marking the first step of its
in its international business, with growing influence in Central         international expansion. Our long-term commitment in technology
Europe and Portuguese-and-Spanish-speaking regions. In 2023,             innovation has brought us the joy of returns. Following the first
Fosun Insurance Portugal recorded total gross written premiums           half-year profits achieved in the first half of 2023, Shanghai
of EUR5,207 million and net profit of EUR0.18 billion. In 2023,          Henlius achieved full-year profits and has initially developed self-
Easun Technology continued to expand into the global market,             sufficiency capabilities, laying a solid foundation for further high-
with strong growth in its North American business and new orders         quality development.
increasing by 70% year-on-year.
                                                                         Fosun persists in doing the right things, the difficult things, and the
In addition to the “hard power” (硬實力) of business globalization,         things that take time to develop. We believe that persistence and
Fosun’s “soft power” (軟實力) accumulated in its globalization              dedication are essential to achieve the long-term goal of reaping
journey is equally invaluable. As a representative of Chinese            returns through technology innovation. It is the trust in Fosun’s
culture, the Yuyuan Garden Lantern Festival, a national intangible       technology innovation and operational capabilities that enabled
cultural heritage, was held in the overseas for the first time. It was   Shanghai Fujian Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd., a
designated as part of the opening festivities celebrating the 60th       subsidiary of Fosun Pharma to be selected as one of the first batch
anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between         of “20+8” industrial fund management institutions in Shenzhen in
China and France, as well as the China-France Year of Culture            2023, exclusively managing a biopharmaceutical fund with a scale
and Tourism. It also served as a highlighted event for the bilateral     of RMB5.0 billion.
cooperation between China and France in 2024. The Festival




       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 4     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                          LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




The year 2023 was known as the “Year of AI”, witnessing the             In the field of tourism, we have identified many emerging demands
explosive growth of productivity tools in artificial intelligence,      which have not been met in China, such as urban vacations and
represented by OpenAI. Fosun actively seized opportunities in           ice and snow tourism. In 2023, FTG launched a series of new
the field of AI, applying AI technologies to areas such as drug         product lines. In October, Club Med launched its first urban resort,
pipeline research and development, and online intelligent customer      Club Med Urban Oasis Nanjing Xianlin Resort, in Nanjing, opening
service, exploring opportunities across industries. We will fully       up the new field of urban vacations. In November, the Taicang
embrace changes and better utilize emerging technological tools         Alps Resort, dedicated to providing ice and snow vacations, had
in all aspects of industry operations. Fosun Aitrox has applied a       its grand opening. FTG’s innovative products that advocate the
universal artificial intelligence research and development paradigm     concept of “lifestyle-based vacation” and “vacation-like lifestyle”
to more than 80 comprehensive product matrices spanning                 are providing urban residents with new ways of life.
imaging, pathology, and ultrasound, focusing on the high-quality
development of primary healthcare and cutting-edge technological        Globally, Club Med also witnessed a record-breaking year in
innovation in clinical disciplines.                                     2023, with a business volume of RMB15.12 billion, representing
                                                                        an increase of 19.2% as compared with the same period in 2022,
In terms of creativity and innovation, Fosun actively                   and equivalent to 118.3% of business volume achieved for the
promotes innovation in consumption scenarios, endeavoring               same period in 2019. The adjusted EBITDA of the resort operation
to fully integrate cutting-edge technologies with offline               increased to RMB3.21 billion from RMB2.19 billion in 2022. In a
scenarios. In addition to the spectacular offline scenes, the 29th      context of strong inflation, Club Med continued to position itself in
Yuyuan Garden Lantern Festival enhanced the metaverse experience        high-end segment of the market in order to consolidate its leading
through technologies such as augmented reality (AR) and digital         industry position.
lighting, attracting 4 million visitors and driving approximately 50%
growth in various industries and product sales during the Spring        The recovery momentum of Atlantis Sanya was equally strong. Its
Festival. Currently, the overall planning of the Grand Yuyuan is        business volume surged 90.9% year-on-year to RMB1.67 billion in
proceeding according to the plan. Fosun is confident and well-          2023. Through a series of industry-led international and diversified
equipped to build a large cultural and commercial complex of over       activities such as “Night Tour Experience”, “Super Summer (超級
1 million square meters, serving as a global fashion and cultural       暑假)”, and “China’s Mermaid Open Tournament”, the average
showground with the charm of “oriental lifestyle aesthetics” in the     occupancy rate of Atlantis Sanya maintained at a high level
core area of Shanghai’s business district.                              and reached 81.9% in 2023. In the first two months of 2024,
                                                                        benefiting from the surge in demand during the New Year and
                                                                        the Chinese New Year holidays, Atlantis Sanya recorded a business
Deepen industry operations and
                                                                        volume of RMB0.46 billion, representing an increase of 16.5% over
enhance asset-light operational                                         the same period in 2023. The average occupancy rate was 94.8%.
capabilities
                                                                        The recovery in consumption also extended to other sectors.
In the past few years, Fosun’s industrial operational capabilities
                                                                        In 2023, Yuyuan’s chain restaurant business accelerated its
have overcome the tests imposed by challenging external
                                                                        expansion, the number of Songhelou Noodle Restaurant reached
economic environments, and have built a more cohesive and
                                                                        173 nationwide. Marking its two-year anniversary, the Hangzhou-
resilient team. Despite encountering difficulties, Fosun identified
                                                                        Shaoxing-Taizhou Railway has been operating in a safe and orderly
new opportunities for growth and development, which led to a
                                                                        manner, with a total passenger flow exceeding 20 million.
significant improvement in industrial operational capabilities and
remarkable achievements.
                                                                        After more than three decades of development, Fosun has
                                                                        accumulated profound operational capabilities. The achievements
In 2023, Yuyuan’s Jewelry & Fashion Group strengthened its
                                                                        and figures mentioned above once again confirm the broad
channel operations, simultaneously improving its “quality +
                                                                        scope and depth of Fosun’s industrial operational capabilities,
quantity”. The total number of point of sale (POS) for its brands,
                                                                        which are essential for seizing opportunities in asset-light
including Laomiao, Yayi, DJULA, and Lusant, went beyond
                                                                        cooperation. Considering the current interest rate levels and
5,000, representing a net increase of 424 POS as compared to
                                                                        financing environment, Fosun will focus more on enhancing asset-
the previous year. It consistently improved its product offerings,
                                                                        light operational capabilities. With the asset-light strategy
resulting in double-digit growth in both revenue and profit
                                                                        and cooperation with key partners, Fosun will seize the
attributable to owners of the parent. In particular, its revenue grew
                                                                        opportunities presented by asset-light operation. In the future,
11% year-on-year to RMB36.7 billion, which outperformed the
                                                                        while continuously improving its capabilities, the Group will also
industry average growth.
                                                                        expand its network of partners by strengthening cooperation with




                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          5
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




local governments, state-owned enterprises, and other partners.       Recognizing Fosun’s debt reduction capability and execution, the
Through complementary strengths and win-win cooperation,              international credit rating agency, S&P, carried out a positive rating
Fosun aims to create more high-quality projects and products.         revision of Fosun in 2023, raising the Group’s rating outlook to
At the same time, we will fully leverage Fosun’s long-established     “stable”.
investment capabilities and adhere to the “industry + investment”
and “insurance + investment” strategies, making full use of our       Looking ahead, we hold an optimistic view on gradually entering
industrial advantages and cost advantages of insurance funds          an interest rate reduction cycle following the peak of the US dollar
to effectively implement a combination of development                 rate hike. We believe that the further improvement of domestic
strategies.                                                           and overseas financing environments will inject more vitality into
                                                                      Fosun’s development.

Sound financials with balanced
investment and divestment                                             Remain committed to the original
Despite the continued uncertainty in the external market              aspiration of “Contribution to
environment in 2023, we implemented a proactive and prudent           Society” and develop business for
financial strategy, further optimizing the balance sheet and
continuously reducing the leverage ratio, which provided a solid
                                                                      good
financial cushion for focused development.                            Since its establishment, Fosun established its original aspiration of
                                                                      “Self-improvement, Teamwork, Performance, and Contribution to
During the past year, Fosun successfully carried out the divestment   Society”. We firmly believe that business should be developed for
of non-strategy and non-core assets, including the exit from the      a good cause, and the greatest value of a company lies in its social
iron and steel industry by disposing Nanjing Nangang, Jianlong        impact. While focusing on business operations, we have been
Shares, etc., resulting in a cash inflow of RMB27.3 billion for the   committed to strengthening sustainable development management,
full year.                                                            actively shouldering corporate social responsibilities, implementing
                                                                      environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices. Leveraging
Meanwhile, Fosun maintained smooth financing channels with            the resources and advantages of Fosun’s global industrial
domestic and overseas banks as well as the public market. In          ecosystem, we strive to continuously create a better world.
early 2023, Fosun High Technology entered into a syndicated
loan agreement for an amount of RMB12 billion with eight              In 2023, Fosun’s ESG management system was further
domestic banks, led by five major state-owned banks, reflecting       strengthened. Fosun International received an MSCI ESG rating of
steadfast support for the development of private enterprises.         AA for three consecutive years and ranked among the top 6% of
In the international market, Fosun successfully formed and            industries worldwide in the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability
completed a syndicated loan amounting to over USD500 million          Assessment (CSA). In addition, Fosun International was included in
with international banks, domestic banks, Hong Kong banks,            S&P Global’s Sustainability Yearbook 2024 and recognized as an
and European banks. In terms of public market financing, Fosun        Industry Mover.
High Technology successfully issued RMB700 million worth of
medium-term notes, serving as a rare example of a privately-owned     We have actively responded to the national carbon peaking
enterprise successfully issuing pure credit bonds in the domestic     and carbon neutrality goals, and have implemented measures
market in 2023.                                                       for carbon neutrality and energy conservation and emission
                                                                      reduction. We have also issued our first Task Force on Climate-
Overall, Fosun successfully attained the objective of maintaining     Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) report, demonstrating our
a stable financial position in the past year. As at the end of the    commitment to climate action to the international community.
Reporting Period, the consolidated interest-bearing debt was          Through the establishment of a Carbon Neutrality Committee
RMB211.92 billion, representing a decrease of RMB15.00 billion in     and a Carbon Neutrality Working Group, the Group continues to
comparison with the end of 2022, while the total debt-to-capital      drive the achievement of carbon peaking and carbon neutrality
ratio stood at 50.4%, representing a decrease of 2.9 percentage       goals and promotes carbon neutrality management among its
points from 31 December 2022. Cash and bank balances and term         member companies. These initiatives not only demonstrate Fosun’s
deposits reached RMB92.46 billion.                                    commitment to environmental protection, but also reflect our
                                                                      determination to promote sustainable development globally.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 6    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                         LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




The Rural Doctors Program has covered 78 key rural revitalization     In this ever-changing world, Fosun’s entrepreneurial journey of
counties in 16 provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions      more than 30 years has been full of challenges and opportunities.
across the country. A total of 371 staff have been sent to counties   Despite the fluctuations in the external economic environment, our
to provide assistance, supporting 25,000 rural doctors and            industrial operational capabilities have not only withstood the test,
benefiting 3 million grassroots families.                             but have also improved significantly. This growth is not solely ours,
                                                                      but is a testament to the trust and dedication of all shareholders
In addition to the efforts at the group level, Fosun also actively    and supporters. Every step of our progress has been driven by the
encourages its subsidiaries and ecosystem organizations to actively   support and confidence of our shareholders, motivating us to keep
improve ESG practices. Artesunate for injection (Artesun ® ),         moving forward.
independently developed by Fosun Pharma, is the preferred
treatment of severe malaria recommended by the World Health           Looking ahead, we are filled with confidence. We believe that
Organization (WHO) and has become a well-known Chinese                no matter how challenging the future may be, every Fosuner will
innovator drug in Africa and the world. As at the end of 2023,        stay true to our original aspiration and will consistently create
Artesun® has been used to treat more than 68 million patients with    value. We firmly believe that no matter how the world changes,
severe malaria worldwide, most of whom were African children          people’s aspirations for a better life will remain unchanged, and
under five years old. Through the power of football, Wolves           Fosun is committed to its vision of creating better lives for families
Foundation has collaborated with more than 100 local schools,         worldwide. We look forward to joining hands with shareholders to
supporting the growth of thousands of primary school students         create a better future.
in key areas such as personal development, social engagement,
health, and sports.                                                   Guo Guangchang
                                                                      27 March 2024
At the beginning of 2023, Fosun officially incorporated the half-
day public welfare leave policy into the Group’s employee manual.
Since its implementation one year ago, a total of more than 4,500
Fosun employees at home and abroad have participated in public
welfare activities in various fields, amounting to 34,476 hours,
demonstrating that Fosun has been contributing to the society
through concrete actions.




                                                                                                          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                        7
BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Since its establishment in 1992, the Group has remained true to                    presence and sound operation capabilities, the Group’s total
its original aspiration of “Contribution to Society”. In response to               revenue grew to RMB198.20 billion after 3 consecutive years
the macroeconomic situation and opportunities that have arisen                     of growth, representing an increase of 8.6% as compared to
from industries and with the forward vision of “changing first                     2022. In particular, the four largest subsidiaries of the Group
to bring changes”, the Group has grown together with Chinese                       by revenue in 2023 – Yuyuan, Fosun Pharma, Fosun Insurance
and global economies and has developed itself into a global                        Portugal and FTG (in descending order) – yielded a total revenue
innovation-driven consumer group that focuses on the sustainable                   of RMB142.69 billion. Driven by Yuyuan’s principal business of
development of business segments such as Health, Happiness and                     gold and jewelleries and the excellent performance of Club Med
Wealth. The Group has accumulated profound experience and                          and Atlantis Sanya under FTG, the total revenue of the four largest
built up capabilities in the fields of global operations, technology               subsidiaries recorded a year-on-year increase of 8.0%, accounting
and innovation, business ecosystem and FES management system,                      for 72.0% of the Group’s total revenue. The Group had maintained
building up its core businesses that can bring stable, synergistic                 steady growth of its asset base. Benefiting from the long-term
and sustainable growth. The Group presses ahead with the                           international business presence of the Group and driven by the
“profound industry operations + industrial investment” strategy                    turnaround of FTG as well as the results of BCP, an associate in
to continuously accelerate its strategic focus, consolidate its asset              Portugal, the Group’s industrial operation profit1 reached RMB4.90
base, and provide high-quality products and services to families                   billion during the Reporting Period, representing an increase of
around the world while enhancing its global competitiveness.                       20.4% as compared to 2022 under the same basis (excluding the
                                                                                   impacts of exited operating enterprises).

SPEEDING UP                                                                        Under the background that the Federal Reserve System of the
IMPLEMENTATION OF                                                                  US significantly raised the benchmark interest rate, the Group

STRATEGIES DESPITE                                                                 continuously optimized its debt structure. Meanwhile, benefiting
                                                                                   from the stable interest rates and borrowings in China, the Group’s
CHALLENGES AND ACHIEVING                                                           debt costs generally remained stable. During the Reporting Period,

STEADY RECOVERY IN                                                                 under the consolidated statements of the Group, the average
                                                                                   cost of debt slightly increased by 89 basis points to 5.60% in
FUNDAMENTALS                                                                       the Reporting Period from 4.71% in 2022. As at the end of the
                                                                                   Reporting Period, under the consolidated statements of the Group,
Various hardships and challenges were interwoven and overlapped
                                                                                   cash proceeds collected were approximately reaching to RMB40
in 2023. Internationally, the sluggish global economic recovery,
                                                                                   billion and the Group’s interest-bearing debts were RMB211.92
escalating geopolitical conflicts and rising trade protectionism
                                                                                   billion, decreasing by RMB15.00 billion as compared to the end of
continued to augment the adverse impact of the external
                                                                                   2022. Based on the above factors and during the Reporting Period,
environment on China’s development. Domestically, the economy
                                                                                   the Group’s profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted
has recovered mildly and still requires time to be fully restored
                                                                                   to RMB1.38 billion, up RMB2.21 billion compared to that of 2022.
due to the overlapping of shrinking external demand and
                                                                                   As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s total debts to
insufficient domestic demand. Despite the various difficulties,
                                                                                   total capital ratio was 50.4%, which dropped by 2.9 percentage
China’s economy kept progressing against the headwinds and the
                                                                                   points as compared to 31 December 2022; cash and bank balances
GDP grew by 5.2% to over RMB126 trillion. It was against the
                                                                                   and term deposits reached RMB92.46 billion and the financial
backdrop of the complex macroeconomic environment that the
                                                                                   position was sound and stable.
Group hardened its resolve to implement the business streamlining
strategy, continuously focused on household consumption as the
top-priority sector, and concentrated on the development of its
core industries. All of the efforts yield certain results. During the
Reporting Period, benefiting from its diversified global business




1        It includes the profit contribution of industrial operation subsidiaries of the Group and associates and joint ventures accounted by equity method.




        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
    8   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                 BUSINESS OVERVIEW




OPTIMISING ASSET                                                        the balance sheet and consolidated its liquidity safety cushion.
                                                                        During the Reporting Period, major cash inflow projects included:
PORTFOLIOS AND IMPROVING                                                AmeriTrust, Nanjing Nangang, Jianlong Shares, Shanghai PANASIA

CREDIT INDICATORS                                                       Shipping Co., Ltd. as well as issuance of BFC asset-backed
                                                                        securities (quasi-REITs).
CONTINUOUSLY
In terms of liquidity and liability management, the Group has been      STRENGTHENING INDUSTRY
actively maintaining prudent liquidity and liability management.
While actively exploring diversified financing channels, the Group
                                                                        OPERATIONS WITH CORE
maintained the efforts in asset disposal in 2022 and consolidated       CAPABILITIES, AND DEEPENING
its liquidity safety cushion in response to uncertainties in external
environment. In terms of bank financing channels, in early 2023,
                                                                        DEVELOPMENT BY FOCUSING
Fosun High Technology, a subsidiary of the Company, entered             ON CORE BUSINESSES
into a syndicated loan for an amount of RMB12 billion with eight
                                                                        Fosun’s unique global operation capabilities to facilitate the
domestic banks, which includes five major state-owned banks
                                                                        continuous diversification of the Group’s revenue. As a global
(as joint lead), and policy banks and joint-stock banks, reflecting
                                                                        enterprise rooted in China, the Group thoroughly develops the
the domestic banks’ firm support to private enterprises, as well
                                                                        Chinese market and at the same time links up its various businesses
as domestic banks’ recognition of the Group’s efforts in asset
                                                                        and resources in different countries and regions, and actively
disposal and debt deduction. Against the adverse backdrop of
                                                                        enhances the global operation capabilities of the Group’s member
continuous interest hikes by the Federal Reserve System of the US,
                                                                        companies based on its business presence in over 35 countries
the Company successfully completed an overseas syndicated loan
                                                                        and regions around the world. As at the end of the Reporting
with an amount exceeding USD500 million with the participation
                                                                        Period, the Group’s overseas revenue accounted for 45.0% of
of international banks, Chinese, Hong Kong and European-
                                                                        the total revenue, which grew by 6.0% year-on-year. Benefiting
funded banks, showing the continuous recognition of domestic
                                                                        from the Group’s global business presence and synergies within its
and overseas banks on the Group’s credibility. As for public-
                                                                        business ecosystem, the Group’s various businesses have become
market financing channels, Fosun High Technology seized the
                                                                        increasingly internationalized during the Reporting Period.
opportunity of the gradual recovery of the domestic public market
and successfully issued four commercial papers with a total amount
                                                                        During the Reporting Period, the globalization capabilities of the
of RMB3.5 billion. In October 2023, it successfully issued medium-
                                                                        Group’s Chinese enterprises has been increasingly improved in
term notes with an amount of RMB700 million, marking it one of
                                                                        multiple ways:
the few successful cases of the issuance of medium-term notes by
private enterprises in the domestic market in 2023. At the same
                                                                        First, in terms of global research and development (“R&D”) and
time, the Group continued to deepen its asset-light operation
                                                                        business development capabilities, HANSIZHUANG, an innovative
model and flexibly shifted its strategy to exit the ownership of
                                                                        drug of Shanghai Henlius, a subsidiary of Fosun Pharma, was
some of its fixed assets through a combination of disposal and
                                                                        approved by Indonesia’s National Agency for Drug and Food
securitization, including but not limited to BFC (Bund Finance
                                                                        Control (BPOM) for treatment of extensive-stage small cell lung
Center). S&P, an international credit rating agency, has upgraded
                                                                        cancer, which is the first China-made anti-PD-1 mAb approved for
the Group’s rating outlook to “stable” and affirmed ratings of BB–
                                                                        marketing in Southeast Asia. As at the end of the Reporting Period,
in recognition of the Group’s asset disposal and debt reduction,
                                                                        Shanghai Henlius carried out a global commercialization plan
further affirming the Group’s improved credit profile.
                                                                        for its products with the focus on HANSIZHUANG in a forward-
                                                                        looking manner, actively explored overseas markets and joined
The Group initiated the disposal of non-strategy and non-
                                                                        its partners in comprehensively extending its market coverage to
core assets in 2020 and the Group further pushed forward the
                                                                        over 70 countries and regions such as the US, Europe, Southeast
implementation since mid of 2022 in the face of volatile capital
                                                                        Asia, Middle East, North Africa and India. Through cooperation
market. The Group has continued to firmly push forward the
                                                                        and innovation, Shanghai Henlius will speed up in promoting the
implementation of the divestment of non-strategy and non-
                                                                        development and application of immunotherapy in the world and
core assets in 2023 and emphasized the importance of cash flow
                                                                        provide patients with more efficient and high-quality treatment
management. As at the end of the Reporting Period, cash inflow
                                                                        options.
from divestment and divestment related structure arrangements
amounted to RMB27.3 billion in 2023, which further optimized




                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                         9
BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Second, in terms of global operational capabilities, Club Med, a                 Second, in terms of global investment and financing capabilities,
subsidiary of FTG, recorded new highs in its business volume of                  Gland Pharma, an Indian pharmaceutical company under
RMB15.12 billion in 2023. During the Reporting Period, Club Med                  Fosun Pharma, completed the acquisition of Cenexi, a French
newly opened Urban Oasis Nanjing Xianlin Resort, and Taicang                     pharmaceutical company, during the Reporting Period. This
Resort in China, Kiroro Grand Resort in Japan, and La Rosière                    strategic move laid the groundwork for its Contract Development
Exclusive Collection in France, and further strengthened the line-               and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) business operations in
up of global resorts. Easun Technology continued to promote                      the European market.
integrated operations worldwide, resulting in a significant increase
in its overseas orders. New orders reached RMB6.291 billion in                   At the same time, Fosun also actively promotes Chinese culture
2023, representing a year-on-year increase of 62%. It saw robust                 to go global. From 15 December 2023 to 25 February 2024,
growth in business operations in the North America. New orders                   “Yuyuan Lantern Festival”, a national intangible cultural heritage,
reached RMB1.927 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of                went aboard for the first time. It came to the ancient Jardin
70%.                                                                             d’Acclimatation with the spirit of the times from Yu Garden with
                                                                                 a history of over 400 years. As one of the activities at the opening
Third, in terms of global investment and financing capabilities,                 of the China-France Year of Culture and Tourism, it presented the
Hainan Mining has been carrying out its business plan for lithium                essence of Eastern culture as a “Chinese New Year Gift” to families
salt processing and lithium ore mining which are the upstream                    all over the world.
industries of the new energy sector since 2021. In November
2023, Hainan Mining completed the acquisition of 14.72% equity                   Promoting the ecosystem’s multiplier growth through
interest in Kodal Minerals PLC (“KOD”) and 51% equity interest                   multi-industry collaboration within the ecosystem. During
in Kodal Mining UK Limited (“KMUK”) (a wholly-owned subsidiary                   the Reporting Period, the subsidiaries of the Group continuously
of KOD) with a total consideration of USD118 million, obtaining                  enhanced the ecosystem collaboration. The Group’s ecosystem
the controlling equity interest in the lithium mine of Bougouni in               c r e a t e d a t o t a l v a l u e 2 o f o v e r R M B12.08 b i l l i o n ( b e f o r e
Mali, Africa. This marks Hainan Mining’s official implementation                 intercompany eliminations), representing a year-on-year growth of
of its plan for developing the business of lithium resources for the             75% during the Reporting Period. Major programs of ecosystem
new energy sector. When the project is completed and put into                    value creation included:
operation, Hainan Mining will become one of the few enterprises
with its own quality mines and an upstream business of lithium                   1) Global marketing activities by innovative brands
resources that has an advantage of the integrated operation of
high-quality and advanced processing and production lines.                       At the beginning of 2024, the Group held the “Fosun Family
                                                                                 Season” campaign, a key event within the Group’s ecosystem in
Meanwhile, the globalization capabilities of the Group’s overseas                the year, and carried out joint marketing with over 60 domestic
companies have also been further improved:                                       and overseas brands of the Group, covering Health, Happiness,
                                                                                 Wealth and other businesses. It held over 1,000 activities in over
First, in terms of global operations capabilities, despite the                   ten countries and regions including China, France, the US, Portugal,
complicated overall macroeconomic environment in 2023, Fosun                     the UK, Japan and Southeast Asia and released over 80 products
Insurance Portugal was full of resilience in operation and financial             related to the theme of the Year of the Loong which created
performance. On the basis of maintaining its leading position in                 New Year scenes and immersive experiences with oriental lifestyle
the Portuguese market with a market share of approximately 30%,                  aesthetics for families around the world. The 72-day campaign had
Fosun Insurance Portugal’s overall gross written premiums from its               a communication volume of more than 2 billion, with a cumulative
international business maintained a year-on-year increase of 10.6%               total of 4.23 million consumers.
and the proportion of its international business was increased to
32.7%, which was mainly attributed to the increase from business
in Latin America.




2         It refers to the revenue contribution (before intercompany eliminations) directly or indirectly created by companies within the Fosun ecosystem for
          other companies within the ecosystem, including but not limited to cross-selling, product co-creation, membership contribution, membership sales
          transformation, and sales collaboration within the ecosystem, joint industrial investment, financing cooperation empowerment, industrial resource
          coordination, etc..




         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
    10   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                             BUSINESS OVERVIEW




2) Synergy of domestic marketing platforms of Fosun Pharma                     During the Reporting Period, the Health segment of the Group
                                                                               made achievements on various fronts of technology innovation.
Fosun Pharma, a subsidiary of the Group, facilitated sales of                  Various new drugs and indications were approved for launch.
HANLIKANG and other products through collaboration with                        As at the end of 2023, the marketing authorization application
the domestic marketing platforms and other sales channels and                  for the innovative anti-PD-1 mAb HANSIZHUANG for first-line
resources. It cooperated with Fosun Health, a subsidiary of Fosun              treatment of extensive-stage small cell lung cancer independently
Pharma, and domestic insurance companies of the Group to                       developed by Shanghai Henlius, a subsidiary of Fosun Pharma,
provide insurance customers with health management services and                a flagship company, was validated by the European Medicines
achieved win-win results within the ecosystem.                                 Agency. It was approved by the Indonesia’s National Agency
                                                                               for Drug and Food Control (BPOM) for treatment of extensive-
3) “Insurance +” ecosystem and industrial synergy                              stage small cell lung cancer, which is the first home-made anti-
                                                                               PD-1 mAb approved for marketing in Southeast Asian countries.
Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance deeply tapped into “insurance +                 In the future, HANSIZHUANG will continue to further develop its
healthcare” ecosystems and launched the product based on the                   differentiated and multi-dimensional business on lung cancer,
Group’s healthcare business: the “Xing Xiang Shou”, which is a                 gastrointestinal tumor and other areas. The first CAR-T cell
comprehensive elderly care solution facilitating the growth in the             therapy Yi Kai Da of Fosun Kite, a joint venture of Fosun Pharma,
reserve of pensions with insurance products and provides high-                 had obtained conditional approval for marketing in the Chinese
quality elderly care services. During the Reporting Period, Pramerica          Mainland from the National Medical Products Administration for
Fosun Life Insurance sold 6,006 insurance policies, representing a             the treatment of second-line indications. The product is used to
year-on-year increase of 271% and its total premium achieved a                 treat adult patients who have failed first-line immunochemotherapy
year-on-year increase of 245%. Fosun United Health Insurance sold              or relapsed large B-cell lymphoma (r/r LBCL) 12 months after first-
a total of 1,947 insurance policies orders, representing a year-on-            line immunochemotherapy. Thus far, Yi Kai Da for the treatment
year increase of 208%, and a year-on-year increase of 211% of                  of the abovementioned indications has been prescribed to patients
the total premium of those policies orders.                                    in cities across provinces including Hubei, Anhui and Guangdong,
                                                                               bringing hope to more patients. The home-made da Vinci Xi
During the Reporting Period, the number of newly registered                    Surgical System developed and produced by Intuitive Fosun, an
members3 of the Group reached 37 million. Meanwhile, through                   associate of Fosun Pharma, successfully passed the examination
the active, effective and refined membership operation, the                    of NMPA and was officially launched. In December 2023, the first
Group’s consumer members4 increased rapidly. The number of                     home-made da Vinci Xi surgical robot was officially put into use at
consumer members of the Group reached 14.58 million in the                     the operating room of Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center Gansu
year, representing a year-on-year increase of 43%. The proportion              Hospital.
of consumer members in C-end sales steadily improved. Consumer
members contributed to 54.3% of sales revenue, representing an                 The Happiness segment of the Group also had highlights in
increase of 1 percentage point as compared to that in 2022.                    scientific and technological innovation results. Jewelry & Fashion
                                                                               Group under Yuyuan, a flagship enterprise, introduced “Guyun
Enhancing product competitiveness with technology                              Gold” (古韻金) products, over 30% of which adopted 3D printing,
innovation, and driving long-term sustainable development.                     gold hardening, gold spot drilling and other innovative processes,
The Group is fully aware of the power of technology and                        improving the gross profit margin of relevant products by 10%
innovation, and has set up a global multi-dimensional innovation               year-on-year. The innovative technology also significantly enhanced
system through independent R&D, investment incubation, VC                      the strength of the products. The “Guyun Gold” products are
investment, institutional cooperation, patent licensing and the                popular among young consumers. During the Reporting Period,
introduction of innovative products, pushing itself to the forefront           the annual sales exceeded RMB8 billion. Culture & Catering Group
of global innovation. During the Reporting Period, the Group                   under Yuyuan, deeply tapped into the technology for quantitative
invested a total of approximately RMB7.4 billion5 in improving its             analysis of the degree to which pre-prepared dishes are restored
technology innovation capabilities.                                            to their original tastes. It led the formulation of the first group




3      It refers to those customers who have agreed to the official membership terms of the brand and granted privacy in any channel, and actively retained
       personal information including mobile phone numbers, so as to be identifiable, reachable and traceable.
4      It refers to consumers who have purchased or used products under the brand registered as members through any channels. Data of consumer
       members (including mobile phone numbers, consumption data and other data) shall be stored in the proprietary customer management system or
       private traffic management system of the brand.
5      It includes scientific research investment (expensed and capitalized), but excludes digitalization expenses.




                                                                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                      11
BUSINESS OVERVIEW




standard on the pre-prepared noodle industry and participated in        As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group completed
the preparation of two group standards on pre-prepared dishes in        certification and implementation of 51 FES tools, and a total of
Shanghai. It joined hands with Jiangnan University in establishing      1,116 experts were trained and certified. The certification project,
a joint laboratory with the focus on high-quality rice and flour        which is driven by an expert-certified mechanism, aims at helping
products and has achieved progress in preventing quick-frozen           the Group create value. Meanwhile, during the Reporting Period,
steamed buns from aging and cracking when freezing them.                the Group appointed a total of 79 FES Leaders in two batches,
                                                                        covering 60 core enterprises of the Group, and supported the
Fosun Insurance Portugal, a flagship company under the Wealth           building of ancillary FES capabilities, further promoting the
segment of the Group, continued to build on its digital capabilities    penetration and consolidation of the capability of building FES
to drive the rapid growth of the insurance business. During the         systems in enterprises. In 2023, there were 1,088 improvement
Reporting Period, MyFidelidade App launched by Fosun Insurance          projects, including 576 completed projects. There were 263
Portugal successfully acquired more than 1.6 million registered         best practice cases of FES, which had been promptly shared
users (exceeding 15% of Portugal’s total population). Claims            and replicated among the enterprises of the Group to speed up
settled digitally accounted for 60% of the total number of claims       improvement among them.
settled. In addition, 95% of the applications to Fosun Insurance
Portugal for medical reimbursement were done through a digital          In 2024, the further development of FES system will enable the
channel and the adoption of Trusty, the robot for customer service      enterprises to rapidly respond to challenges in the global market
dialogue, increased the automation rate to 80%. Nearly 2 million        and gain sustainable competitive advantages. Meanwhile, it will
remote medical service consultations were recorded, of which            continue to create incremental value for enterprises by empowering
online consultations on serious diseases accounted for 41%.             the investment and financing activities as well as entrepreneurship
                                                                        systems, and further empower the development of the Group’s
Wansheng under the Intelligent Manufacturing segment of the             member enterprises.
Group focused on the high molecular material sector, optimized
the product mix with its market demand-oriented approach and            Pursuing excellence, Fosun has received worldwide
constantly developed products with high performance. In 2023,           recognitions for its ESG performance. The Group has always
product sales at its coating business increased by nearly 99%.          been adhering to the values of “Self-improvement, Teamwork,
                                                                        Performance and Contribution to Society” and the aspiration of
As at the end of 2023, the Group held a total of 1,241 authorized       “Developing Business for Good with a Customer-oriented Focus”.
invention patents. With the support of the Group’s global business      As a participant in the United Nations Global Compact (“UN
presence and continuous innovation, these patents will consistently     Global Compact”) for ten consecutive years, the Group, with a
contribute to the Group’s productivity.                                 three-decade legacy of operations, fully supports the ten principles
                                                                        of UN Global Compact in the areas including human rights, labor,
Building the FES system to increase management                          environment and anti-corruption, relentlessly integrating such
effectiveness and business efficiency. FES is a business system         principles into Fosun’s ESG strategies and actively engaging its
for the efficient management of enterprises. Such system has            member companies in the implementation of ESG strategies.
been evolving through practice and is aimed at building the core
competitiveness of a long-standing enterprise and cultivating           In 2021, the Group made a commitment to society – “strive to
talents with Fosun’s entrepreneurial values. FES can help enterprises   peak carbon emissions by 2028 and achieve carbon neutrality by
foster a continuous improvement corporate culture, encouraging          2050”. Fosun has formulated strategies for effective climate change
them to take up the challenge of meeting high expectations and          mitigation and adaptation to align with the 1.5°C temperature
actively expose and resolve problems in the business process.           control target set in the Paris Agreement . In order to achieve
                                                                        Fosun’s carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goal, the Group has
In 2023, Fosun’s FES system has been further developed to enable        established a Carbon Neutrality Committee and a Carbon Neutrality
enterprises to rapidly improve their operation capabilities and         Working Group to actively promote further implementation and
create more value. During the Reporting Period, the FES system          enforcement of carbon-neutral management within the Group.
was rolled out across different business lines of the Group, with       In April 2023, the Group issued its first Task Force on Climate-
considerable results achieved through its in-depth application. With    Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) report, demonstrating its
the continuous improvement and breakthrough of FES tools, the           commitment to climate actions to the international community. In
OPE (Overall Process Effectiveness) of the soft packaging line of       2023, the Company successfully converted a syndicated loan into
Shede Spirits, a subsidiary of Yuyuan, improved from 44% to 62%;        a sustainability-linked loan, which is the Company’s first green
the UPPH (Units Per Person per Hour) increased from 60.15 to 82;        syndicated loan and marks Fosun’s efforts to raise green financing.
and the line balance in lean production was enhanced from 25.2%         In terms of social welfare undertakings, the Group made active
to 68.93%.                                                              response: in February 2023, a devastating earthquake hit Turkey.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 12   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                   BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Fosun Foundation joined hands with Tom Tailor, a German member
company, and Fosun Trade to make a donation to Turkey, and
                                                                        HEALTH SEGMENT
became one of the first charitable forces in Shanghai to respond        The Health segment of the Group focuses on the ecosystem of
to the disaster. An emergency donation of over 2,000 items of           pharmaceutical business (Fosun Pharma, Shanghai Henlius and
materials in total was sent to the quake-hit areas in Turkey with a     Gland Pharma), devices and diagnosis (Sisram) and healthcare
total value of RMB1 million. In addition, leveraging its innovation     services and consumption (Fosun Health). It adheres to the
and global operation capability that have been developed over 30        “4 IN” strategy (Innovation, Internationalization, Integration
years, the Group contributes “Chinese solutions” to global public       and Intelligentization) to continuously improve its product
welfare undertakings. Argesun, the second-generation artesunate         competitiveness and brand value. In recent years, with the
for injection independently developed by Fosun Pharma, became           evolution of social development and population aging,
the first artesunate injectable presented with a single solvent         development opportunities have emerged in innovative drug R&D,
system approved by the WHO prequalification for the treatment of        innovative medical devices and medical diagnosis, and the demand
malaria. As at the end of 2023, it has saved over 68 million severe     for quality medical products and services has increased significantly.
malaria patients worldwide and 258 million children in African          The Group will continue to upgrade its innovation, integration and
countries have used oral antimalarial drugs.                            internationalization capabilities. Meanwhile, it will build a medical-
                                                                        grade, one-stop Fosun health ecosystem for all scenarios on the
In addition, the Group takes sustainable development as its priority.   C-end, as well as a matrix of multi-dimensional global leading
It has established internal open communication channels, and            scientific R&D products on the M-end.
encouraged its employees and subsidiaries to share their knowledge
and experiences in respect of sustainable development with each         Fosun Pharma is a global pharmaceutical and healthcare group
other. The Group’s ESG Management Committee and ESG Working             rooted in China that is driven by innovation. Its direct operations
Group often conduct workshops to share the best ESG practices           include pharmaceutical manufacturing, medical devices, medical
with its subsidiaries, thereby promoting the development of ESG         diagnosis and healthcare services, and it expands its presence
projects in the subsidiaries. In May and September 2023, the            in pharmaceutical business through its investment in Sinopharm
Group’s ESG Working Group conducted the ESG Global Network              Group Co., Ltd.. Putting patients first and orienting itself towards
in London and Hong Kong. Together with external institutions, the       clinical needs, Fosun Pharma enriches its innovative product
meetings facilitated the ESG cooperation and exchange between           pipeline by adopting a model of diverse and multilevel cooperation
the Group and its member companies, promoted the learning of            which encompasses independent R&D, product development
experience in sustainable development between employees and             through cooperation, introduction of products under franchise
member companies, enabled member companies to grasp the latest          and in-depth incubation. Fosun Pharma has built and developed
ESG industry trends, and empowered the enhancement of ESG               technology platforms for small molecule innovative drugs, antibody
management.                                                             drugs and cell therapy for key diseases and areas such as tumor
                                                                        and immune modulation, metabolism and alimentary system,
The Group has widely received recognition from professional             and central nervous system. It also actively explores cutting-edge
institutions around the world for its excellence in ESG. As at the      technologies and fields such as RNA, antibody-drug conjugate
end of the Reporting Period, the Company maintained an MSCI             (ADC), gene therapy and targeted protein degradation to enhance
ESG rating of AA and was the only conglomerate in Greater               innovation capabilities. Under the strategic guidance of “4 IN”,
China with such rating. Its rating in the Hang Seng Sustainability      Fosun Pharma is striving to become a first-class enterprise in the
Index was improved to AA– and it was selected as one of the             global pharmaceutical and healthcare market. In addition, relying
constituents of Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index for the        on the open-style R&D ecosystem, a forward-looking international
first time, which includes the top 30 Hong Kong-listed companies        business presence, a systematic commercialization team and years
that have the best ESG performance. The Company has been                of domestic industry experience and global channel network, Fosun
selected as one of the constituents of the Hang Seng ESG 50 Index       Pharma has become the preferred domestic partner of world-
(Top 50 Mid-Large Cap) for three consecutive years. It has been         renowned multinational pharmaceutical companies. Fosun Pharma’s
included in the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark            industry-leading two-way licensing capability helps maximize
Index for four consecutive years, and such index consists of Hong       the value of self-developed products and partnered innovative
Kong-listed companies with the most outstanding performance in          products, and accelerate the R&D and transformation of innovative
corporate sustainability (Top 20% best performers in sustainable        technologies and products. With accumulation of experience over
development). In addition, its FTSE ESG rating continued to rise,       the years at its operations in China, Fosun Pharma has become
and was selected as one of the constituents of FTSE4Good Index          a trusted domestic partner of Intuitive Surgical, Kite Pharma,
Series. Its S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA)        Amgen, Organon and various other world-leading companies to
score has also risen significantly, ranking among top the 6% of its     jointly promote innovative products that benefit more Chinese
peers around the world. The Company was also included in S&P            patients. Fosun Pharma will continue to seek more opportunities
Global’s Sustainability Yearbook 2024 and awarded the emblem of         to cooperate with world-leading pharmaceutical enterprises in
“Industry Mover” by S&P Global for the first time.                      improving product accessibility and affordability to satisfy the
                                                                        unmet clinical needs of patients worldwide.
                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          13
BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Shanghai Henlius is a global innovative biopharmaceutical company       With the vision of becoming an “Asia’s leading and world-
dedicated to providing affordable, high-quality biomedicines            class medical and healthcare technology group” and the mission
to patients worldwide, with products covering oncology,                 of “making families healthier and live better”, Fosun Health
autoimmune diseases, ophthalmic diseases and other areas. Since         provides one-stop healthcare management services with a closed-
its establishment in 2010, Shanghai Henlius has built an integrated     loop solution for the whole disease process and integration of
biopharmaceutical platform with efficient and innovative core           medicine and healthcare. Fosun Health provides one-stop health
capabilities across the entire value chain of the industry that         management services by building a medical service platform that
encompasses R&D, manufacturing and commercial operations, and           combines comprehensive and specialized medical services and
established comprehensive and efficient global innovation centers.      integrates online and offline services. Currently, Fosun Health is
Its production facility in Xuhui District, Shanghai has also received   focusing on the businesses of medical group, smart healthcare and
Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) certification in China and          insurance empowerment. Through the offline medical institutions
the European Union. Shanghai Henlius will explore innovation            across the five economic zones of the Greater Bay Area, the
drugs with clinical orientation by leveraging its own innovation and    Yangtze River Delta, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Central China
R&D strength while maximizing the commercial value of biosimilars       and the Chengdu-Chongqing area as well as a digital platform,
at home and abroad, so as to consolidate the internationalized          Fosun Health provides users with online and offline integrated
capabilities of “integrating research, production and marketing”,       and accessible diagnostic and treatment solutions and healthcare
and achieve steady development at a larger, international and more      management services, such as offline diagnosis and treatment,
profitable market for biopharma stage.                                  patient management, medical checkups and tests, inquiries and
                                                                        purchases of medicines, and health science popularization.
Sisram, a global beauty and wellness group with a history
spanning over two decades, specializes in researching, developing,      Fosun Care is a brand of the Group covering multi-level health
and applying technologies harnessed from energy sources and             and senior care services with a vision of “creating happier lives for
provides innovative solutions for medical aesthetics and related        families worldwide” by driving innovation and elevating service
clinical indications. Sisram provides products and services to          standards in the healthcare industry. There are three major brands
leading surgical, medical and beauty clinics worldwide. Sisram          under Fosun Care, namely “Starcastle”, “Xingjian” and “Feng-
has diversified products and treatments portfolio, including hair       Lin”, covering senior care, integrated medical care, rehabilitation
removal and hair growth, skin rejuvenation, acne and acne scars,        and nursing, community health, nursing, digital and intelligent
body & face contouring, pigmentation & skin resurfacing, fat            platforms. Shanghai Zhuli, established in 2014, operates the
grafting, dermal facial fillers, skin tissue remodeling injectables,    brand “Fosun Care” and carries out its principal business through
personal care, and aesthetic dentistry. Its businesses include          several invested entities, such as Shanghai Starcastle Senior Living
energy-based devices, injectables, aesthetic and digital dentistry,     Investment Management Co., Ltd.
personal care, etc. The direct sales and distribution network of
Sisram covers more than 100 countries/regions around the world.
                                                                        HAPPINESS SEGMENT
Gland Pharma, a leading player in India’s injectable manufacturing      The Group directs its focus on addressing the happiness-oriented
landscape, has been on an ambitious journey of growth and               consumption needs of family customers. Through the twin-driver
expansion. From its humble beginnings as a small-molecule               strategy of “profound industry operations + industrial investment”,
manufacturer, Gland Pharma has evolved into a global                    the Group builds a globalized happiness ecosystem covering the
powerhouse in over 60 countries. The company’s main products,           whole value chain of the industry. Centering on brand consumption
including heart, blood, infections, and the brain and spinal cord       and tourism and leisure, the Group actively organizes teams of
medicines, have been instrumental in this growth. Gland Pharma’s        personnel, creates goods and arranges venues to meet customer
commitment to R&D and manufacturing and strategic mergers,              needs directly. The platforms within the brand consumption
acquisitions, and partnerships has further fueled its expansion.        business include Yuyuan, Lanvin Group and Fosun Sports, which
In November 2020, Gland Pharma successfully listed in India,            engage in businesses such as jewelry and fashion, liquor and
conducting the largest initial public offering (IPO) of approximately   spirits, C-end platforms, fashion brands, food, catering, beauty and
INR 64.5 billion in the Indian healthcare industry. This landmark       health, sports, cultural business and pet care. Meanwhile, FTG is
event has not only demonstrated Gland Pharma’s financial strength       the platform for the tourism and leisure business, engaging in four
but also paved the way for its future growth and expansion. Gland       business segments including “Club Med and Others”, “Atlantis
Pharma’s future strategy includes continued international R&D and       Sanya”, “Vacation Asset Management Center”, and “Foryou Club
strengthening its product portfolio in the Chinese market.              and Other Services”.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 14   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                  BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Yuyuan, with over 30 years history since its listing on the SSE,       Lanvin Group is a global luxury fashion group and has been listed
is one of the earliest witnesses, participants and contributors to     on the NYSE under stock code LANV since December 2022. The
China’s capital market. After the completion of a major asset          group manages iconic brands worldwide including Lanvin, one
reorganization in 2018, Yuyuan became the flagship platform for        of the oldest operating French couture houses; Austrian luxury
Fosun’s Happiness segment. Yuyuan takes the belief of “Oriental        skinwear specialist Wolford; Italian luxury shoemaker Sergio Rossi;
Lifestyle Aesthetics” as its priority, adheres to the strategy of      iconic American womenswear brand St. John; and high-end Italian
developing business with the twin-driver of “Industry Operations +     menswear maker Caruso. Harnessing the power of its unique
Industrial Investment”, and owns 19 Chinese time-honored brands,       strategic alliance of industry-leading partners in the luxury fashion
a number of other leading brands, as well as some well-known           sector, Lanvin Group strives to expand the global footprint of its
global brands. In the context of the new pattern of domestic           portfolio brands and achieve sustainable growth through strategic
and international dual cycle, Yuyuan continues to accelerate its       investment and industrial operation, combined with an intimate
development in ecosystem, scientific and technological innovation,     understanding and unparalleled access to the fastest-growing
and globalization, launching the construction of a new landmark        luxury fashion markets in the world.
of Chinese culture and commerce – “Grand Yuyuan”. This actively
conveys the aesthetics of oriental life and the lifestyle of beauty,
and conveys Chinese culture represented by oriental lifestyle
                                                                       WEALTH SEGMENT
aesthetics to the world.                                               The Group’s Wealth segment mainly consists of underlying financial
                                                                       assets with insurance as its core business. On the basis of achieving
As an important part of “happiness consumption”, “a bottle             synergy between the insurance business and asset allocation, it
of good liquor” is also a sign of the enrichment of the Group’s        leverages the Group’s profound industrial operation capabilities
ecosystem of businesses oriented towards the needs of families         and global investment capabilities to build an ecosystem of its
worldwide. For Shede Spirits, a platform-based enterprise of the       global asset management businesses, thereby contributing to the
Group’s liquor and spirits businesses, is principally engaged in the   industrial advancement of the Health, Happiness and Intelligent
design, manufacturing and sales of liquor and spirits products,        Manufacturing segments. The Wealth segment is divided into
with “Shede” (舍得) and “Tuopai” (沱牌) as its core brands, and            two major business segments, namely insurance and asset
cultivated brands such as “Tianzihu” (天子呼), “Tunzhihu” (吞              management. The insurance business includes overseas and
之乎) and “Shebude” (舍不得). In recent years, Shede Spirits                domestic insurance businesses, with major member companies
has pressed ahead with the “aged spirits strategy”, the “multi-        including Fosun Insurance Portugal, Peak Reinsurance, Pramerica
brand matrix strategy”, the “younger generations marketing             Fosun Life Insurance and Fosun United Health Insurance. The asset
strategy” and the “internationalization strategy”, adhering to long-   management business covers asset management (investment) and
termism and altruistic customer-oriented mindset, focusing on          asset management (property). Asset management (investment)
improving brand awareness and actively increasing market share.        includes Fosun Capital, Fosun RZ Capital, HAL and BCP. The
Shede Spirits’ mission is to “enrich the family life worldwide and     asset management (property) business covers comprehensive real
showcase the beauty of Chinese liquor and spirits”, and it has a       estate projects in China, Asia Pacific, Europe and the Americas,
vision of “becoming an innovation-driven world-class liquor and        including such asset types as residential properties, office buildings,
spirits enterprise with leading cultural influence and a sustainable   commercial properties, hotels, infrastructure and logistics facilities,
ecosystem”.                                                            etc.


FTG is a global leader in family leisure and tourism and is an         Fosun Insurance Portugal is a global insurance operator with a
integral part of the Happiness segment. With a mission of “Better      broad Life and non-Life products. It benefits from the largest and
Holiday, Better Life”, FTG endeavors to pioneer holiday lifestyle      most diversified insurance sales network in Portugal, comprised
and create a world-leading family leisure and tourism ecosystem.       exclusive and multi-brand agents, brokers, own branches, internet
Its brands and products include: Club Med, a world leader in           and telephone channels, and a strong distribution system with
high-end, experience-oriented all-inclusive vacations for families     Caixa Geral de Depósitos S.A., a leading Portuguese bank. Its
and couples alike, operating more than 60 resorts around the           international business covered 13 countries.
world; Atlantis Sanya, a one-stop high-end comprehensive resort
destination with marine as the theme; Taicang Alps Resort, offering    Peak Reinsurance is a Hong Kong-based global reinsurer established
various themed experiences and tourism features with the theme         in 2012. Authorized by the Insurance Authority of Hong Kong
of “Alps”; Lijiang Club Med Resort, an international tourism           under the Insurance Ordinance (Cap. 41), Peak Reinsurance
destination targeting mid-to-high-end customers; and Fosun             conducts property & casualty and life & health reinsurance
Tourism’s global membership operating platform Foryou Club.            services. Since its establishment in 2012, Peak Reinsurance has
                                                                       been committed to providing clients around the globe with
                                                                       innovative and tailored reinsurance, risk management and capital
                                                                       management solutions.



                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          15
BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance is a joint venture established by        BCP is a Portuguese bank that operates and acts with respect for
the Group and The Prudential Insurance Company of America. It           people and institutions, carrying out a variety of banking services
was formally established in September 2012. Both shareholders           and financial activities where it operates. It mainly provides
hold a 50% equity interest in the joint venture. The businesses         commercial banking products and services, as well as services in
of Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance include life insurance, health        other market segments, such as investment banking and private
insurance, accident insurance, and reinsurance business for the         banking. As the largest privately-owned bank in Portugal, BCP has
above-mentioned businesses in Chinese Mainland. Pramerica Fosun         also been strengthening its position in emerging markets in Europe
Life Insurance is committed to becoming a “successful and unique”       and Africa, especially in Poland, Mozambique and Angola which
life insurance company for providing customers with high-quality        share deep historical ties with Portugal. BCP also owns a leading
life insurance services throughout the life cycle.                      digital bank named “ActivoBank”.


Fosun United Health Insurance, established in January 2017, is
the sixth professional health insurance company in China jointly
                                                                        INTELLIGENT MANUFACTURING
founded by the Group and five other companies. Fosun United             SEGMENT
Health Insurance focuses on family customers and takes “protecting
                                                                        Intelligent manufacturing segment of the Group focuses on
the healthy life of hundreds of millions of Chinese families” as its
                                                                        strategic resources, functional new materials and intelligent
mission. It explores the creation of an “insurance + service” model
                                                                        manufacturing industries, and will continue to consolidate and
that ranges from insurance coverage for the sick to good medical
                                                                        enhance its industry position. The Group’s business of minerals,
care for the sick, and combines medical care and prevention, so
                                                                        oil and gas, which is represented by Hainan Mining, continues to
as to form a comparative advantage in the competition of niche
                                                                        maintain steady growth; its new materials business, represented
markets, and is committed to becoming a leading professional,
                                                                        by Wansheng, continues to maintain its leading position in the
specialised and ecologically integrated health solution provider in
                                                                        industry segments. Meanwhile, with a boom in the intelligent
China.
                                                                        manufacturing services, which is represented by Easun Technology,
                                                                        other companies in the Group’s Intelligent Manufacturing sector
Established in 2007, Fosun Capital is an equity investment and
                                                                        are expected to reap dividends from the rapid development of the
management company wholly owned by the Group. It is a leading
                                                                        industry.
private equity investment institution in the industry focusing on
four major areas: new materials and intelligent manufacturing,
                                                                        Hainan Mining was listed on the SSE in December 2014. Hainan
digital economy and broad consumption, carbon peaking and
                                                                        Mining has been deeply engaged in the iron ore industry for many
carbon neutrality economy, and new generation information
                                                                        years and its iron ore products have enjoyed a long-standing
technology. In the past 16 years since its establishment, Fosun
                                                                        reputation for good quality and is the best among the domestic
Capital has launched and managed a number of assets, including
                                                                        steel industry. To further enhance Hainan Mining’s capabilities
fund of funds, private equity investment funds, industry investment
                                                                        for sustainable development and diversify the risk of cyclical
funds with listed companies as investees and other types of equity
                                                                        fluctuations arising from its sole business of iron ore, the Group
investment funds.
                                                                        injected its 51% and 49% equity interests in ROC, a company
                                                                        with world-class whole-cycle upstream oil and gas operations,
Fosun RZ Capital is a global venture capital platform of the Group
                                                                        into Hainan Mining respectively in 2019 and 2023, thus assisting
focusing on new technology, new energy and new fields in
                                                                        Hainan Mining in building the dual principal operation of “iron
overseas markets, and it is also one of the investment institutions
                                                                        ore + oil and gas”. By implementing lean management, technology
with the greatest industry expertise in China. With a long-term
                                                                        innovation, industrial investment and other means, it has stabilized
focus on high-growth, high-tech companies in major economic
                                                                        its production volume of iron ores, oil and gas, reduced costs,
growth regions worldwide, Fosun RZ Capital has developed an
                                                                        improved efficiency, and continued to strengthen the industrial
influential ecosystem for innovation at globalized industries.
                                                                        foundation of “iron ore + oil and gas”. At the same time, based
                                                                        on its strategic goal of building up three main tracks of “iron
HAL is a high-growth private bank in Germany with a history of
                                                                        ore + oil and gas + new energy” in the future, Hainan Mining has
nearly 230 years and one of the few independent, fully licensed
                                                                        proactively facilitated the investment, merger and acquisition in the
banks in Germany, Austria and Switzerland region. HAL adopts a
                                                                        upstream of the new energy industry. The 20,000-tonne lithium
diversified and asset-light business model for its four core business
                                                                        hydroxide project in Yangpu, Hainan has been on the fast track to
areas including private & corporate banking, asset management,
                                                                        completion. The acquisition of the Bougouni lithium mine project
asset servicing and investment banking. With branches in Germany,
                                                                        in Mali, Africa has been completed and the construction of the
Luxembourg, Ireland and China, and coverage of two of the large
                                                                        project has started. An integrated upstream business of the new
European fund management centers in Luxembourg and Ireland,
                                                                        energy industry has taken shape.
HAL also actively develops its business cooperation in Chinese
Mainland to vigorously grow its business globally.



      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 16   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                  BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Wansheng was listed on the SSE in October 2014. Since its
establishment, Wansheng has been focusing on the production,
                                                                        PROSPECT FOR 2024
R&D and sales of functional fine chemicals, and has become a            After more than three decades of development, the Group has
world-leading producer of phosphorus-based flame retardant after        established four core industries of Health, Happiness, Wealth and
years of development. Wansheng has formed a good development            Intelligent Manufacturing, and has accumulated strong global
trend and has gradually developed the flame retardant business as       operational capabilities. Since 2020, the Group has reinforced its
its mainstay business, while developing various other businesses        focus on household consumption as the priority sector based on
such as amine additives, catalyst and coating additives, family         its existing business development, and has gradually divested non-
and personal care material additives. For its future development,       strategy and non-core businesses. The Group has continuously
Wansheng has classified its businesses into three segments, namely      improved industrial operation capabilities and increased investment
“core businesses” such as the polymer additives business which          in scientific research and development to seize global development
will consolidate its foundation and allow it to grow stronger and       opportunities. Despite the challenges posed by the global
larger; “developing businesses” such as the amines and daily            economy and capital markets in the past several years, the Group
chemical raw materials businesses which will gradually optimize         has maintained an upward trend in terms of overall business
their product portfolio, expand market shares, and strive to            performance, attesting to the quality and resilience of the Group’s
become leading functional daily chemical raw materials-producing        asset base. With the continuous focus on the core businesses and
enterprises in China; and “strategically important businesses” such     the continued growth of its core enterprises, the management
as the electronic chemicals business, biotechnology business and        believes that the Group is well on track to increase the recurring
new energy materials business, which will continue to promote           profit and enhance the distribution of dividend gradually. In future,
technological innovation, step up investment in R&D, build up           the Group will welcome a new phase of high-quality development.
their business presence with foresight and seek development
opportunities based on existing advantages and resources in their
ecosystem of businesses. Wansheng will consolidate its resources,
enhance its advantages and strive to become “the world’s leading
enterprise of functional new materials” driven by a low-carbon-
emission approach and innovation.


Established in 2018, Easun Technology acquired a 100% equity
interest in FFT GmbH & Co. KGaA, a German company, which is
one of the major providers of intelligent manufacturing solutions in
the automobile industry in the world, in 2019. Easun Technology
has been focusing on the development of two core businesses
in the global market: (i) the R&D and production of industrial
automated and digital production lines and (ii) the design and
upgrading of manufacturing software for the automotive industry,
and will continue to accelerate the development of its industrial
digitalization business to provide customers with intelligent factory
solutions that cover all aspects of production. Easun Technology
strives to become the world’s leading provider of intelligent
manufacturing solutions by expanding its automated production
line business, strengthening its business of special equipment, and
conducting global refined operations.




                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          17
Management Discussion & Analysis


BUSINESS REVIEW
During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group amounted to RMB198,200.3 million, representing an increase of RMB15,774.5
million, or 8.6%, compared to the same period of 2022. On the segment level, during the Reporting Period, the revenue of Health,
Happiness, Wealth and Intelligent Manufacturing segments reached RMB46,314.4 million, RMB88,946.4 million, RMB51,779.5 million and
RMB12,755.6 million, respectively, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.5%, increase of 25.7%, decrease of 5.4% and increase of
23.2%, respectively. From the perspective of product lines, during the Reporting Period, revenue of pharmaceutical, devices and diagnosis,
and healthcare services and consumption subsectors of the Health segment represents 65%, 9% and 26% of the total Health segment
revenue of the Group, respectively; revenue of brand consumer and tourism and leisure of the Happiness segment represents 80% and
20% of the total Happiness segment revenue of the Group, respectively; revenue of insurance, asset management (property), asset
management (investment) of the Wealth segment represents 72%, 12% and 16% of the total Wealth segment revenue of the Group,
respectively; revenue of resources and environment, technology and intelligent manufacturing of the Intelligent Manufacturing segment
represents 40% and 60% of the total Intelligent Manufacturing segment revenue of the Group, respectively.


REVENUE BY SEGMENT OF THE GROUP
                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million


                                                                          For the year ended                            Change over
                                For the year ended                        31 December 2022                            the same period
 Segment                        31 December 2023         Proportion            (Restated)           Proportion          of last year
 Health                              46,314.4              23.2%                48,001.3              26.1%                (3.5%)
 Happiness                           88,946.4              44.5%                70,739.5              38.5%                25.7%
 Wealth                              51,779.5              25.9%                54,754.8              29.8%                (5.4%)
   Insurance                         37,453.6              18.7%                39,460.1              21.5%                (5.1%)
   Asset Management                  14,325.9               7.2%                15,294.7              8.3%                 (6.3%)
 Intelligent Manufacturing           12,755.6              6.4%                 10,355.6              5.6%                 23.2%
 Eliminations                       (1,595.6)                                  (1,425.4)
 Total                              198,200.3             100.0%               182,425.8             100.0%                 8.6%




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 18   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                             Management Discussion & Analysis




PROFIT/(LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT BY
SEGMENT OF THE GROUP
As at the end of the Reporting Period, equity attributable to owners of the parent of the Group amounted to RMB124,936.8 million, while
such indicator was RMB120,733.7 million in the end of 2022. During the Reporting Period, profit attributable to owners of the parent of
the Group amounted to RMB1,379.1 million.


                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million


                                                                        For the year ended                             Change over
                              For the year ended                        31 December 2022                             the same period
 Segment                      31 December 2023         Proportion            (Restated)          Proportion            of last year
 Health                              580.2                39.0%                1,348.7               N/A                  (57.0%)
 Happiness                          (263.9)              (17.7%)               1,561.4               N/A                 (116.9%)
 Wealth                              237.3                15.9%               (4,880.3)              N/A                  104.9%
   Insurance                         790.2                53.1%               (2,969.5)              N/A                  126.6%
   Asset Management                 (552.9)              (37.2%)              (1,910.8)              N/A                   71.1%
 Intelligent Manufacturing           934.1                62.8%                1,201.9               N/A                  (22.3%)
 Eliminations                       (108.6)                                     (63.5)
 Total                              1,379.1              100.0%                (831.8)               N/A                  265.8%


ASSET ALLOCATION OF THE GROUP
As at the end of the Reporting Period, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB808,387.6 million, representing an increase of 0.2%
compared to the end of 2022.


                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million


                                                                              As at
                                    As at                               31 December 2022                               Change over
 Segment                      31 December 2023         Proportion           (Restated)           Proportion          the end of 2022
 Health                            126,769.7              15.5%              120,454.2              14.7%                   5.2%
 Happiness                         196,771.0              24.1%              200,118.0              24.5%                  (1.7%)
 Wealth                            453,982.0              55.6%              448,664.3              55.0%                   1.2%
   Insurance                       186,423.7              22.8%              179,551.3              22.0%                   3.8%
   Asset Management                267,558.3              32.8%              269,113.0              33.0%                  (0.6%)
 Intelligent Manufacturing         39,712.3               4.8%                47,424.5              5.8%                  (16.3%)
 Eliminations                      (8,847.4)                                 (10,284.8)
 Total                             808,387.6             100.0%              806,376.2             100.0%                  0.2%




                                                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                      19
    20                        CORPORATE STRUCTURE OF MAIN BUSINESS1 (AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2023)
                                               Health2                          Happiness3                                 Wealth                          Intelligent
                                                                                                                                                         Manufacturing4
FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

                                                            Healthcare                                                         Asset          Asset                      Technology &
                                               Devices &                    Brand           Tourism &                                                    Resources &
                              Pharmaceutical                Services &                                        Insurance    Management      Management                      Intelligent
                                               Diagnosis                   Consumer           Leisure                                                    Environment
                                                           Consumption                                                     (Investment)     (Property)                   Manufacturing

ANNUAL REPORT 2023

                              Fosun Pharma                                                                      Fosun
                                                Sisram       Fosun          Yuyuan              FTG          Insurance         HAL          28 Liberty   Hainan Mining      Easun
                               600196.SH        (Israel)     Health        600655.SH         01992.HK         Portugal      (Germany)         (USA)       601969.SH      Technology15
                                02196.HK       01696.HK                     61.85%            78.21%          (Portugal)     99.69%          100%           45.80%         82.42%
                                 36.07%                                                                      84.9892%
                                                                                                                                                                                         Management Discussion & Analysis




                               Shanghai                    Luz Saúde5                                          Peak          Guide12                                      Wansheng
                                                                           Shede Spirits     Club Med                                         BFC           ROC
                                Henlius                     (Portugal)                                      Reinsurance       (Brazil)                                    603010.SH
                                                                            600702.SH         (France)                                       100%         (Australia)
                               02696.HK                      99.86%                                          86.71%          85.61%                                        29.56%



                                                             Shanghai                                        Pramerica
                              Gland Pharma                                Jinhui Liquor                                                       IDERA
                                                              Zhuli6                                         Fosun Life    Fosun Wealth                                      JEVE16
                                  (India)                                  603919.SH       Atlantis Sanya                                    (Japan)
                                                           (Fosun Care)                                       Insurance       100%                                          49.95%
                                 GLAND                                                                                                         98%
                                                             90.91%                                             50%


                                                            Sanyuan                                                                          PAREF
                                                                                                            Yong’an P&C
                               Sinopharm                     Foods7        Fosun Sports                                    Fosun Capital    (France)
                                                                                            Foryou Club       Insurance
                               01099.HK                    600429.SH      (Luxembourg)                                        100%          PAR.PA
                                                                                                               14.69%
                                                            18.20%           92.01%                                                         59.87%


                                                                                                                            Shanghai
                                                                                                            Fosun United     Insight13
                                                            BabyTree8     Baihe Jiayuan                         Health      (Fosun RZ
                                                            01761.HK        72.36%                            Insurance       Capital)
                                                             29.90%
                                                                                                                 20%          100%


                                                                                                                               BCP14
                                                                          Bohe
                                                                          Bohe Health
                                                                               Health911                                    (Portugal)
                                                                            29.85%                                            BCP.LS
                                                                                                                             25.99%



                                                                          Lanvin Group10                                     Cainiao
                                                                            LANV.NYSE                                        3.67%
                                                                             58.65%




                                                                            St Hubert11
                                                                              (France)
                                                                             98.12%
                                                                                                               Management Discussion & Analysis




Notes:

1.       This simplified corporate structure only illustrates the key investments of the Group. The equity percentage reflects the total direct shareholdings held
         by the Group, associates, joint ventures and limited partnerships managed by the Group as at 31 December 2023. The companies marked in the solid
         line boxes are consolidated entities of the Group, and the companies marked in the dotted-line boxes are non-consolidated entities of the Group. The
         companies marked in the shaded boxes are channels for C-end top priority of the Group.

2.       The companies marked in the light-blue boxes are invested by Fosun Pharma. For specific information, please refer to the disclosure of Fosun Pharma.

3.       The companies marked in the light-yellow boxes are invested by Yuyuan. For specific information, please refer to the disclosure of Yuyuan. The
         companies marked in the light-orange boxes are invested by FTG. For specific information, please refer to the disclosure of FTG.

4.       The company marked in the light-purple box is invested by Hainan Mining. For specific information, please refer to the disclosure of Hainan Mining.

5.       Fidelidade held 99.86% equity interest in Luz Saúde. Therefore, the Group held 84.87% effective equity interest in Luz Saúde.

6.       Shanghai Zhuli operates “Fosun Care” brand. The Group through its wholly-owned subsidiaries held 87.35% equity interest and through its non-
         wholly-owned subsidiary held 3.55% equity interest, respectively, in Shanghai Zhuli. The Group held 39.99% effective equity interest in such non-
         wholly-owned subsidiary. Therefore, the Group held 88.78% effective equity interest in Shanghai Zhuli.

7.       The Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary held 14.46% equity interest and through a consolidated fund under its management held 3.74%
         equity interest, respectively, in Sanyuan Foods. The Group held 37.20% effective equity interest in such fund. Therefore, the Group held 15.85%
         effective equity interest in Sanyuan Foods.

8.       The Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary held 29.77% equity interest in BabyTree, and Fidelidade held 0.14% equity interest in BabyTree.
         Therefore, the Group held 29.88% effective equity interest in BabyTree.

9.       The Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary held 24.49% equity interest in Bohe Health, and through a subsidiary in which the Group held
         80.81% effective equity interest, held 4.48% equity interest in Bohe Health. In addition, Yuyuan through its wholly-owned subsidiary held 0.88%
         equity interest in Bohe Health. Therefore, the Group held 28.65% effective equity interest in Bohe Health.

10.      The Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary held 54.46% equity interest in Lanvin Group, and Yuyuan through its wholly-owned subsidiary held
         4.19% equity interest in Lanvin Group. Therefore, the Group held 57.05% effective equity interest in Lanvin Group.

11.      The Group through a subsidiary, in which the Group held 51% equity interest, held 98.12% equity interest in St Hubert SAS. Therefore, the Group
         held 50.04% effective equity interest in St Hubert SAS. As at the date of this announcement, St Hubert SAS has cancelled its treasury shares, the
         Group held through a subsidiary, in which the Group held 51% equity interest, held 100% equity interest in St Hubert SAS.

12.      In February 2024, the Group entered into an agreement to dispose all its equity interest in Guide. As at the date of this announcement, the
         transaction has not been completed.

13.      Shanghai Insight Investment Management Limited exclusively uses “Fosun RZ Capital” brand.

14.      In January 2024, the Group entered into an agreement to sell 846,000,000 shares of BCP. As at the date of this announcement, the transaction has
         been completed and the Group held 20.03% equity interest in BCP.

15.      The Group through its wholly-owned subsidiaries and the consolidated fund under its management held 49.77% equity interest in Easun Technology.
         Therefore, the Group held 44.40% effective equity interest in Easun Technology. Additionally, the non-consolidated entities in which the Group
         participated in the investment held 32.66% equity interest in Easun Technology.

16.      The Group through its wholly-owned subsidiary and the consolidated fund under its management held 18.41% equity interest in JEVE. Therefore, the
         Group held 16.61% effective equity interest in JEVE. Additionally, the non-consolidated entities in which the Group participated in the investment
         held 31.53% equity interest in JEVE.




                                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                             21
       Health


During the Reporting Period, the revenue and profit attributable to owners of the parent of the Health segment were as follows:


                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million


                                                      For the year ended           For the year ended          Change over the same
                                                      31 December 2023             31 December 2022             period of last year
                                     Revenue               46,314.4                     48,001.3                        (3.5%)
  Profit attributable to owners of the parent                 580.2                      1,348.7                       (57.0%)


During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Health segment amounted to RMB46,314.4 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 3.5%. Profit attributable to owners of the parent of the Health segment amounted to RMB580.2 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 57.0%. The decrease in revenue of the Health segment was mainly attributable to the significant decrease in the demand of
Covid-related products of Fosun Pharma but partially offset by the increase in revenue from Luz Saúde, resulting in a slight decrease of
3.5% year-on-year. The decrease in profit of the Health segment was mainly attributable to the decrease in profit of Fosun Pharma.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 22   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                   Management Discussion & Analysis




Fosun Pharma
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 36.07% equity interest in Fosun Pharma.


During the Reporting Period, the revenue of Fosun Pharma amounted to RMB41,249 million, representing a decrease of 5.85% as
compared to the same period of last year. The year-on-year change was mainly due to the significant year-on-year decline in revenue from
COVID-related products, including Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine), Jie Bei An (azvudine tablets), COVID-19 antigen and nucleic acid
test kits, as the COVID-19 no longer constituted a “Public Health Emergency of International Concern”.


Excluding COVID-related products, the revenue of Fosun Pharma during the Reporting Period recorded a year-on-year increase of
approximately 12.43%. In particular: (1) in respect of the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment, the revenue from key products such as
HANSIZHUANG (serplulimab injection), trastuzumab injection (trade name in Chinese mainland: HANQUYOU) and Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag
maleate tablets) maintained rapid growth. Upon being approved for launch in March 2022, HANSIZHUANG achieved revenue of RMB1,120
million during the Reporting Period, representing a year-on-year growth of 230.20%; trastuzumab injection achieved revenue of RMB2,749
million, representing a year-on-year growth of 58.19%6; Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets) achieved revenue of RMB922 million,
representing a year-on-year growth of 19.67%; Otezla (apremilast tablets), Akynzeo (netupitant and palonosetron hydrochloride capsules)
and other drugs were included in the National Medical Insurance Drugs Catalogue (officially executed in March 2023); (2) in respect of the
medical devices segment, the market demand of non-invasive ventilators for medical and home use (including Clearway 2 and others) in
Europe and America recorded recovery growth.


During the Reporting Period, Fosun Pharma’s net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company amounted to RMB2,399 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 35.8%. In particular, the net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company after
deducting extraordinary gain or loss amounted to RMB2,011 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 48.08%, which was mainly
due to the following factors:


(1)    Impacts of COVID-related products: ① COVID-related products and assets with indications of impairment were disposed, and
       impairment provisions were made, totaling approximately RMB683 million; ② with a significant decline in revenue from COVID-
       related products, profits decreased accordingly; ③ there were still expenses arising from the team, medical and market activities for
       COVID-related operations during the Reporting Period.


(2)    Finance costs increased by RMB361 million year-on-year as a result of USD interest hikes, USD appreciation and other factors, as
       well as the changes in interest-bearing liabilities scale.


(3)    As a result of the increasing human resources cost, consultation fees and other expenses, the administrative expenses recorded
       a year-on-year increase of RMB579 million; excluding the effects from newly acquired companies, the administrative expenses
       increased by RMB296 million on the same basis.


(4)    As a result of the impacts of the costs and amortization of the acquisition of Cenexi by Gland Pharma, and operating losses of
       Cenexi, net profits recorded a year-on-year decrease.


During the Reporting Period, Fosun Pharma recorded extraordinary gain or loss of RMB388 million, which mainly included the gains from
the disposal of non-core assets such as Tianjin Pharma and the gains from changes in fair value of financial assets such as YSB, representing
a year-on-year increase of RMB524 million.




6      Revenue from trastuzumab injection included sales revenue from preparations in Chinese mainland (trade name in Chinese mainland: HANQUYOU)
       and sales revenue from drug substance in overseas markets.




                                                                                                               FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                             23
Management Discussion & Analysis




During the Reporting Period, the total R&D expenditure of Fosun Pharma amounted to RMB5,937 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 0.88%. In particular, R&D expenses amounted to RMB4,346 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.02%.


During the Reporting Period, the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of Fosun Pharma generated revenue of RMB30,080 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.00%. In particular, excluding COVID-related products, the revenue of the pharmaceutical
manufacturing segment of Fosun Pharma recorded a year-on-year increase of 13.47%, which was mainly due to the revenue from new
products and sub-new products (excluding COVID-related products) maintaining rapid growth.


During the Reporting Period, the segment results of the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment amounted to RMB2,134 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 43.77%, and segment profits amounted to RMB1,974 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 42.26%, which was mainly due to: (1) the impacts of COVID-related products: ① COVID-related products and assets with indications
of impairment were disposed, and impairment provisions were made, totaling approximately RMB569 million; ② with a significant decline
in revenue from COVID-related products, profits decreased accordingly; ③ there were still expenses arising from the team, medical and
market activities for COVID-related operations during the Reporting Period; (2) as a result of the impacts of the costs and amortization of
the acquisition of Cenexi by Gland Pharma, and operating losses of Cenexi, net profits recorded a year-on-year decrease; (3) the investment
in commercialization preparations before the launch of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) in the United States market.


During the Reporting Period, the R&D expenditures in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of Fosun Pharma amounted to RMB5,172
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.47%. R&D expenditures in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment accounted for
17.19% of the revenue from the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. In particular, R&D expenses amounted to RMB3,638 million,
accounting for 12.09% of the revenue from the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment.


During the Reporting Period, 6 innovative drugs with a total of 8 indications and 29 generic drugs varieties of Fosun Pharma (including
import drug licenses but excluding 13 generic drugs preparations approved for launch by the United States FDA of Gland Pharma) were
approved for launch. 5 innovative drugs/biosimilars with a total of 7 indications7 and 64 generic drugs varieties (including import drug
licenses but excluding overseas applications of Gland Pharma) had applied for launch. In addition, a total of 20 innovative drugs/biosimilars
(indications) were approved for clinical trials (calculated by indications) during the Reporting Period.


During the Reporting Period, Fosun Pharma recorded revenue of RMB4,386 million from the medical devices and medical diagnosis
segment, representing a year-on-year decrease of 36.74%. Excluding COVID-related products, the revenue growth on the same basis was
4.25%. During the Reporting Period, the segment results of the medical devices and medical diagnosis segment amounted to RMB-126
million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB647 million; and segment profits amounted to RMB-33 million, representing a year-on-
year decrease of RMB804 million due to (1) the impacts of COVID-19 antigen and nucleic acid test kits: ① the disposal of and impairment
provisions for inventory products and related assets, and ② the impacts on profits as a result of the significant decrease in revenue; (2)
the sales of non-COVID operations of medical diagnosis business were lower than expected; (3) the periodical impact on the business
performance as a result of the establishment of new direct sales offices in the United Kingdom, Dubai and other regions, the transition
from a distribution model to a direct sales model and the increase in costs related to the brand ambassador project of Sisram.


During the Reporting Period, the revenue from the healthcare services segment amounted to RMB6,667 million, representing a year-on-
year increase of 9.73%. Segment results amounted to RMB-201 million, representing a year-on-year decrease in loss of RMB421 million.
Segment profits amounted to RMB-440 million, representing a year-on-year decrease in loss of RMB352 million. The main reasons for the
year-on-year decrease in loss included the further focus and optimized expenses of online business, as well as the significant cost reduction
through the centralized procurement of drugs and devices.


During the Reporting Period, Fosun Pharma continued to implement its internationalization strategy in multiple dimensions including
innovative R&D, license-in projects, production and operation as well as commercialization. Fosun Pharma enhanced its operational
efficiency and expanded global market layout, primarily covering the United States, Europe, Africa, India, Southeast Asia and other overseas
markets.




7         Including the biologics license application (BLA) for trastuzumab injection, which is independently developed by Fosun Pharma, in the United States
          submitted by Accord BioPharma Inc., a partner of Fosun Pharma.




         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
    24   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Management Discussion & Analysis




In matured regulatory markets, Fosun Pharma continued to enhance its global operation capabilities. It has set up multi-point R&D
centers to realize global innovation, and gradually improved the commercialization system in different regulated markets through self-
establishment, cooperation and other means. In the United States market, Fosun Pharma has established a growing self-operated generic
drug team, and cooperated with 5 major distributors and 16 group purchasing organizations to facilitate sales of preparations products.
Fosun Pharma also established an innovative drug team in the United States, and initiated the preparation works on the commercialization
of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor). In the European market, during the Reporting Period, Gland Pharma, a subsidiary, completed the
acquisition of Cenexi, a European CDMO company, so as to strategically establish its CDMO business presence in the European market
and build up local manufacturing capabilities in Europe, thus further expand its customer base. During the Reporting Period, Sisram, a
subsidiary, completed the acquisition of the direct sales channels in China, thus achieving a direct sales layout in the Chinese market
for the medical aesthetics business. As at the end of the Reporting Period, its marketing network covered more than 100 countries and
regions across the world, and the proportion of direct sales revenue further increased to 78%. The marketing network of Breas Medical
Holdings AB, a subsidiary, covers Europe, the United States, China, Japan, India and Australia and etc., and has continued to deepen local
manufacturing based on the market demand in China. The construction of Intuitive Fosun Medical Robot Manufacturing and R&D Center in
Shanghai of Intuitive Fosun, an associate, has been progressing rapidly. Upon completion of the construction, the center will be the second
global R&D and manufacturing base of Da Vinci Surgical Robot in addition to the base in Silicon Valley, the United States, thus facilitating
the domestic manufacturing of Da Vinci Surgical Robot in Chinese mainland.


As for emerging markets, in Africa, Fosun Pharma primarily conducts medical product export and distribution in the English-speaking and
French-speaking regions in Sub-Saharan Africa, with sales network covering over 40 countries and regions. Fosun Pharma is constructing a
park integrating drug R&D, manufacturing, logistics and delivery in Cote d’Ivoire, aiming to realize local drug manufacturing and supply in
Africa.


Shanghai Henlius
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group indirectly held 59.56% equity interest in Shanghai Henlius.


Shanghai Henlius continued to improve the establishment and layout of the integrated platform of R&D, production and commercialization
in 2023. During the Reporting Period, it efficiently promoted the commercialization of products and achieved first semi-annual profit and
first annual profit. The clinical development and drug registration of pipeline products and international production capacity were orderly
promoted.


Shanghai Henlius has strong global product commercialization capabilities. In order to achieve continuous growth in sales scale of
products, Shanghai Henlius has an experienced commercialization team covering five major segments, namely market promotion, channel
management, pricing and market access, domestic sales and strategic planning. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Shanghai Henlius’
commercialization team was of nearly 1,500 people. With a solid new drug pipeline and a rapid clinical advancement strategy, as at 19
March 2024, being the latest practicable date for the publication of Shanghai Henlius’ 2023 annual results announcement (the “Shanghai
Henlius LPD”), 5 products (19 indications) of Shanghai Henlius have been successfully marketed in Chinese Mainland (excluding Hong
Kong, Macau and Taiwan regions of the PRC), and 2 products have been successfully marketed in Europe, Australia, Indonesia and other
counties/regions. During the Reporting Period, the third and fourth indications for extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) and
esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) of HANSIZHUANG applied for marketing in Chinese Mainland have been approved; the new
drug application for extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) indication was accepted by the European Medicines Agency (EMA)
and approved by the Indonesia’s National Agency for Drug and Food Control (BPOM) during the Reporting Period, which demonstrated
the successful exploration in the international market had opened a new chapter in HANSIZHUANG benefiting patients worldwide. As
a representative domestic biologic to “go global”, HANQUYOU has successfully been approved for marketing in over 40 countries and
regions, including the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, France, Italy, Switzerland, Australia, Singapore, Argentina, Brazil, etc., and its
new drug applications in the United States and Canada have also been accepted. During the Reporting Period, core products continued to
expand its sales, and Shanghai Henlius recorded an operating income of RMB5,394.9 million, representing an increase of 67.8% compared
to the same period in the last year; the profit was approximately RMB546.0 million, and a loss of approximately RMB695.3 million in 2022.




                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                         25
Management Discussion & Analysis




During the Reporting Period, based on clinical needs, Shanghai Henlius has orderly organised the development of innovative products.
As at the Shanghai Henlius LPD, Shanghai Henlius has carried out a total of more than 30 clinical trials in an orderly manner in various
countries/regions across the world, and achieved significant progress in 11 clinical trials and obtained 8 clinical trial approvals during the
Reporting Period. By centering on patients’ needs, with the clinical value-oriented early R&D, Shanghai Henlius coordinated with early R&D
teams in China and the United States, based on new drug discovery platforms driven by deep data and biocomputing accelerated molecular
design technology, to continue to develop high-quality and affordable innovative drugs to treat complex diseases with the help of network
biology and polypharmacology. As at the Shanghai Henlius LPD, Shanghai Henlius has a total of 59 molecules (including 48 innovative
drugs and 11 biosimilar drugs) in its pipeline and 18 R&D platforms, with the forms of drug covering monoclonal antibody, bispecific
antibody, ADC, recombinant protein and small molecule-drug conjugates, etc.. During the Reporting Period, Shanghai Henlius recognized
expensed R&D expenditure of approximately RMB1,118.7 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB275.8 million as compared
to approximately RMB1,394.5 million in 2022.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, Shanghai Henlius, with a total commercial production capacity of 48,000L (including the Xuhui
Facility with a commercial production capacity of 24,000L and Songjiang First Plant with a commercial production capacity of 24,000L), has
fully supported the commercialization needs of products approved for marketing in Chinese Mainland and overseas. During the Reporting
Period, the production lines of HANSIZHUANG, HANLIKANG and HANQUYOU in the Xuhui Facility have successively passed the pre-
approval GMP inspection of related products by the drug and health supervision agencies in Indonesia, Brazil and the Netherlands. Among
them, the production lines of drug substance and drug product of HANSIZHUANG have passed the GMP certification of the Netherlands,
an EU Member State, marking that such production lines have met the EU GMP standards. During the Reporting Period, Songjiang
First Plant accepted the Pre-License Inspection (PLI) of HANQUYOU by the FDA, and at Songjiang First Plant, the Process Performance
Qualification (PPQ) batches productions of products such as HLX04-O, HLX11 and HLX14 drug substance were completed, and the product
commercialization process was steadily advanced. Shanghai Henlius will gradually improve and enhance large-scale commercial production
capacity based on a sound quality management system, so that it can expand capacity and improve economic cost-effectiveness while
maintaining high quality standards.


Gland Pharma
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group indirectly held 57.86% equity interest in Gland Pharma.


Gland Pharma has a track record of building its global scale through the B2B model. Its B2B model covers intellectual property-led
technology transfer and contract manufacturing models. Gland Pharma also targets end consumers such as hospitals, nursing homes,
and government agencies in the Indian market through its B2C model. Gland Pharma is now strengthening its presence in complex
injectables and enhancing its CDMO business. In April 2023, Gland Pharma through its wholly-owned subsidiary in Singapore, entered into
a share purchase agreement to acquire a 100% equity interest in Cenexi. Cenexi and its subsidiaries are engaged primarily in CDMO of
pharmaceutical products with expertise in sterile liquid and lyophilized fill-finished drugs, including capabilities in oncology and complex
products. It has a presence across four European manufacturing sites, including three in France and one in Belgium. Cenexi provides Gland
Pharma access to know-how and development capabilities in sterile forms, including niche technologies. This acquisition will accelerate
Gland Pharma’s global presence and further solidify its reputation and positioning as a pure-play, injectable-focused CDMO company.


During the Reporting Period, Gland Pharma’s consolidated revenue, including Cenexi, was USD594 million, representing a year-on-
year increase of 25%. This growth is a testament to Gland Pharma’s expanding global presence across key markets, including the U.S.,
Canada, Europe, Australia and India. The company has strategically expanded its business presence in the rest of the world (ROW)
markets to strengthen its global position further. The core markets, which include the U.S., Europe, Canada, Australia and New Zealand,
have contributed 73% of the total revenue. The ROW markets and the Indian business have contributed 21% and 6% of the revenue,
respectively. Gland Pharma’s commitment to further progress in China is evident from its first set of approvals for dexrazoxane and
zoledronic acid. Maximizing the reach of Gland Pharma’s US-approved portfolio in other geographies, including China, will be a crucial
factor in its continued growth and market expansion.


During 2023, Gland Pharma launched or re-introduced 52 molecules (48 in the US) in global markets. The new introductions also included
some high-value products such as Rocuronium Bromide, Carboplatin and Ketorolac Tromethamine, for which Gland Pharma’s partners have
begun to see traction, and Gland Pharma is optimistic about their future growth in volumes.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 26   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                   Management Discussion & Analysis




While the US generic market had turbulence due to pricing scenarios and intense competition, the pricing environment for most of Gland
Pharma’s products for the year of 2023 remained stable, and Gland Pharma saw an increase in volume for some of its older products. On
the operational front, Gland Pharma has always emphasized efficiency and productivity enhancements while delivering consistently high-
quality products. Gland Pharma’s unwavering commitment to regulatory compliance with the agencies and partners is a cornerstone of its
operations, ensuring the safety and efficacy of its products.


For future growth, Gland Pharma will continue to invest in R&D and production capabilities, strengthen vertical integration, and expand
Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (“API”) production capacity to reduce dependence on APIs purchased externally. Meanwhile, Gland
Pharma will accelerate its growth through mergers and acquisitions, focusing on complex technology and product platforms (e.g., long-
acting/suspension products) and complex API raw material production technologies (e.g., fermentation technology). As 31 December 2023,
Gland Pharma and its partners filed 346 Abbreviated New Drug Applications (“ANDAs”) in the United States, 279 of which were approved
and 67 pending approval. Gland Pharma has 1,659 product registrations worldwide.


Sisram
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group indirectly held 71.42% equity interest in Sisram.


During the Reporting Period, Sisram recorded a total revenue of USD359.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.4%. The
overall increase was primarily attributable to the revenue growth in direct offices, mainly North America and newly established the PRC
office. During the Reporting Period, gross profit increased by 8.6% to USD219.5 million from USD202.2 million in the same period of last
year. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by the successful execution of expanded direct presence strategy, led by acquisition
and new establishment of direct operation office in PRC. This initiative enabled Sisram to increase the average selling prices while
leveraging growth in other Asia Pacific offices. Net profit attributable to shareholders of Sisram was USD31.5 million, representing a year-
on-year decrease of 21.6%. Sisram continued to increase its R&D efforts. During the Reporting Period, R&D expense amounted to USD18
million which was similar to the same period of last year.


Energy-based devices business: during the Reporting Period, Sisram launched three products into new territories: Soprano Titanium™ – the
flagship equipment platform of Alma Lasers Ltd. (“Alma”, a core subsidiary of Sisram) for hair removal was introduced to North America
market following regulatory FDA clearance. Opus was introduced to international markets outside the United States. Opus is equipment
platform for skin resurfacing and face tightening. Alma Veil™ was launched in North America. The product is an advanced, dual-
wavelength vascular laser workstation with remarkable efficacy across a comprehensive range of vascular and dermatological conditions.
Furthermore, Sisram intensified its R&D efforts and advanced the R&D process actively. During the Reporting Period, VorFat System, which
adopts a new technique of micronized fraction of the adipose tissue independently developed by the company, received the clearance from
the FDA for marketing in the United States. The Device is intended for the closed-loop processing of microfragment adipose tissue for re-
injection in medical procedures involving the harvesting, concentrating and transferring of autologous adipose tissue harvested with a
lipoplasty system. It is also intended for use in certain surgical specialties while the transfer of harvested adipose tissue for aesthetic body
contouring is desired.


Injection filler business: in April 2023, Sisram announced that the drug registration application of RT002 (Daxibotulinumtoxin A) was
accepted by the NMPA. Sisram was granted the sublicense rights to use, import, sales and other commercial activities of the product in the
Region (i.e. Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong and Macau, hereinafter the same) and the product is indicated for the temporary improvement
in the appearance of moderate to severe glabellar lines associated with corrugator and/or procerus muscle activity in adult patients. In
November 2023, Sisram announced that the registration application of Profhilo®, an injectable product exclusively distributed by the
company in Chinese Mainland, was accepted by the NMPA. The product is a buffered physiological solution of high molecular weight
hyaluronic acid (H-HA) and low molecular weight hyaluronic acid (L-HA). It uses NAHYCO® patented mixing technology to bring a better
anti-aging experience to beauty seekers and patients.


Personal care brand: LMNT (medical-grade home beauty device) launched the 2nd generation product LMNT O2.




                                                                                                              FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                            27
Management Discussion & Analysis




In addition to the vertical cultivation of the business field, Sisram is actively strategizing in marketing and global expansion. During the
Report Period, at the Alma Academy event hosted by Sisram in Italy and the United States, numerous renowned physicians and key opinion
leaders gathered together, and Sisram displayed a number of award-winning Alma products to further enhance the reputation of Sisram
and its brand globally. In June 2023, Sisram opened its first wellness center – Sisram Wellness Center in downtown Chicago to offer a
comprehensive range of advanced medical aesthetic services in skin health, beauty, and wellness, providing exceptional care tailored to
everyone’s unique needs and concerns. The opening of the center will enable the company to gather valuable insights from end-users,
placing their needs and aspirations at the forefront, so as to strengthen the brand image and solidify its market position.


Sisram also further expanded its channels. During the Reporting Period, Sisram established new direct offices in Japan and Dubai, both will
start with the business of energy-based devices and gradually expand into the company’s wellness ecosystem business units. Additionally, in
June 2023, Sisram completed the acquisition of PhotonMed, China’s leading energy-based device distributor and Alma’s strategic partner.
The acquisition strengthens the company’s direct-to-consumer strategy and reinforces the Sisram’s leadership positioning and brand in Asia
Pacific market.


Fosun Health
Based on its existing superior medical resources and digital platform, Fosun Health takes medical care as its core and develops business
layout in the fields of medical group, smart medical care and insurance empowerment. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Fosun Health
controlled 18 general and specialized hospitals, clinics and third-party inspection institutions in the five major economic belts including the
Greater Bay Area, the Yangtze River Delta, the Jing-Jin-Ji (Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei), Central China, Chengdu and Chongqing, with a total of
6,548 approved beds in the controlled medical institutions, and held a total of 8 internet hospital licenses. During the Reporting Period,
Fosun Health achieved operating revenue of RMB6.3 billion, a year-on-year increase of 3%. The revenue growth was mainly due to the
gradual recovery of offline hospital business in the post-epidemic period, and the steady growth of various operating indicators. At the
same time, Fosun Health focused on its core business, deepened refined operations, and promoted various cost reduction and efficiency
improvement measures. The overall profitability of its major hospitals was stable and improving. The losses of the growth-stage hospitals
and the investment-stage business segments were significantly narrowed. During the Reporting Period, the loss in segment was RMB0.4
billion, a year-on-year decrease in loss of RMB0.4 billion.


In terms of medical group, through continuous promotion of the integration of online and offline medical institutions, and the expansion
of primary medical services, Fosun Health formed a regional healthcare services network surrounding key regions such as the Greater Bay
Area and the Yangtze River Delta. Fosun Health took self-operated flagship hospitals as the starting point to collaborate with regional
medical institutions to integrate prevention, diagnosis, treatment and rehabilitation services, thereby meeting the diversified medical needs
of the users. During the Reporting Period, Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital became the first designated hospital in Foshan under the
measure of using Hong Kong registered drugs and medical devices used in Hong Kong public hospitals in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao
Greater Bay Area. Guangzhou Fosun Changchen Hospital entered into a strategic cooperation with Guangdong Pharmaceutical University.
StarKids Children’s Hospital of Shanghai officially commenced operation, and Xuzhou Star Maternity and Children’s Hospital expanded
featured departments and extended service areas, to deeply cultivate the fields of gynecology and pediatrics medical services. Yue Yang
Guang Ji Hospital signed a cooperation agreement with Xiang Xing College of Hunan University of Chinese Medicine.


In terms of intelligent healthcare, many medical institutions including Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital and its medical units have
continuously improved the “cloud HIS” (a new-generation intelligent healthcare cloud platform) and internet hospital SaaS (the “dual SaaS
platform”) system, to enhance the underlying digital capabilities and patient integration services capabilities.


In terms of insurance empowerment, Fosun Health continued to promote two-way empowerment of healthcare and insurance to provide
insurance and health management services for users. Fosun Health launched the construction of a commercial insurance system for member
medical institutions, and created customized insurance empowerment solutions around featured and cutting-edge medical technologies to
enable more specialized patients to enjoy special medical services.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 28   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                   Management Discussion & Analysis




Looking forward to 2024 and beyond, leveraging its existing advantageous medical resources and digital platform, Fosun Health will
continue to deepen its business deployment in the fields of medical group, intelligent healthcare and insurance empowerment, focus on
advantageous areas such as the Greater Bay Area, facilitate the integration of online and offline services, improve its specialized capabilities
and life-cycle management system based on the course of disease, and accelerate the development of the one-stop health management
services that integrate medicine and healthcare, aiming to realize its vision of becoming an “Asia’s leading and world-class medical and
healthcare technology group”.


Fosun Care (Shanghai Zhuli Investment Co., Ltd.)
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held approximately 90.91% equity interest in Shanghai Zhuli.


Since its establishment in 2012, Fosun Care has maintained a refined operational model with high standard, high quality and high
efficiency. It was awarded, among others, the 2nd of the “TOP 50 Comprehensive Strength of China’s Healthcare Industry Operators
of 2023”, demonstrating the comprehensive strength of Fosun Care. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Fosun Care invested in and
operated senior care and nursing institutions in nearly 10 cities including Beijing, Shanghai, Ningbo, Suzhou, Tianjin, Wuhan, Foshan and
other cities, with a total of over 11,000 beds held. During the Reporting Period, the revenue of Fosun Care amounted to RMB162.43
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.2%.


In terms of ecosystem synergy, Fosun Care continues to strengthen its in-depth cooperation with insurance companies. It worked closely
with insurance companies through the innovation and marketing of the “large-sum annuity insurance + senior community residency rights”
insurance product in cooperation with Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance and Fosun United Health Insurance, which helped boost large-sum
insurance sales with new policy regular premium of RMB2.34 billion in 2023. Through the integration of “insurance + senior”, the elderly
care business provides assistance and guarantee for insurance companies to leverage on the liability side through high-quality offline scene
construction and service guarantees. At the same time, the insurance related cooperative sales revenue of Fosun Care achieved a growth of
over 240%.


In addition, as insurance companies, especially for the small and medium-sized insurance companies, are making every effort to realize
breakthroughs and development, there is an urgent need for high-quality equity products to empower insurance product sales. Fosun
Care is currently cooperating with internal and external insurance companies to carry out insurance equity product innovation through
the development of permanent residence service rights, residence abroad service rights, home service rights, care insurance, health
management and other equity products, turning the health care community into a marketing scene for insurance companies, empowering
small and medium-sized insurance companies to sell policies, serving the full life cycle health care needs of C-end customers, and achieving
a deep integration of insurance and health care.


In the future, focusing on “medical care, wellness, healthcare and enjoyment (醫、養、康、享)” as its core businesses, built upon its own
asset management and operation capabilities as the cornerstone, and leveraging through refined operation system, Fosun Care will build
a digital and intelligent system for health and wellness communities, realizing a full-service digital platform. At the same time, Fosun Care
focused on the development of diversified products in core cities and core regions, and accelerated the launch of beds in an asset-light
model. It aims at striving to become a benchmark enterprise in China’s senior care industry.




                                                                                                              FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                            29
Management Discussion & Analysis




Happiness
Happiness




       Happiness


During the Reporting Period, the revenue and (loss)/profit attributable to owners of the parent of the Happiness segment were as follows:


                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million


                                                        For the year ended           For the year ended          Change over the same
                                                        31 December 2023             31 December 2022             period of last year
                                           Revenue           88,946.4                     70,739.5                      25.7%
 (Loss)/Profit attributable to owners of the parent            (263.9)                     1,561.4                     (116.9%)


During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Happiness segment amounted to RMB88,946.4 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 25.7%, which was mainly attributable to the rising gold price and strong tourism demand after the pandemic, driving the
revenue growth of Yuyuan and FTG, respectively. During the Reporting Period, the loss attributable to owners of the parent of the
Happiness segment was RMB263.9 million, representing a decrease of 116.9% as compared with the same period in 2022, mainly due to
the decrease in profit of Yuyuan.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 30   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                              Management Discussion & Analysis




Yuyuan
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held approximately 61.85% equity interest in Yuyuan.


The businesses of Yuyuan mainly consist of fashion jewelry, cultural business, cultural dining and food and beverage, beauty and health,
Chinese fashion watches, real estate complex and commercial management, etc. With the support of the global platform and resource
empowerment system of the Group, Yuyuan has its strategic vision targeted at family customers.


During the Reporting Period, Yuyuan’s revenue for the year amounted to RMB58.147 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
15.83%, of which the net profit attributable to shareholders of Yuyuan was RMB2.024 billion, representing a year-on-year drop of 45%.
The sales revenue from the consumption industry reached RMB41.694 billion, accounting for 71.70% of Yuyuan’s revenue.


During the Reporting Period, by optimizing market layout and upgrading product offerings, the operation channels of jewelry and fashion
business of Yuyuan continued to expand, with increasing product competitiveness and market share. The performance of jewelry and
fashion business has outperformed than expected. In addition, the customer flow in commercial landmarks, such as Yuyuan Tourist Mart,
has gradually recovered, boosting the improvement in commercial management, cultural dining and other businesses. During the Reporting
Period, Yuyuan completed the disposal of shares in IGI Group, allowing Yuyuan to put more resources in key development strategies and
projects, and bringing more non-operating profit during the Reporting Period.


While actively creating business value, Yuyuan attaches great importance to corporate social responsibility and deeply understands the
concept of green development. Yuyuan continuously improves its internal environmental management system and optimizes its corporate
governance structure. Benefiting from significant improvements on issues such as green development, privacy protection and data security,
as well as corporate behavior, Yuyuan achieved an MSCI ESG rating of A in 2023, which has been continuously upgrading in recent years.


During the Reporting Period, the main business performance of Yuyuan is as follows:


–      Yuyuan’s jewelry and fashion business achieved revenue of RMB36.727 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.05%.
       The jewelry and fashion network expanded significantly, with a net increase of 424 stores to 5,016 stores. At the same time,
       the product structure was further optimized. The sales of “Guyun Gold” (古韻金), the high-margin series products with ancient
       craftsmanship, around RMB8.9 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 71%.


–      Yuyuan Tourist Mart hosted over 1,300 cultural and commercial activities in 2023 that attracted almost 40 million visitors. The
       Yuyuan Lantern Festival, a national intangible cultural heritage, was held cross-border for the first time and was successfully
       launched in France. It was listed as the opening event to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties
       between China and France and the China-France Year of Culture and Tourism.


–      Cultural dining achieved revenue of RMB1.421 billion, a significant year-on-year increase of 119.75%. Catering of Old Town God’s
       Temple entered the top 50 in the top 100 catering rankings, ranking 48th, has risen six places compared with last year’s ranking.




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       31
Management Discussion & Analysis




Shede Spirits
As at the end of the Reporting Period, Yuyuan held approximately 30.22% equity interest in Shede Spirits through Sichuan Tuopai Shede
Group Co., Ltd..


During the Reporting Period, Shede Spirits adhered to the core principle of “maintaining stable prices, controlling inventories and
promoting sales”. Through the implementation of consumer experience projects, such as Shede Classic Liquor Banquets (舍得老酒盛宴)
and Shede Smart Tour (舍得智慧之旅), it recorded steady growth in traditional markets, meanwhile the sales in emerging markets such as
Chongqing, Beijing, Shanghai and Urumqi grew rapidly. Under the leadership of the management and the efforts of the operation teams,
Shede Spirits managed to achieve excellent results in both production and operation. During the Reporting Period, Shede Spirits recorded
revenue of RMB7,081 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.9%, and net profit attributable to shareholders of Shede Spirits
recorded RMB1,771 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.1%. In particular, the revenue of liquor and spirits reached RMB6,560
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.0%. In terms of liquor and spirits category, the revenue of mid-range and high-end
liquor and spirits products amounted to RMB5,655 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.0%, while the revenue of regular
liquor and spirits products amounted to RMB905 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.1%. While the revenue continued to
grow, multiple measures were taken to strengthen expense control by Shede Spirits. During the Reporting Period, the management expense
ratio decreased by 0.7 percentage points year-on-year.


In terms of operational management, adhering to the overall principle of “accumulating procedures through campaigns, creating hit
products through breakthroughs”, Shede Spirits continued to carry out capital campaign, gathered resources to make breakthroughs in
key cities and deepened the national market layout. It announced the launch of its new strategic product, “Classic Collection • Ten Years
of Shede Spirits (藏品•舍得10年)”, with price around RMB1,000. Following Yelanggujiu Industry Co., Ltd. officially put into operations,
Shede Spirits stepped into the field of sauce-flavour spirits. Shede Spirits proactively explored new channels such as key account (KA), C2M
and private sections, aiming to improve its omni-channel operation capability. It regulated the operation of “3+1” distributor consultation
committee, and strengthened its coordination with factories. Through digitalization, BC interaction, targeted marketing and other means,
Shede Spirits promoted product sales. Under the intensifying market competition, with the implementation of the aforementioned
measures, Shede Spirits sales volume maintained stable growth in major liquor and spirits products including Taste of Shede Spirits (品味舍
得), Way of Shede Spirits (舍之道), Tuopai T68 premium liquor (沱牌特級 T68) and other products.


In terms of distribution channels, Shede Spirits has further consolidated its cooperation with distributors, optimized and adjusted them,
and introduced a group of strong distributors. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Shede Spirits had a total of 2,655 distributors,
representing a net increase of 497 distributors and 23% as compared to the end of 2022.


Looking forward to the year of 2024, Shede Spirits will adhere to four major strategies, steadfastly create large single products,
steadfastly increase high-end market share, steadfastly promote national layout and regional deepening, steadfastly promote brand
internationalization, and continuously enhance brand strength, product strength, channel strength, and organizational strength. Shede
Spirits will continue to implement intelligent upgrading and transformation of its production system, continuously improve the ecological
industry chain, actively expand production capacity, strengthen classic liquor reserves, and improve the quality of classic liquor; continuously
focus on work priorities such as “FC2M, ecosystem, science and technology Innovation, FES, and Oriental Lifestyle Aesthetics”, closely
adhere to the main theme of “confidence, resilience, lean, and creation”, strengthen core competitiveness, win key battles, and strive to
achieve high-speed growth.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 32   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                               Management Discussion & Analysis




FTG
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 78.21% equity interest in FTG.


During the Reporting Period, benefiting from worldwide lifting of pandemic-related restrictions and the release of strong demand for
vacations after the pandemic, FTG’s revenue was RMB17,151.8 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.5%; profit attributable
to equity holders of FTG was RMB307.2 million, compared with loss attributable to equity holders of FTG of RMB544.9 million for the same
period in 2022. FTG maintained a healthy financial position during the Reporting Period: in 2023, FTG achieved a net cash flows generated
from operating activities of RMB4.04 billion, representing an increase of 80.2% compared to that of 2022. As at the end of the Reporting
Period, the cash and bank balances of FTG was RMB2.99 billion.


Club Med, headquartered in France and founded in 1950, is the world leader in high-end, experience-oriented all-inclusive vacations for
families and couples alike. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Club Med has sales and marketing operations in more than 40 countries
and regions across six continents, and operates 68 resorts. In 2023, Club Med has successfully launched Urban Oasis Nanjing Xianlin and
Taicang, a unique product created specifically for Chinese urban family holiday, and unveiled two new premium resorts, Kiroro Grand in
Japan and La Rosière Exclusive Collection in France.


In 2023, the business volume of Club Med amounted to RMB15,122.5 million, representing an increase of 19.2% compared to that of
2022, and reaching to 118.3% of that of 2019; the capacity of Club Med increased by 6.4% as compared to that of 2022 and recovered
to 97.7% compared to that of 2019; the global average occupancy rate by room of Club Med reached 70.0%, increasing by 3.5
percentage points compared to 2022 and showed a gap of 1.5 percentage points compared with 2019; the average daily bed rate was
RMB1,681.2, at constant exchange rate, representing an increase of about 8.5% and 30.8% as compared with 2022 and 2019.


Atlantis Sanya is located on the Haitang Bay National Coast of Sanya in Hainan Province, China. It was officially opened in April 2018.
During the Reporting Period, the number of visits of Atlantis Sanya was 6,077,000; the business volume of Atlantis Sanya operating
business was RMB1,674.9 million, increased by 90.9% as compared to the same period in 2022. The average daily rate by room was
RMB2,385.5, with an average occupancy rate of 81.9%, up by 38.9 percentage points as compared to that of 2022.


In 2023, FTG incorporated its two major projects, Taicang and Lijiang, under the former “Foliday Town” brand into the “Vacation Asset
Management Center” business segment, integrating Taicang Alps Resort and Lijiang Club Med Resort. Taicang Alps Resort is located in
Taicang city, Jiangsu Province in Eastern China. The indoor ski domain of Alps Snow Live, Club Med Urban Oasis Taicang Resort and Alps
Time commenced their business in the second half of 2023. Taicang Alps Resort is in the ramp-up period since its opening. Benefiting
from the growth in demand for urban vacation and ice and snow tourism, as well as the continued enhancement of resort operations, the
project performance has been steadily improving.


Lijiang Club Med Resort is located in Baisha town in Lijiang City, Yunnan Province in Southwestern China. It includes Club Med Lijiang
resort, JOY PARK Commercial Street and Snow Mountain Camp. In 2023, Lijiang Club Med Resort recorded a business volume of RMB107.8
million, increased by 21.3% as compared to the same period in 2022.


In November 2019, FTG acquired the trademarks of Thomas Cook brand, a centennial travel brand, as well as its right, title and interest
across most international markets upon its liquidation. In 2023, FTG repositioned the former “Thomas Cook Lifestyle Platform” to “Foryou
Club”. Foryou Club is committed to providing high-quality domestic and international holiday products and services to its members and
their families around the world by creating a scenic platform for high-quality holiday services. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the
platform had over 6,529,000 members, and, in 2023, the number of paid users reached 114,000. Foryou Club recorded a business volume
of RMB354.7 million in 2023, representing an increase of 9.0% as compared to that of 2022. Additionally, Thomas Cook’s UK business, as
well as its operations in Europe, have continued to invest in their digital platform with a greater focus on higher-margin hotels and long-
haul holidays.




                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                         33
Management Discussion & Analysis




Lanvin Group
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 58.65% equity interest in Lanvin Group.


Lanvin Group, a global luxury fashion group, was founded in 2018. From 2018 to 2021, Lanvin Group acquired controlling equity interests
in Lanvin, one of the oldest operating French couture houses, established in 1889; Austrian luxury skinwear specialist Wolford; Italian
luxury shoemaker Sergio Rossi; iconic American womenswear brand St. John; and high-end Italian menswear maker Caruso. Lanvin Group’s
brands are known worldwide and the group has a far-reaching global presence in more than 80 countries with nearly 1,200 points of sales,
nearly 300 retail stores and approximately 3,000 employees as at the end of the Reporting Period.


The brand portfolio of Lanvin Group produces a wide range of luxury product categories and distributes through a combination of DTC
(Direct-to-Consumer) and wholesale channels across various regions. These aspects not only provide Lanvin Group with significant growth
opportunities, but also ensure its stability and resilience throughout market cycles. The brands of Lanvin Group have six professional
production facilities in Europe and North America covering the manufacture of footwear, skinwear, knitwear, menswear and fashion
jewelry, which is the basis for its brands to maintain their unparalleled product know-how and continuous innovation and R&D capabilities.


In December 2022, Lanvin Group became listed on NYSE under the ticker of “LANV”, which marked an important milestone of Lanvin
Group’s development and a key step in its strategy of building a symbolic portfolio of luxury fashion brands. The proceeds raised from the
listing transaction will be used to accelerate the organic growth of Lanvin Group’s brand platform and to fund strategic acquisitions that
enrich its luxury fashion portfolio.


The brands of Lanvin Group have undergone successful transformations over the past few years, which has also enabled Lanvin Group
to gradually establish a leading position. Lanvin Group is dedicated to continuous model innovation, increasing digital capabilities, omni-
channel activation, new market development, localized marketing, and the utilization of the its advantages and high-quality resources in
the Asia Pacific market. Lanvin Group is committed to helping brands optimize product structure and explore new categories with great
growth potential, such as leather goods and accessories.


During the Reporting Period8, Lanvin Group has further consolidated its business foundation in a challenging macro environment, achieving
a revenue of EUR426 million, a year-on-year increase of 1%. Lanvin Group further optimized its retail network, expanded its e-commerce
footprint, and maintained its business resilience and brand popularity in a challenging market environment through successful new product
launches and marketing initiatives.


The flagship brand Lanvin smoothly managed through a year of creative transition and achieved a revenue of EUR112 million during the
Reporting Period. While the brand’s revenue decreased by 11%, year-on-year in the first half of the year, the gap was eventually narrowed
to 7% for the full year, mainly due to the successful formation of the brand’s leather goods and accessories division and the launch of
Lanvin Lab – the first Lanvin Lab collection in collaboration with Grammy-winning rapper Future was successfully launched in the fourth
quarter. The positive momentum that the brand has shown in the second half of the year is expected to continue into 2024. In addition,
Lanvin Group completed the reacquisition of the brand’s trademark rights in Japan from ITOCHU Corporation, in March 2023, further
consolidating the integrity of the brand’s global intellectual property and management.


In February 2023, Wolford announced its new Creative Director, Nao Takekoshi, marking the company’s commitment to further shaping its
global brand image by reinforcing and reinventing its classic style. Under his leadership, the launch of new product lines and e-commerce
and store concepts, including a new featured product – the W.O.W. Legging – launched at the end of the year, as well as several amazing
collaborations with brands such as N21° and SIMKHAI have received positive responses from buyers and consumers around the world.


Sergio Rossi continuously strengthened the brand’s recognition and influence in key markets both domestically and internationally through
the relaunch of the iconic Mermaid collection, the collaboration with emerging New York fashion brand AREA, as well as the engagement
of its Greater China brand ambassador. Helen Wright, the brand’s new Chief Executive Officer, with more than 25 years of experience in
the industry, also took office in December 2023, and will lead Sergio Rossi towards faster change and growth.




8         All information of Lanvin Group is preliminary unaudited revenue information and the full 2023 annual report of Lanvin Group will be released in April
          2024.




         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
    34   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                               Management Discussion & Analysis




During the year, Lanvin Group continued to optimize its retail store network, resulting in an overall net decrease of 12 stores. Meanwhile,
while the total number of stores decreased, the revenue from direct-to-consumer (DTC) channels remained stable. St. John and Sergio Rossi
achieved like-for-like store revenue growth of 13% and 6%, respectively. Lanvin Group’s e-commerce revenue as a whole further achieved
a full-year growth of 3%, with St. John and Sergio Rossi’s e-commerce revenue increased by 14% and 5%, respectively. In addition, the
management successfully navigated through the increasingly challenging market environment in 2023. The revenue in North America and
EMEA market remained largely unchanged, showing slight growth and decline respectively, while Asia Pacific market grew 8%. Despite a
slow start in the first half of the year, Greater China eventually achieved full-year growth of 8%.


Lanvin Group continued to provide higher resiliency and profitability for its business by focusing on its product matrix and strengthening
its accessories category. Through a successful brand and product refocus strategy, St. John’s DTC channel achieved 7% growth in 2023.
Caruso has managed to achieve a strong growth of 30% in global revenue by continuing to strengthen its “playful elegance” brand
positioning and the specialized production capacity of its factory.


In 2024, Lanvin Group plans to continue to pursue strategic growth opportunities, such as further increasing its market share in the Asia
Pacific region. Continued marketing and new product launches are expected to drive sales growth in 2024. This will enable Lanvin Group
to further improve scale and capitalize on the operating leverage it built in 2023.




                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                         35
Management Discussion & Analysis




         Wealth

The Group’s Wealth segment includes two major sub-segments: Insurance and Asset Management (property and investment).




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 36   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                        Management Discussion & Analysis




INSURANCE
During the Reporting Period, the revenue and profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent of the Insurance segment were as follows:


                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB million


                                                                                             For the year ended
                                                             For the year ended              31 December 2022              Change over the same
                                                             31 December 2023                     (Restated)                period of last year
                                           Revenue                 37,453.6                        39,460.1                        (5.1%)
 Profit/(Loss) attributable to owners of the parent                   790.2                        (2,969.5)                       126.6%


During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Insurance segment decreased by 5.1% compared to the same period of last year, mainly
because of the disposal of AmeriTrust in 2022. Excluding the impact of AmeriTrust, the revenue increased by 6.2% year-on-year. Due
to the the continuous improvement of operating profits and seizing the global interest rising cycle to increase investment returns of the
insurance companies of the Group, the profit attributable to owners of the parent was RMB790.2 million during the Reporting Period,
representing a significant increase of 126.6% as compared with the same period of 2022.

Note: Financial data of individual insurance portfolio companies presented in this section are based on local general accounting standards applicable to
respective regulatory territories, and all quoted numbers are unaudited management information.



Fosun Insurance Portugal
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 84.9892% equity interest in Fosun Insurance Portugal.


Fosun Insurance Portugal’s total gross written premiums (“GWP”) for 2023 were EUR5,207 million, a slight increase of 1.7% year-on-
year. However, Life and Non-life businesses experienced contrasting performances. While the Non-life business consolidated GWP reached
EUR2,902 million, a sound 10.5% growth, the Life business decreased 7.5% to EUR2,305 million. The Life business decline was explained
by the Life financial business in Portugal, which contracted as a result of the macroeconomic environment. In spite of this, Fosun Insurance
Portugal maintained its leading position in the Portuguese market, with a market share of approximately 30%.


The international business reported an overall GWP of EUR1,703 million, a 10.6% raise year-on-year, highlighting the benefits of Fosun
Insurance Portugal’s international diversification strategy.


Fosun Insurance Portugal’s leading position in the country has allowed for a sound operating development in spite of an overall tough
business environment. During the Reporting Period, net income under HKFRS 17 was EUR180 million, representing an increase of 2.7%
year-on-year.


In October 2023, Fitch Ratings annual review maintained Fosun Insurance Portugal’s Insurer Financial Strength Rating at “A” and Long-
Term Issuer Default Rating at “A-”. Fitch’s update underlines Fosun Insurance Portugal’s very strong company profile, capitalization and
leverage assessments.


Throughout 2023, Fosun Insurance Portugal continued the implementation of its sustainability strategy. The company’s efforts on this front
were recognized in November 2023, when Sustainalytics assigned it an ESG rating of 11.7, Low Risk. This result places the company as the
fourth best rated insurance company in the world and the second among European insurers (out of 301 insurers assessed by Sustainalytics).


Fosun Insurance Portugal participated, for the first time, in the 2023 United Nations Climate Change Conference of the UNFCCC (COP28).
Its contribution, centered on Health, Assistance, Recovery and Peace, addressed policies that contribute to countries’ resilience, well-being
as well as stability.




                                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                   37
Management Discussion & Analysis




During 2023, Fosun Insurance Portugal received several awards related to its strong brand and high level of customer recognition. They
include Superbrands 2023 (general and health insurer categories), Trusted Brands (Fidelidade and Multicare brands), Best Reputation in
Industry 2023 (Fidelidade and Multicare), Escolha do Consumidor 2023 (general and health insurance brands), Five Star Award (customer
satisfaction) and Innovation in Insurance 2023 (for its Pet Ecosystem project).


In addition, Fosun Insurance Portugal’s 8 local companies were awarded Great Place to Work (GPTW) certification in 2023. Internationally,
14 companies of Fosun Insurance Portugal, located in 9 different countries, also achieved GPTW certifications.


Going forward, Fosun Insurance Portugal will remain focused on maintaining its leading position in the Portuguese market while preserving
sound technical profitability. It will also continue with the reshaping of its Life financial business, launching new capital-light products
which preserve its commercial competitiveness and allow optimal use of capital. Finally, the efforts to promote best practices among its
international operations will remain as a key element of its diversification strategy.


Peak Reinsurance
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 86.71% equity interest in Peak Reinsurance through Peak Reinsurance Holdings.


During the Reporting Period, Peak Reinsurance recorded GWP of USD1,761 million (2022: USD2,295 million)9 and reinsurance revenue of
USD1,556 million (2022: USD1,822 million). As at the end of the Reporting Period, Peak Reinsurance continued to be rated at A- (Excellent)
by AM Best, reflecting its good international brand reputation, diversified product portfolio and geographical advantages, as well as its
solid financial strength.


The year 2023 was characterized by high inflation, rising interest rates and a continuation of costly natural catastrophe events. The
confluence of factors resulted in more cautious attitudes of reinsurance capital providers, as highlighted in the tightness in the retrocession
market. A favourable tailwind prevailed throughout the year as reinsurance prices increased and terms of conditions tightened. The series
of expensive natural catastrophe events over the past years also kept demand for reinsurance at a high level.


Over the year, Peak Reinsurance continued to focus on stringent risk selection, adequate pricing, managing claims and expenses, and
finding new risk transfer solutions. Peak Reinsurance strategically and successfully realigned its property and casualty (“P&C”) portfolio
to reduce result volatility while maintaining global diversification. Actions taken included reducing exposure to severe natural catastrophe
perils, primarily in the US, Europe and Japan, shifting to higher layers and raising attachment points, and diversifying into non-catastrophe
lines of business.


These efforts cumulated in a strong P&C underwriting combined ratio of 87.3% (2022: 110.1%), a reinsurance service result (underwriting
profit) of USD157 million, and a contractual service margin (an indication of future profits) of USD70 million. Overall, the portfolio
adjustments made prior to 2023 proved prudent, given that all business lines and regions contributed positively to Peak Reinsurance’s 2023
record performance. Peak Reinsurance is proud to maintain a balanced, well-diversified and profitable P&C portfolio.




9         All figures are based on HKFRS 17 except gross written premiums which are based on HKFRS 4. Figures for 2022 have been
          restated to the new accounting standards.




         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
    38   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                       Management Discussion & Analysis




Life and health insurance (“L&H”) is a key diversification area for Peak Reinsurance’s future growth. In 2023, GWP general from L&H
reinsurance business increased to USD438 million from USD270 million a year ago.10 Peak Reinsurance continued to strengthen its business
franchise and invest in L&H capacity.


Since 2022, Peak Reinsurance has started to reposition its investment portfolio to shorten the duration and upgrade the investment quality,
for example, by reinvesting into higher credit ratings fixed-income instruments. These strategic actions, together with the progressive
reversal of previous unrealized losses on fixed-income instruments, saw the investment portfolio making a healthy contribution to Peak
Reinsurance’s 2023 results. Based on total asset of USD3.73 billion, Peak Reinsurance achieved a healthy investment yield of 3.8% for the
year 2023.


Overall, Peak Reinsurance reported a record net profit of USD200 million in 2023 (2022: a loss of USD261 million). Net assets value (“NAV”)
benefitted from retained earnings, increasing to USD1.28 billion, from USD1.12 billion at the end of 2022, supporting a significant
improvement in the solvency ratio11 to 300%.


Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 50% equity interest in Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance.


During the Reporting Period, Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance has impressive revenue performance: recorded premium income of RMB4,346
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 77.45%. New premiums from the agent agency channel, the bank and post office agency
channel and the professional broker agency increased by 23%, 161% and 222% year-on-year respectively.


In 2023, social and economic operations had a recovery trend. Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance seized the market opportunities, accelerated
the pace of business operations, promoted the construction of diversified pipelines, actively promoted the optimization of business
structure, and focused on long-term value growth. In terms of channel strategy, Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance coordinated and promoted
the professional, ecosystem and digital development of professional brokerage, bank and postal agents and agent channels. During the
Reporting Period, the per capita new order premium of the agent team was RMB55,000/month, a year-on-year increase of 48%, and the
production capacity index ranked among the top in the industry. In terms of products services, driven by the needs of family customers,
Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance continued to improve product systemization, service-oriented, family-oriented and brand construction,
and enhance the brand reputation of “Knowing what you need, customizing according to your needs (懂你所需、應需定制)”. In terms
of technological construction, Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance built four major platforms: data-based user journey, business capabilities,
management capabilities, and infrastructure capabilities to achieve technological empowerment for business development. In terms
of ecosystem empowerment, Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance cultivated own differentiated competitive barriers through “insurance +
ecosystem”. During the Reporting Period, Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance completed a total of 6,006 policies for senior community, a year-
on-year increase of 271%.


Looking forward to 2024, Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance will continue to adhere to the business philosophy of long-term value
increase, with “guarding the future you want (守護你想要的未來)” as its mission, integrate the high-quality development concepts of
“entrepreneurship, innovation and creation” to expand the business and service coverage of the bank and post office agency channels and
professional broker agency channels, and continue to promote the steady and high-quality development of the agent force, and constantly
explore micro-innovation of the product system. Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance will build up a differentiated competitive advantage with
the help of “insurance + ecosystem” to continue its lean operation, and enhance the quality of its operations.




10     L&H gross written premiums include short-term health business.
11     The solvency ratio of Peak Reinsurance is based on the Hong Kong Insurance Ordinance, as at 31 December 2023.




                                                                                                                   FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                 39
Management Discussion & Analysis




Fosun United Health Insurance
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 20% equity interest in Fosun United Health Insurance.


In 2023, with the concerted efforts of macroeconomic policies and the gradual resumption of normalized socio-economic operation, the life
insurance industry was in a stage of growth recovery. Fosun United Health Insurance made good use of its ecosystem, customer operation,
innovation impetus, technological innovation and digital intelligence, realizing revenue from the insurance business of RMB4,125 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 6%. Fosun United Health Insurance served over 6.84 million customers in aggregate, representing
a year-on-year increase of 2.9% compared to the same period of last year. During the Reporting Period, the number of newly registered
members of the official client application “Kang You Wei (康有唯)” exceeded 268,000, and the total number of registered members
reached 595,000.


Fosun United Health Insurance always focuses on the track of health insurance, and has developed special health protection products
catering to the healthcare needs of Chinese families and corporate customers. Since its establishment, Fosun United Health Insurance
has provided more than 180 special insurance products and health management services to Chinese families and corporate customers,
including more than 20 products with new sales volume of more than RMB10 million through 2023.


Looking forward in 2024 and beyond, Fosun United Health Insurance regards “protecting the healthy life of hundreds of millions of
Chinese families” as its mission, Fosun United Health Insurance will develop a membership operation system centering on family customers,
treat medical, senior care, rehabilitation, and maternal and child businesses as top priority, thereby establishing a comparative advantage in
the segmented market competition, so as to create greater value for shareholders and customers.


ASSET MANAGEMENT
During the Reporting Period, the revenue and loss attributable to owners of the parent of the Asset Management segment were as follows:


                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million


                                                        For the year ended            For the year ended          Change over the same
                                                        31 December 2023              31 December 2022             period of last year
                                       Revenue                14,325.9                      15,294.7                       (6.3%)
      Loss attributable to owners of the parent                (552.9)                      (1,910.8)                      71.1%


During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Asset Management segment decreased by 6.3% year-on-year, which was mainly due to
the revenue decrease of Asset Management (Property) business. The 71.1% year-on-year decrease in loss attributable to the Group mainly
due to the Group’s proactively adjustment of asset portfolio mix in 2022 ahead of the arrival of high interest rate and prolonged rate hikes
environment in 2023, enhancing the stability of the Group’s asset portfolio profitability.




        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 40     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Management Discussion & Analysis




Fosun Capital
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 100% equity interest in Fosun Capital.


Since its establishment, Fosun Capital had invested in over 100 companies, and successfully exited from investments in more than 50
companies through domestic or overseas listings, equity transfer and other ways. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Fosun Capital had
a total of 24 funds under management accumulatively, with an asset size under management of over RMB20 billion. During the Reporting
Period, among the enterprises invested by Fosun Capital, 14 of Fosun Capital’s investment companies submitted for IPO, one of which was
successfully listed, three of which obtained the issuance approval from relevant stock exchanges, and four of which were approved by the
listing review committee of the relevant stock exchanges.


During the Reporting Period, Fosun Capital was ranked of 10th among the “Top 100 Best Private Equity Investment Institutions in China of
2022” and 7th among the “Top 50 Best Chinese Private Equity Investment Institutions in China of 2022” by Touzhong.com.


Looking forward, relying on its excellent investment capabilities, high-quality post-investment services and the Group’s strong global
industry integration capabilities, Fosun Capital will be able to empower its portfolio companies in terms of business resources and industrial
depth and help the companies realize long-term value creation and sustainable development.


Fosun RZ Capital (Shanghai Insight Investment Management Limited)
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 100% equity interest in Fosun RZ Capital.


Fosun RZ Capital has long focused on investment in high-growth and high-tech companies in major economic growth regions worldwide,
creating an influential global industry-wide innovation ecosystem. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total management size of
Fosun RZ Capital was nearly RMB10 billion which has invested in over 100 high-quality enterprises. During the Reporting Period, Fosun RZ
Capital has invested in 12 high-quality enterprises in the fields of new technology, new energy, and new overseas development, and has
exited more than 20 invested projects.


Fosun RZ Capital was awarded “Top 100 China Best Venture Capital Institutions in 2022” by Touzhong.com, and “Top 100 Chinese
Venture Capital Institutions in 2023” by Zero2IPO Group during the Reporting Period.


In the future, Fosun RZ Capital’s investment will deepen its involvement in technological innovation and strive to capture more technology-
driven investment opportunities. Fosun RZ Capital will evolve together with global outstanding enterprises and maintain empowering the
development of the four business segments of the Group.


Hauck Aufhäuser Lampe Privatbank AG (HAL)
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 99.69% equity interest in HAL.


HAL aims to rank among the top 3 private banks in Germany with a focus on managing, maintaining, serving and trading client assets.
The bank follows a clear growth strategy with a diversified and capital-light business model covering four core business areas, i.e. Asset
Servicing, Private & Corporate Banking, Investment Banking and Asset Management.


In a turbulent economic environment, HAL succeeded in continuing its growth path. The acquisition of Bankhaus Lampe KG increased the
interest-paying assets of the private banking business and paid off richly under the anticipating of the interest rate hikes. As at the end
of the Reporting Period, HAL’s assets under service and management reached EUR272 billion, representing an increase of 6% compared
to the same period of 2022 (EUR257 billion). HAL’s total assets in the balance sheet was EUR11.8 billion. At the same time, HAL’s gross
income increased by 5.3% during the Reporting Period to EUR438 million compared with the same period of 2022 (EUR416 million). HAL’s
profit before tax increased from EUR94.3 million in 2022 to EUR113.4 million in 2023, due to higher interest revenue with moderately
increased administrative expenses at the same period.




                                                                                                             FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                           41
Management Discussion & Analysis




HAL’s growth story gained recognition from the public. As a result, the bank received several awards including “Germany’s Best Private
Banks 2023”, “Germany’s Best Banks 2023”, “Germany’s Most Popular Bank 2023”, “Leading Employers in Germany 2023”, “Best Robo-
Advisor 2023” and “Top Climate Commitment 2024”.


Furthermore, HAL is proactively responding to ESG developments and continuously optimizing its corporate governance to fully meet
regulatory requirements. A dedicated group-wide ESG department and ESG Committee ensure consistency with the ESG strategy across all
business lines, focusing on current market developments, regulatory requirements and organizational structure. HAL’s extensive activities to
put the ESG strategy into practice have also received external attention and an award for “outstanding sustainable engagement”.


BCP
As at the end of Reporting Period, the Group held 25.99% equity interest in BCP. In January 2024, the Group entered into an agreement
to sell 846,000,000 shares of BCP. As at 31 March 2024, the transaction has been completed, and the Group held 20.03% of equity
interest in BCP.


During the Reporting Period, the consolidated core operating profit (net interest income plus net fees and commission income less
operating costs, excluding the impact of one-off factors) of BCP amounted to EUR2,434.8 million, 31.7% higher than EUR1,848.7 million
of the same period of last year, the results performance of which was remarkable. In particular, the core operating profit in Portugal
reached EUR1,410.3 million, which increased by 55.0% as compared to EUR909.9 million of the same period of last year. The core
operating profit in Poland reached EUR909.4 million, which increased by 12.1% as compared to EUR811.1 million of the same period of
last year. The growth in core operating profit was driven by a significant widening of the net interest margin between the Eurozone and
Poland due to several rate hikes by the European Central Bank (ECB) and the Polish base rates at its highest level since 2013. BCP’s net
profit attributable to shareholders reached EUR856.0 million, which significantly increased by 333.7% as compared with the same period
of last year despite higher day-to-day operating expenses resulting from the inflation in Portugal and Poland, and the relevant expense
regarding Swiss Franc loan risk increased to EUR779.7 million as compared to the same period of last year.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, the consolidated total assets of BCP amounted to EUR94,380 million, representing an increase of
5.0% year-on-year. BCP’s consolidated loans to customers (gross) amounted to EUR56,814 million, representing a slight decrease of 1.6%
year-on-year. By region, loans to customers (gross) in Portugal amounted to EUR38,625 million, representing a slight decrease of 3.80%
year-on-year. Although loans from local individual customers remain active, it was affected by the lower demand for corporate loans in
a rate hike environment, and a 18.7% reduction in non-performing loans. Loans to customers (gross) in Poland amounted to EUR17,535
million, representing a decrease of 3.9% year-on-year, mainly due to the local management’s efforts to improve its capital adequacy ratio
and optimize risk-weighted assets, which resulted in a reduction of loans.


During the Reporting Period, the quality of BCP’s loan assets was solid and it continued its strategy to reduce non-performing assets. The
non-performing exposure (NPE) reduced by EUR266 million at BCP’s group level, resulting in a reduction in the NPE ratio as a percentage of
the total loan portfolio from 3.8% as at the end of 2022 to 3.4% as at the end of the Reporting Period. At the same time, the coverage of
NPE at BCP group level increased by 13.5 percentage points year-on-year to 81.8% as at the end of the Reporting Period.


Meanwhile, during the Reporting Period, another remarkable performance of BCP was customer growth. The number of active customers
at BCP’s group level increased from 6.48 million at the end of 2022 to 6.70 million, among which the number of mobile active customers
increased from 4.09 million at the end of 2022 to 4.53 million. During the Reporting Period, BCP received several external awards and
recognitions. BCP was awarded “Best Investment Bank 2023 in Portugal” by Global Finance, as well as “Consumer Choice in Portugal” in
the “Large Banks” category in Portugal for three consecutive years. The BCP Poland was awarded the best bank in Poland in the “2023
World’s Best Banks List” by Forbes, and ActivoBank was awarded “Customer Choice in Portugal” under the “Digital Bank” for the sixth
time.


In 2023, BCP delivered strong annual results in a challenging surrounding environment, and maintained high liquidity and a sound
capital level. Its operations rapidly recovered in the post-pandemic period, and achieved several objectives announced in its new
strategic plan “Excellence 2024” ahead of schedule. Looking ahead, BCP will continue to focus on its five future strategic priorities for
talent optimization, mobile digitization, growth and leadership in the Portuguese market, international expansion, and business model
sustainability, in order to create and share value with its customers.




        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 42     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                   Management Discussion & Analysis




The Bund Finance Center (“BFC”)
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 100% equity interest in BFC.


Located at 600 Zhongshan No. 2 Road (E), Shanghai, China, BFC is a benchmark project of the Group’s “Hive City”, and also a landmark
of a large-scale all-in-one ecosystem commercial complex in the core area of the Bund in Shanghai. The project embraced its opening on
12 December 2019. The gross floor area (“GFA”) of BFC is over 420,000 square meters. BFC’s main businesses include (i) office rental
business which offers a super-grade-A office building with an occupancy rate of 90% as at the end of the Reporting Period; (ii) retail
business that houses over 200 stores and brands, of which approximately 30 stores are the first of its kind; (iii) catering business that offers
an array of high-quality international restaurants and over 4 restaurants that won Michelin stars, including the legendary Italian restaurant
“DA VITTORIO SHANGHAI”, which has won two Michelin stars consecutively; (iv) health business with a fitness club, BFC FITNESS, and a
high-end medical clinic Zallhui (卓爾薈); (v) art gallery conducted through Fosun Foundation Art Center (Shanghai).


During the Reporting Period, BFC recorded total operating revenue of RMB827 million, representing an increase of 3% from the same
period of 2022; operating EBITDA was RMB532 million, which remained largely unchanged as compared with the same period of 2022.
In terms of financing, about RMB3.0 billion asset-backed securities were successfully issued in 2023. In 2023, BFC heightened its efforts
both online and offline which added about 230,000 members, and the total number of members was over 1 million as at the end of the
Reporting Period. In respect of offline operation, BFC launched the Bund Art Festival (藝術季), Music Festival (音樂季) and Fashion Festival
(時尚季) and other highlighted activities in succession. By creating its own IP festivals, BFC more accurately reached the trendy young
population.


Looking forward, BFC will deepen its implementation of FC2M strategy and introduce Fosun’s excellent industry resources to meet the
clients’ needs, providing caring services to families to meet their desires for a better life, and securing its building of the “Happiness
Ecosystem”. At the same time, leveraging its close proximity to Yuyuan Tourist Mart, BFC will strive to achieve two-way empowerment
with Yuyuan Tourist Mart in the future, aiming to become a “Grand Yuyuan” that integrates culture, art, tourism, consumption, finance,
commerce and natural scenery with full upgrade of its overall regional image and industrial ecosystem to become the most representative
new landmark in Shanghai.


During the Reporting Period, the particulars of the project are as follows:


 Name of project                                                                                                  Floor           Area (sq.m.)


 GFA                                                                                                                                   425,591
 Grade A offices                                                                                                     S1                107,079
                                                                                                                     S2                103,138
                                                                                                                     N1                 21,425
                                                                                                                     N2                 25,462
                                                                                                                     N3                 10,410
 Shopping center                                                                                                                       117,520
 Boutique                                                                                                                               36,346
 Fosun Foundation Art Center (Shanghai)                                                                                                  4,211




                                                                                                              FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                            43
Management Discussion & Analysis




       INTELLIGENT
       MANUFACTURING
During the Reporting Period, the revenue and profit attributable to owners of the parent of the Intelligent Manufacturing segment were as
follows:


                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million


                                                      For the year ended           For the year ended         Change over the same
                                                      31 December 2023             31 December 2022            period of last year
                                     Revenue                12,755.6                     10,355.6                      23.2%
  Profit attributable to owners of the parent                934.1                        1,201.9                     (22.3%)


During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Intelligent Manufacturing segment amounted to RMB12,755.6 million, representing a year-
on-year increase of 23.2%, and profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to RMB934.1 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 22.3%. The main reason for the increase in revenue was due to business growth of Easun Technology. The main reason for the
decrease in profit was that the Group has disposed of Nanjing Nangang and Jianlong Shares, and the segment no longer shared the profit
of joint ventures and associates, such as Nanjing Nangang and Jianlong Shares during the Reporting Period.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 44   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Management Discussion & Analysis




Hainan Mining
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 45.80% equity interest in Hainan Mining.


During the Reporting Period, Hainan Mining focused on the operation of two types of resources industry of iron ore as well as oil and
gas, mainly including (i) iron ore mining, processing and sales business; (ii) upstream full cycle business including oil and gas exploring,
assessing, developing and producing business; and (iii) commodity trade and processing business. During the Reporting Period, Hainan
Mining recorded revenue of RMB4,679 million, representing a decrease of 3.13% year-on-year; net profit attributable to shareholders
of the listed company of RMB625 million, representing an increase of 1.67% year-on-year; net cash flows from operating activities of
RMB1,545 million, representing an increase of 21.83% year-on-year.


As an upstream company focusing on strategic resources, Hainan Mining has a certain scale of reserves in important resource fields such as
iron ore, oil and gas, and lithium ore. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the main mineral resource reserves of Hainan Mining were as
follows: the mineral resources within the mining rights of Shilu Iron Mine were approximately 243 million tonnes, with an average grade
of 43.99%; the confirmed and estimated net equity reserves of crude oil were 8.42 million barrels, and the confirmed and estimated net
equity reserves of natural gas were 83.3 billion cubic feet; the mineral resources within the mining rights of the Bougouni lithium mine in
Mali Africa was approximately 31.9 million tonnes, and the average lithium oxide grade was 1.06%.


During the Reporting Period, Hainan Mining achieved a steady increase in output from its main business. Iron ore output remains stable:
Shilu branch has achieved underground mining production capacity for two consecutive years. The annual underground mining output was
5.0663 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.12%. The finished ore output was 2.6017 million tonnes, of which the
lump ore output was 1.8088 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.94%. The oil and gas business achieved a record
high in production: ROC’s annual oil and gas equity production was 6.2616 million barrels of equivalent, representing a year-on-year
increase of 15.53%. Among them, the eastern area of the Weizhou 12-8 oil field achieved sustained high production during the Reporting
Period; the Bajiaochang Gas Field has been put into operation with the completion and operation of the Jiao 70 well de-hydrocarbonization
and boosting project, and the external transmission bottleneck has been solved. At the same time, the Jiao 75, 77, and 109 well groups
have been put into production one after another, and the commissioning of LNG trial production in the Jiao 76 well group, bringing the
daily natural gas production to 2.6 million cubic meters.


During the Reporting Period, the construction of key projects of Hainan Mining underwent orderly, laying a solid foundation for the
sustainable business development of different main tracks. The construction of -120m~-360m middle range mining engineering project
of Shilu iron field completed drilling of 8,503 meter throughout the year, completing 46% of the total progress of the project. The
construction of magnetized roasting project made significant progress, the roasting system (section I) ignited the oven in October 2023
successfully, and the project planned to complete full-process production debugging in mid-2024 and officially go into production within
the year. After completing land leveling in the first half of the year, the 20,000-tonne battery grade lithium hydrogen oxide project (phase
I) has entered the construction fast track. The project has made significant progress in the second half of the year, and the construction
progress and quality control are in order. It is expected to be completed and put into operation in July 2024.




                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                         45
Management Discussion & Analysis




During the Reporting Period, Hainan Mining actively facilitated investments and mergers and acquisition in upstream oil and gas and new
energy industry, and accelerated strategic transformation. In November 2023, Hainan Mining completed the acquisition of 49% equity
interest in ROC at a cash consideration of USD163 million, ROC officially became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hainan Mining. In the same
month, Hainan Mining proposed to make an investment of USD118 million in KOD and its wholly-owned subsidiary, namely KMUK. As a
result, Hainan Mining obtained a controlling stake in the lithium mine asset of Bougouni in Mali, Africa. Hainan Mining held 14.72% of
KOD’s equity and the actual controls 51% of KMUK’s equity. Hainan Mining is pushing forward the development of the Bougouni lithium
mine together with its partner KOD actively, and has launched the construction of the first phase of lithium concentrate beneficiation
production line during the Reporting Period. After the production line is completed and reaches capacity, it is expected to produce
100,000-120,000 tonnes of lithium concentrate with a grade of more than 5.5% per year. An industrial chain integrating upstream
resources and lithium salt processing has the preliminary scale in Hainan Mining’s new energy industry.


In order to ensure rapid business development, Hainan Mining has improved its management level from multiple dimensions: During the
Reporting Period, Hainan Mining Shilu branch completed the overall planning of the smart mine construction project; Hainan Mining
continued to promote equity incentives and reserved and granted restricted rights to several incentive targets. In addition, the ESG
governance standard of Hainan Mining has been improved continuously, and it was awarded the title of “Green Mine” in Hainan Province.
It was selected as the “2023 Best ESG Practice Cases of Listed Companies” by the China Association of Public Companies. It distributed
annual cash dividends of RMB200 million and implemented share repurchases for the first time. The plan reflects the great emphasis on
shareholder returns. In early 2024, Hainan Mining was recognized as a high-tech enterprise for the first time.


Looking forward to 2024, centering on the national “14th Five-Year Plan” strategic development plan, Hainan Mining promotes the
implementation of strategic goals with the dual drive of industrial operations and industrial investment. In terms of industrial operations,
Hainan Mining Shilu branch will strive to achieve the production and operation goal of 2.75 million tonnes of finished ore production and
ROC will strive to achieve the goal of 7.15 million barrels of oil and gas equity production, accelerate the construction of key engineering
projects such as magnetization roasting, lithium hydroxide, and Mali lithium mine, and realize the production of various projects on
schedule. At the same time, Hainan Mining will continue to promote cost reduction and efficiency improvement through lean management,
technological innovation, digital construction and other methods to strengthen cost competitiveness. On the other hand, Hainan Mining
will continue to leverage the advantages of the Group in global industrial investment, actively respond to the joint construction of the “Belt
and Road” initiative, focus on investment and mergers and acquisitions in the resources and energy fields, and focus on upstream new
energy resources, high-quality non-ferrous metal resources and natural gas projects, create a global resource industry ecosystem.


The key production of iron ore of Hainan Mining during the Reporting Period was as follows:


                                                                       Finished iron ore output                   Iron ore reservesNote
                                                                            (thousand tons)                          (million tons)
                                                       2023                      2,601.7                                   243
                                                       2022                      2,667.1                                   249
                                        Year-on-year change                      -2.45%                                  -2.41%

Note:    According to the “General requirements for mineral exploration GB/T 138908-2020” Standards of the PRC, the figures in 2023 were estimated
         figures.



Wansheng
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 29.56% equity interest in Wansheng.


During the Reporting Period, the operating income of Wansheng was RMB2.850 billion, a year-on-year decrease of 20.03%; the net
profit attributable to shareholders of listed company was RMB0.184 billion, a year-on-year decrease of 49.69%. Mainly due to the decline
in global terminal consumer demand, the expansion of production capacity in the industry, changes in the market supply and demand
pattern, and the decline in the price of main raw materials, the price of flame retardants, the main product of Wansheng and the gross
profit per ton have declined year-on-year.




        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 46     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Management Discussion & Analysis




In terms of market development, Wansheng has fully committed to promoting market development and gathering development potential.
During the Reporting Period, the relationship with regular customer was maintained stably, and the number of transaction customers
remained at more than 2,000. Business units developed more than 800 new customers. Flame retardants maintained its leading position in
the world, with sales volume reaching 102,000 tonnes; sales volume of coating additives reached 21,700 tonnes, a year-on-year increase of
99.03%; sales volume of amine additives and catalysts reached 27,600 tonnes; raw material and intermediate business production capacity
was gradually released, with sales volume reaching 33,000 tonnes; the daily chemical surface activity business has reached more than 100
customers, and has successfully reached cooperation agreements with nearly 10 major customers.


In terms of R&D and innovation, Wansheng deepened its innovation drive and comprehensively cultivates development momentum. As at
the end of the Reporting Period, Wansheng had a total of 64 invention patents, 66 utility model patents, 7 software copyrights, and 86
applications of patents (including 74 invention patents and 12 utility model patents).


In terms of investment, during the Reporting Period, Wansheng, local government and the Group, etc. jointly established Linhai Fosun
Wansheng New Materials Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership), centring on the direction of Wansheng industrial chain
and focusing on enterprises with high-quality standards for new chemical materials in the fields of functional new materials, new energy
and low carbon, electronic data and semiconductors, biosynthesis and other fields which will help Wansheng develop rapidly through
diversified investment methods such as industrial investment (incubation, equity participation) and financial investment and promote the
transformation and upgrade of related industries. In addition, during the Reporting Period, Wansheng sold its Fujian subsidiary to slim
down the business, further focused on its main business, and optimized its assets and business structure.


In 2024, Wansheng will strive to adhere to its strategic goal of “deepening and cultivating its core business with good ecosystem strategy”,
leverage its competitive advantages and extend its industrial chain of its core business of flame retardants. At the same time, Wansheng
will accelerate the expansion and development of its businesses, actively engage in its strategic businesses, continue to maintain its
market share, and explore the growth of performance. Wansheng will focus on accelerating the implementation of new productions and
construction of new projects and technological renovation projects, enlarge and consolidate its base and foundation of development. In
addition, Wansheng will continue to adhere to its development strategy and meet the market demand, while developing and implementing
a number of innovative projects with high technology and profit margins, so as to accelerate the commercialization of the technology
achievement and inject a new impetus for growth.


Easun Technology
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group and the non-consolidated entities held in total 82.42% equity interest in Easun
Technology.


During the Reporting Period, benefiting from the high prosperity of domestic new energy vehicles and the acceleration of electrification
by European and American vehicle manufacturers, the new orders worldwide of Easun Technology were RMB8.520 billion, a year-on-year
increase of 25.75%. Its overseas orders have significantly increased: in 2023, new orders reached RMB6.291 billion, a year-on-year increase
of 62%, among which, the new orders for North American business reached RMB1.927 billion, a year-on-year increase of 70%.


In the future, Easun Technology will enhance the profitability and competitiveness of the main business of the automotive industry
continuously, expand its performance scale and market share, fully utilize its own automation technology accumulation and expand
automation customers in other industries. Meanwhile, Easun Technology is continuing to invest in R&D and global supply chain
construction to expand its existing proprietary technologies and standard product sequences in laser, vision, lightweight fixture, etc., Easun
Technology builds superior intelligent equipment through endogenous R&D and outbound mergers and acquisitions to reduce production
costs and improve the competitiveness. Easun Technology will also accelerate the development of industrial digitization business and
provide customers with complete smart factory solutions.




                                                                                                             FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                           47
Management Discussion & Analysis




FINANCIAL REVIEW
Net Interest Expenditures
Net interest expenditures, net of capitalized amounts of the Group, increased to RMB12,074.2 million in 2023 from RMB10,474.3 million in
2022. The increase in net interest expenditures in 2023 was mainly attributable to the increase in interest rate of borrowings. The interest
rates of borrowings in 2023 were approximately between 0.0% and 12.4%, as compared with approximately between 0.0% and 12.1%
for the same period of last year.


Tax
Tax of the Group decreased to RMB2,524.6 million in 2023 from RMB7,694.8 million in 2022. The decrease in tax mainly resulted from the
decrease in taxable profit of the Group.


Basic Earnings Per Share Of Ordinary Shares
Basic earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of ordinary shares of the parent was RMB0.17 in 2023, representing an
increase of RMB0.27 from loss of RMB0.10 per share in 2022. Diluted earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of ordinary
shares of the parent was RMB0.17 in 2023. The weighted average number of shares was 8,174.2 million shares for 2023, which was
8,265.0 million shares for 2022.


Equity Per Share Attributable To Owners Of The Parent
As at 31 December 2023, equity per share attributable to owners of the parent was RMB15.23, representing an increase of RMB0.54 per
share from RMB14.69 per share as at 31 December 2022. The total comprehensive revenue attributable to owners of the parent in 2023
was RMB4,230.5 million. The dividend distributed on 18 July 2023 was RMB103.3 million. The sum of above contributes to the increase in
equity per share attributable to owners of the parent.


Proposed Final Dividend
The Board has recommended the payment of a proposed final dividend of HKD0.038 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December
2023. Subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the Company’s annual general meeting to be held on 6 June 2024, the
proposed final dividend will be paid to the Company’s shareholders on 19 July 2024. There is no arrangement under which a shareholder
of the Company has waived or agreed to waive any dividends.


Capital Expenditures And Capital Commitment
The capital expenditure of the Group mainly consists of additions to property, plant and equipment, exploration and evaluation assets,
mining rights, intangible assets, investment properties and oil and gas assets. We have been increasing our investment in the R&D of
pharmaceutical products in order to produce more proprietary products with higher gross profit margin. With an aim to further strengthen
our leading role in the happiness industry, we have made extra efforts in the Happiness segment business.


As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s capital commitment contracted but not provided for was RMB10,400.4 million. These were
mainly committed for addition of plant and machinery and investments. Details of capital commitment are set out in note 59 to financial
statements.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 48   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                            Management Discussion & Analysis




Indebtedness And Liquidity Of The Group
As at 31 December 2023, the total debt of the Group was RMB211,923.9 million, representing a decrease from RMB226,919.2 million
as at 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the decrease in borrowings as a result of the Group’s active management at maturing
debts in advance. As at 31 December 2023, mid-to-long-term debt of the Group accounted for 55.0% of total debt, while 53.2% as of 31
December 2022. As at 31 December 2023, cash and bank balance and term deposits decreased by RMB8,104.4 million to RMB92,459.6
million as compared with RMB100,564.0 million as at 31 December 2022.


During the Reporting Period, the average financing cost was 5.60%, which increased by 89 percentage point as compared to that of 2022.


                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million


                                                                    31 December 2023                       31 December 2022
                                            Total debt                   211,923.9                               226,919.2
                       Cash and bank and term deposits                   92,459.6                                100,564.0


The original denomination of the Group’s debt as well as cash and bank and term deposits by currencies, equivalent in RMB, as at 31
December 2023, is summarized as follows:


                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million equivalent


     TOTAL DEBT                                                          CASH AND BANK AND TERM DEPOSITS




                    RMB       USD       EUR                                              RMB       USD        EUR
                  122,150.9 42,619.1 35,394.3                                          28,803.6 11,230.6 43,858.6


                     HKD       JPY     Others                                            HKD       JPY        Others
                   7,476.5   3,266.5   1,016.6                                          973.8    1,393.2     6,199.8




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       49
Management Discussion & Analysis




Total Debt to Total Capital Ratio
As at 31 December 2023, the ratio of total debt to total capital decreased to 50.4% as compared with 53.3% as of 31 December 2022.
Healthy debt ratios and abundant funds can reinforce the Group’s ability to defend against external risk exposure and ensure the Group to
capture investment opportunities.


Basis Of Calculating Interest Rate
To stabilize interest expenses, the Group endeavored to maintain appropriate borrowings at fixed interest rates and floating interest rates.
The Group made timely adjustment to the debt structure according to the interest rate policy, seeking to optimize the interest rate level. As
at 31 December 2023, 51.4% of the Group’s total borrowings bore interest at a fixed interest rate.


The Maturity Profile Of Outstanding Borrowings
The Group sought to manage and extend the maturity of outstanding borrowings, so as to ensure that the outstanding borrowings of the
Group due to mature every year would not exceed the expected cash flow of that year and the Group has the re-financing ability for the
relevant liabilities in that year.


Outstanding borrowings classified by year of maturity as at 31 December 2023 are as follows:




                                                      Within one year       In the second year
                                                          45.0%                  23.6%

                                                       In the third to
                                                                             Over five years
                                                    fifth year, inclusive
                                                          22.5%                   8.9%




Available Facilities
As at 31 December 2023, save for cash and bank and term deposits of RMB92,459.6 million, the Group had unutilized banking facilities
of RMB146,451.2 million. The Group has signed strategic cooperation agreements with various foreign and Chinese banks. According
to these agreements, the banks committed to strengthening further on the existing relationship, and providing comprehensive financial
support toward Fosun’s “Health, Happiness, Wealth & Intelligent Manufacturing” businesses. Prior approval from banks in accordance with
bank regulations of China must be obtained before the use of these banking facilities. As at 31 December 2023, available banking facilities
under these arrangements totalled RMB329,297.2 million, of which RMB182,846.0 million was utilized.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 50   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Management Discussion & Analysis




Cash Flow
In 2023, net cash flow from operating activities was RMB9,824.5 million. Profit before tax for the year was RMB7,871.7 million. After
making aggregate adjustment for the items such as investment gain and loss and financing costs included in profit before tax and
offsetting the total amount of depreciation and amortisation which did not result in cash outflow, cash flow generated from operating
activities increased by RMB4,706.3 million. Owing to the increase in deposits from customers of RMB5,280.1 million and the decrease in
properties under development of RMB11,409.7 million, cash flow generated from operating activities increased. The decrease in investment
contract liabilities of RMB3,182.6 million, the decrease in contract liabilities of RMB4,593.5 million and the tax paid of RMB4,052.5 million
contributed to a decrease in the cash flow from operating activities. The increase in deposits from customers was mainly due to the
increase from asset management business. The change in properties under development and contract liabilities were mainly due to property
business.


In 2023, net cash flow from investing activities was RMB17,587.0 million, mainly due to the proceeds from disposal of financial assets
at fair value through profit and loss, debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, maturity of debt investments
at amortized cost, disposal of associates and disposal of partial interests in associates, disposal of investment properties, dividends and
interests received from debt instruments and equity investments, dividends received from associates and interest received, which was partly
offset by purchase of property, plant and equipment, purchase and construction of investment properties, purchase of intangible assets,
purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss, debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and
debt investments at amortized cost, and acquisition of associates.


In 2023, net cash flow used in financing activities was RMB39,666.4 million, mainly due to the repayment of bank and other loans,
payment of interest and dividends and acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries, which was partly offset by the new bank and other
borrowings, as well as capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries.


Pledged Assets
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had pledged assets of RMB155,223.0 million (31 December 2022: RMB128,855.4 million) for bank
borrowings. Details of pledged assets are set out in note 50 to financial statements.


Contingent Liabilities
The Group’s contingent liabilities was RMB8,089.6 million as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: RMB9,263.7 million). Details of
contingent liabilities are set out in note 60 to financial statements.


Interest Coverage
In 2023, the interest coverage was 2.5 times as compared with 2.9 times for 2022. The decrease was mainly due to net interest
expenditures of the Group increased to RMB12,074.2 million in 2023 from RMB10,474.3 million in 2022.




                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          51
Management Discussion & Analysis




Financial Policies And Risk Management
GENERAL POLICY
The Company maintains the financial independence of different business segments. Nevertheless, the Company also gives appropriate
guidance on the fund management of different segments so as to ensure that risks of the Group are well monitored and financial resources
are being effectively applied. To maintain multiple financing channels, the Group tries to obtain funds from different channels through
banks and capital markets. Finance arrangements are organized to meet the needs of business development and match the Group’s cash
flow.


FOREIGN CURRENCY EXPOSURE
The functional currencies of the Company and PRC subsidiaries are HKD and RMB, respectively. The financial statements are presented in
RMB. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency. Foreign currency-denominated assets held by the Group are exposed
to foreign exchange risks. These assets include monetary assets such as deposits and bonds held in foreign currencies and non-monetary
assets measured at fair value such as investment properties, stocks and funds held in foreign currencies. The Group’s foreign currencies
denominated liabilities are also exposed to risks as a result of fluctuations in exchange rates. These liabilities include monetary liabilities
such as borrowings, customers’ deposits and provision of outstanding claims denominated in foreign currencies. Financial settlement and
currency conversion as at the reporting date of these foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities may generate a certain amount of
foreign exchange losses or gains, thereby affecting the Group’s profits or net assets. The Group will adopt appropriate hedging methods as
necessary to hedge the foreign currency risk exposure.


INTEREST RATE EXPOSURE
The Group uses bank loans and other borrowings to meet its capital expenditure and working capital requirements from time to time and
is subjected to the risk of interest rate fluctuation. Since a certain amount of the Group’s borrowings is provided at floating interest rates
which are subjected to change by the lenders as required by amendments of regulations of the People’s Bank of China and the market
conditions in and outside Chinese Mainland, the interest expenses of the Group will increase if the People’s Bank of China or foreign banks
increase their interest rates.


APPLICATION OF DERIVATIVES
The Group will apply derivative instruments as necessary to hedge the risk exposure instead of speculation.


Forward-Looking Statements
This annual report includes certain forward-looking statements which involve the financial conditions, results and businesses of the Group.
These forward-looking statements are the Group’s expectation or beliefs on future events and they involve known and unknown risks and
uncertainties, which may cause actual results, performance or development of the situation to differ materially from the situation expressed
or implied by these statements.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 52   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                   Five-Year Statistics

Unit: RMB million


 Year                                                        2019         2020         2021              2022                2023
 Total equity                                            180,924.2    192,986.9    203,119.4        199,629.8       208,574.8
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent             122,552.3    127,732.9    130,995.0        121,520.9       124,936.8
 Equity per share attributable to owners of the parent
    (in RMB)                                                14.35        15.16        15.75             14.78            15.23
 Indebtedness
    Total debt                                           208,287.1    229,802.4    237,119.5        226,919.2       211,923.9
    Total debt/Total capital (%)                            53.5%        54.4%        53.9%            53.2%           50.4%
 Interest coverage (times)                                     4.5          3.6          4.4              3.1             2.5
 Capital employed                                        330,839.4    357,535.3    368,114.5        348,440.0       336,860.7
 Cash and bank balances                                   94,900.5    106,847.2     96,779.5        100,564.0        92,459.6
 Property, plant and equipment                            39,610.4     42,460.2     42,387.5         45,668.2        55,226.7
 Investment property                                      59,360.4     65,688.5     67,229.7         95,743.4        93,340.8
 Property under development                               51,248.3     55,195.0     51,208.9         62,079.1        46,776.2
 Prepaid land lease payments                                     –            –            –                –               –
 Mining rights                                               536.0        512.8        497.0            480.8         1,311.4
 Interest in associates                                   88,379.5     92,254.4     92,808.9         68,654.0        68,254.6
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    61,397.4     59,163.4     70,128.2         62,331.7        52,941.2
 Equity investments designated at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                               898.6        746.3        535.5            396.2          2,696.5
 Debt investments at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                            88,442.3     89,142.3     80,908.4         63,534.9         72,473.6
 Debt investments at amortized cost                       33,578.4     34,812.9     25,984.5         25,171.8         29,400.3
 Profit attributable to owners of the parent              14,800.9      7,999.6     10,084.5            538.7          1,379.1
 Basic earnings per share (in RMB)                            1.73         0.94         1.21             0.06             0.17
 Diluted earnings per share (in RMB)                          1.73         0.94         1.21             0.06             0.17
 Profit contribution by each business segment
    Health                                                 1,438.8      1,683.6      2,029.0          1,348.7            580.2
    Happiness                                              2,233.9       (298.4)      (599.3)         1,561.4           (263.9)
    Wealth                                                 7,883.6      4,547.3      5,160.1         (3,509.8)           237.3
       Insurance                                             758.5      1,158.2      1,461.3         (1,599.0)           790.2
       Asset Management                                    7,125.1      3,389.1      3,698.8         (1,910.8)          (552.9)
    Intelligent Manufacturing                              3,282.5      2,102.7      3,577.6          1,201.9            934.1
 Elimination                                                 (37.9)       (35.6)       (82.9)           (63.5)          (108.6)
 EBITDA                                                   44,103.3     33,979.9     42,107.6         32,016.9         30,503.0
 Proposed dividend per share (in HKD)                        0.400        0.220        0.300            0.014            0.038




                                                                                               FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                               53
Corporate Governance Report

The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES OF THE COMPANY
The Company is committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of shareholders and to enhance
its corporate value and accountability.


During the Reporting Period, the Company applied the principles of and fully complied with all code provisions as set out in the CG Code.
The Company regularly reviews its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG Code.


A. CORPORATE CULTURE
       As a global innovation-driven consumer group, Fosun insists on twin-driver strategy of “Profound Industry Operations + Industrial
       Investment”, aims at the mission of “creating happier lives for families worldwide”, and takes the vision of “rooted in China,
       creating a global happiness ecosystem fulfilling the needs of one billion families in Health, Happiness, and Wealth”. Over the years,
       Fosun has always followed the cultural values of “Self-improvement, Teamwork, Performance, Contribution to society”, insisted on
       establishing business for good, emphasized the corporate governance concept of ESG sustainable development, and created value
       for customers, partners, investors, all parties in society and employees.


B. THE BOARD
       a)      Responsibilities
               The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of the Company and oversees the businesses, strategic decisions
               and performance of the Group. The Board has established Board committees and has delegated to these Board committees
               various responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference.


               All Directors have carried out their duties in good faith and in compliance with the standards of applicable laws and
               regulations, and have acted in the interests of the Company and its shareholders at all times.


       b)      Delegation of Management Function
               The Board takes responsibility for all major matters of the Company including the approval and monitoring of all policy
               matters, overall strategies and budgets, risk management and internal control systems, material transactions (in particular
               those that may involve conflicts of interest), financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant financial
               and operational matters.


               The day-to-day management, administration and operation of the Company are delegated to the senior management by
               the Board. The delegated functions and work tasks are periodically reviewed. Under the leadership of the Chief Executive
               Officers, the senior management is responsible for the daily operation of the Company.


               On a monthly basis, the senior management provides the Directors with operational and financial reports of the Group’s
               performance, position and prospects. The Board considered the monthly reports given by the senior management to the
               Directors are sufficient to enable the Directors to discharge their duties under Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of the Listing
               Rules. All Directors are kept informed of and duly briefed of major changes and information that may affect the Group’s
               businesses in a timely manner.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 54   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




c)   Board Composition
     The Board for the year ended 31 December 2023 comprised the following Directors:


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Guo Guangchang (Chairman)
     Mr. Wang Qunbin (Co-Chairman)
     Mr. Chen Qiyu (Co-Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Xu Xiaoliang (Co-Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Qin Xuetang (resigned on 17 February 2023)
     Mr. Gong Ping
     Mr. Huang Zhen
     Mr. Pan Donghui (appointed on 29 March 2023)


     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Zhuang Yuemin (resigned on 2 February 2023)
     Mr. Yu Qingfei
     Mr. Li Shupei
     Mr. Li Fuhua (appointed on 2 February 2023)


     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Zhang Shengman
     Mr. Zhang Huaqiao
     Mr. David T. Zhang
     Dr. Lee Kai-Fu
     Ms. Tsang King Suen Katherine


     Throughout the Reporting Period, the Board has complied with the requirement of Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the
     Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive directors with at least one of them
     possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


     The Company has also compiled with Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules, which relates to the appointment of independent
     non-executive directors representing at least one-third of the Board.


     The list of Directors (by category) is also disclosed in all corporate communications issued by the Company from time
     to time pursuant to the Listing Rules. The independent non-executive Directors are expressly identified in all corporate
     communications pursuant to the Listing Rules. There is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other
     material/relevant relationship) among the Directors. Biographical details, including offices held in public companies or
     organizations and other significant commitments, of the Directors are set out in the section “Biographical Details of
     Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.


     The Board has assessed the independence of all the independent non-executive Directors and considers all of them to
     be independent having regard to (i) their annual confirmation on independence as required under the Listing Rules,
     (ii) the absence of involvement in the daily management of the Company, and (iii) the absence of any relationships or
     circumstances which would interfere with the exercise of their independent judgement.


     The independent non-executive Directors bring a wide range of business and financial expertise, experience and
     independent judgement to the Board. Through active participation in Board meetings, and serving on Board committees, all
     independent non-executive Directors have made various positive contributions to the development of the Company.




                                                                                              FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                            55
Corporate Governance Report




      d)      Independent Views of the Board
              The Board has established mechanisms to ensure independent views are available to the Board. The implementation
              and effectiveness of such mechanisms are subject to regular review by the Board on an annual basis and details of the
              mechanism are set out as below:


              (1)     Chairpersons of major Board Committees are independent non-executive Directors.


              (2)     The Nomination Committee will assess the independence of a candidate for a new independent non-executive
                      Director appointment (if any) and also the continued independence of existing independent non-executive Directors
                      on an annual basis. All independent non-executive Directors are required to confirm in writing annually their
                      compliance of independence requirements pursuant to the Listing Rules.


              (3)     Directors have full and timely access to all relevant information to ensure that the Board procedures and all
                      applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.


              (4)     Each Director is able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company’s
                      expense, upon making request to the Board.


              (5)     All Directors are encouraged to express freely their independent views and constructive challenges during the Board/
                      Committee meetings.


              (6)     No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements will be granted to independent non-executive
                      Directors.


              (7)     A Director (including independent non-executive Director) who has a material interest in a contract, transaction or
                      arrangement shall not vote or be counted in the quorum on any Board resolution approving the same.


              (8)     The Chairman of the Board meets with independent non-executive Directors annually without the presence of other
                      executive Directors.


      e)      Appointment and Re-election of Directors
              The procedures of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are laid down in the Articles of Association. The
              Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition, formulating the relevant procedures for
              nomination and appointment of Directors, monitoring the appointment and succession planning of Directors and assessing
              the independence of independent non-executive Directors.


              Each of our current non-executive Directors is appointed for a specific term of one year, and each of our current
              independent non-executive Directors is appointed for a specific term of three years. The term, duties and obligation of all
              Directors are set out in a formal letter of appointment entered into with the Company. No Director has a service contract
              with the Company which is not terminable by the Company within one year and without payment of compensation (other
              than statutory compensation).


              Any new Director appointed to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall submit himself/herself for re-
              election by shareholders at the next following general meeting after appointment. According to Article 111 of the Articles
              of Association, Mr. Li Fuhua and Mr. Pan Donghui shall submit himself for re-election by shareholders at the next following
              general meeting after appointment, respectively. Mr. Li Fuhua has been re-elected at the extraordinary general meeting held
              on 16 March 2023 following his appointment, Mr. Pan Donghui has been re-elected at the 2023 AGM held on 9 June 2023
              following his appointment.




     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
56   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




     At every annual general meeting, at least one-third of the Directors shall retire from office by rotation. All Directors are
     subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. According to Articles 106 and 107 of the Articles of
     Association, Mr. Wang Qunbin, Mr. Xu Xiaoliang, Mr. Gong Ping, Mr. Huang Zhen and Mr. Zhang Huaqiao shall retire by
     rotation at the 2024 AGM. All of the above five retiring Directors, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the
     same meeting.


     Pursuant to B.2.3 of the CG Code, it is, inter alia, stated that if an independent non-executive director has served more
     than 9 years, such director’s further appointment should be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by the
     shareholders. Mr. Zhang Huaqiao has served the Company as independent non-executive Director for over 9 years since 28
     March 2012. The shareholders of the Company shall approve the re-election of Mr. Zhang Huaqiao as independent non-
     executive Director through a separate resolution.


     While Mr. Zhang Huaqiao has served the Company as independent non-executive Director for more than 9 years,
     the Nomination Committee has assessed the nomination of the Director, in accordance with the adopted nomination
     procedures and the Board Diversity Policy of the Company, and considered that (1) he still have the required independence,
     character, integrity and experience and is able to carry out his duties as independent non-executive Director and (2) an
     appropriate balance between continuity of experience and refreshment of the Board can be maintained upon his re-election
     based on the following reasons:


     (i)     Mr. Zhang Huaqiao is able to confirm his independence in respect of each of the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the
             Listing Rules;


     (ii)    Mr. Zhang Huaqiao does not have any management role in the Company and its subsidiaries;


     (iii)   Despite his long term of services on the Board, Mr. Zhang Huaqiao would still be able to bring fresh perspectives to
             the Board with his ample economic and financial experience; and


     (iv)    Mr. Zhang Huaqiao is considered to be independent as he has continually demonstrated strong independence in
             character and judgment and contributed effectively by providing impartial and objective views, and which, coupled
             with familiarity with the business of the Group, has proven himself to be valuable member of the Board.


     Having considered the above factors, and taking into account that Mr. Zhang Huaqiao would continue to bring in fresh
     perspectives, objective insights and independent judgment to the Board and the Board committees of which he serves
     as members, the Nomination Committee therefore recommended the Board to propose him to be re-elected at the AGM
     despite the fact that he has been independent non-executive Director of the Company for more than 9 years. After
     considering the recommendation of the Nomination Committee, the Board is confident that Mr. Zhang Huaqiao remains
     independent and has a healthy level of professional scepticism. He will continue to make valuable contributions and bring
     fresh perspective to the Company by providing his unique, balanced and objective views to the Board, and would like to
     seek the approval from the Shareholders for his re-election as independent non-executive Director.


     The Company has received annual confirmation on independence from all independent non-executive Directors pursuant to
     Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and as at the date of this report considers all of them to be independent.


f)   Continuous Professional Development of Directors
     Each newly appointed Director receives comprehensive, formal and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her
     appointment, so as to ensure that he/she has appropriate understanding of the businesses and operations of the Company
     and that he/she is fully aware of his/her responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant regulatory
     requirements. Continuing briefing and professional development for Directors will be arranged whenever necessary.


     Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
     and skills to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. Internal briefings for Directors are
     arranged by the Company and reading materials on relevant topics are issued to Directors where appropriate. All Directors
     are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses.




                                                                                                   FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                 57
Corporate Governance Report




              During the Reporting Period, the Company has arranged trainings and provided reading materials for the Directors at
              the expense of the Company. On the other hand, Directors have provided records of the trainings they received to the
              Company. The Board considered the trainings attended by the Directors are sufficient to discharge their duties. A summary
              of the trainings attended by the Directors during the Reporting Period is as follows:


                                                                                                   Training Matters
                                                                                   Legal and            Business          Corporate
                Name of Directors                                                  Regulatory           Update           Governance
               Executive Directors
               Mr. Guo Guangchang                                                       ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Mr. Wang Qunbin                                                          ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Mr. Chen Qiyu                                                            ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Mr. Xu Xiaoliang                                                         ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Mr. Qin Xuetang (resigned on 17 February 2023)                           ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Mr. Gong Ping                                                            ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Mr. Huang Zhen                                                           ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Mr. Pan Donghui (appointed on 29 March 2023)                             ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Non-Executive Directors
               Mr. Zhuang Yuemin (resigned on 2 February 2023)                          ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Mr. Yu Qingfei                                                           ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Mr. Li Shupei                                                            ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Mr. Li Fuhua (appointed on 2 February 2023)                              ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Independent Non-Executive Directors
               Mr. Zhang Shengman                                                       ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Mr. Zhang Huaqiao                                                        ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Mr. David T. Zhang                                                       ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Dr. Lee Kai-Fu                                                           ✓                   ✓                  ✓
               Ms. Tsang King Suen Katherine                                            ✓                   ✓                  ✓


              Mr. Pan Donghui and Mr. Li Fuhua, being Directors appointed during the Reporting Period, obtained the legal advice
              referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 8 March 2023 and 18 January 2023, respectively, and confirmed that they
              understood their obligations as directors of the Company.


      g)      Board Meetings
              The Board meets regularly to review the financial and operating performance of the Group and approve future strategy.
              The Board held four regular Board meetings during the Reporting Period. The attendance records of each Director are set
              out below in the section “ATTENDANCE RECORD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS”.


              In respect of corporate governance functions, the Board, during the Reporting Period, performed its major duties as follows:


              (1)     to develop, review and make recommendations to the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;


              (2)     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;


              (3)     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices for compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;


              (4)     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manuals applicable to employees and
                      Directors; and


              (5)     to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.




     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
58   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




h)   Practice and Conduct of Board Meetings
     Notices of regular Board meetings are served to all Directors at least 14 days before the meetings (or such other period as
     agreed). For other Board and committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given.


     Board papers together with all appropriate, complete and reliable information are sent to all Directors at least 3 days before
     each Board meeting or committee meeting (or such other period as agreed) to keep the Directors apprised of the latest
     developments and financial position of the Company and to enable them to make informed decisions. The Board and each
     Director also have separate and independent access to the senior management whenever necessary.


     The senior management where necessary, attend regular Board meetings and other Board and committee meetings to
     advise on business developments, financial and accounting matters, statutory compliance, corporate governance and other
     major aspects of the Company.


     The Articles of Association contains provisions requiring Directors to abstain from voting and not to be counted in the
     quorum at meetings for approving transactions in which such Directors or any of their associates have a material interest.


     The agenda of each Board meeting is set by the Chairman in consultation with members of the Board such that they are
     given an opportunity to contemplate agenda items, draft and executed Board minutes were sent in a timely manner to all
     Directors for their comments and records, and minutes of the Board meetings recorded in sufficient details were kept by
     the Company Secretary.


i)   Directors and Officers Liability Insurance
     The Company has arranged the directors and officers liability insurance in respect of legal action against the Directors, and
     the insured clause and scope of coverage of year 2023/2024 have been reviewed and renewed.


j)   Board Diversity Policy
     The Company recognizes and embraces the benefit of having a diverse board, and sees increasing diversity at Board level
     as an essential element in maintaining a competitive advantage and achieving long-term sustainable growth for the Group.
     According to the Board Diversity Policy of the Company, all Directors appointments will continue to be made on a merit
     basis with due regard for the benefits of diversity of the board members. Selection of candidates will be based on a range
     of diversity perspectives, including, but not limited to ethnicity, race, nationality, gender, age, cultural and educational
     background, experience (professional or otherwise), skills and knowledge. The ultimate decision will be made upon the
     merits and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. In order to better understand the needs of
     diverse stakeholders, the Board actively implements the Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee reviews the
     implementation of the Board Diversity Policy on an annual basis to ensure its continued effectiveness. Based on the review
     of the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy during the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee viewed that (i)
     the said diversity elements have been substantially included into the board composition and (ii) the Board has the diversity
     of skills, experience and perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.


     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board appointed one female Director, namely Ms. Tsang King Suen Katherine
     (an independent non-executive Director). The Board targets to maintain at least the current level of female representation in
     the next few years. The Board will continue to seek opportunities to increase the proportion of female members over time
     as and when suitable candidates are identified. Meanwhile, it is of the view of the Board that all aspects of diversity and
     the ability to contribute towards the Board’s responsibilities should be considered as a whole in the selection of suitable
     potential candidates for appointment to the Board.


     The Board will continue to take steps to promote gender diversity at all levels of the Group in order to develop a pipeline
     of potential successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity. For instance, the Board is committed to providing career
     development and training opportunities to female staff whom the Board considers have the suitable experience, skills and
     knowledge with a view to promote them to senior management or Board level in future. The Board also takes into account
     gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level.




                                                                                                  FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                59
Corporate Governance Report




C     CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      During the Reporting Period, the posts of Chairman and Co-Chairman are Mr. Guo Guangchang and Mr. Wang Qunbin,
      respectively; the posts of Co-Chief Executive Officers are Mr. Chen Qiyu and Mr. Xu Xiaoliang. This segregation ensures a clear
      distinction between the Chairman’s responsibility to manage the Board and the Chief Executive Officer’s responsibility to manage
      the Company’s business operations. Their respective responsibilities are clearly established and set out in writing.


      The Chairman’s job responsibilities are to ensure all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising in the Board meetings; to
      ensure that Directors receive adequate information in a timely manner, and the relevant information is accurate, clear, complete
      and reliable; to lead the Board; to ensure the Board operates effectively, performs its duties, and discusses all important and
      appropriate matters in a timely manner; to be primarily responsible to decide and approve the agenda of each Board meeting and
      add other items into the agenda upon request from other Directors (where applicable), which can be delegated to other Directors
      or the Company Secretary; to ensure the Company to adopt a sound corporate governance code and procedure; to encourage all
      Directors devoting themselves to the Board’s matters and to ensure the Board acts in the best interest of the Company to take the
      lead; to encourage Directors with different opinions to express their concerns and give adequate time to discuss and to ensure the
      decisions of the Board fairly reflect consensus of the Board; to meet with the independent non-executive Directors at least once
      annually, without the presence of other Directors; to ensure appropriate procedures to keep effective communication with the
      shareholders and to ensure shareholders’ opinions are delivered to the whole Board; to promote a culture of openness and debate
      by facilitating the effective contribution of Directors (especially non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors)
      to the Board, and to ensure constructive relationship among executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-
      executive Directors.


      The Chief Executive Officer’s job responsibilities are to lead the management to operate the daily business of the Group in line
      with the business plan and budget approved by the Board; to lead the management to ensure an efficient co-operation relationship
      with the Chairman and the Board and to meet or communicate with the Chairman regularly to review the key development,
      matters, opportunities and concerns; to establish and give advice on the Group’s strategy and policy for the Board’s consideration;
      to implement the strategy and policy approved by the Board or Board committees and achieve the goal of the Group with the
      assistance of the management; to continuously discuss with the Chairman on those key and fundamental topics and to ensure the
      Board to be informed of those topics; to ensure the management to provide report to the Board in priority, including appropriate,
      accurate, timely and clear material to assist the Board in performing its responsibilities; to ensure the Board (especially the
      Chairman) to notice the complicated, controversial and sensitive matters of the Group in advance; to lead the communication
      plan with the equity holders (including shareholders); and to direct the Group’s business in line with the common practice and
      procedures adopted by the Board, to encourage the Group to maintain the highest integrity, justice and corporate governance
      level.


D. BOARD COMMITTEES
      The Board has established the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee and Environmental, Social
      and Governance Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the Company
      were established with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of the above-mentioned Board committees are
      posted on the Company’s website (www.fosun.com) and/or the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk) and are
      available to Shareholders upon request.


      As at the date of this report, the members of the above mentioned Board committees are all independent non-executive Directors.
      The Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties, and upon reasonable request, are able to
      seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense.


      Audit Committee
      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee comprised four independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr.
      Zhang Shengman (Chairman), Mr. David T. Zhang, Dr. Lee Kai-Fu and Ms. Tsang King Suen Katherine. None of the members of the
      Audit Committee is a former partner of the Company’s existing external auditors.




     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
60   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




The main duties of the Audit Committee include the following:

•      To review the financial statements and reports and consider any significant or unusual items raised by the Company’s staff
       responsible for the accounting and financial reporting function or external auditors before submission to the Board;

•      To review the relationship with the external auditors by reference to the work performed by the auditors, their fees and
       terms of engagement, and make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of
       external auditors; and

•      To review the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management and internal
       control systems (including the adequacy of resources, qualification and experience of staff of the Company’s accounting,
       internal audit and financial reporting function, their training programmes and budget) and associated procedures.

The Audit Committee held three meetings during the Reporting Period. The attendance records of each member of the Audit
Committee are set out below in the section “ATTENDANCE RECORD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS”.

The work performed by the Audit Committee during the Reporting Period is summarized as follows:

(1)    Reviewed and approved the Audit Planning 2022 of the Group;

(2)    Reviewed the financial results and reports of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022, and for the six months
       ended 30 June 2023, and recommend approval by the Board;

(3)    Reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system and recommend action to the Board where
       appropriate; and

(4)    Considered and approved the terms of engagement and fees proposed by the external auditor and recommended to the
       Board on the re-appointment of the external auditor.

The Company’s annual results for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee.


Remuneration Committee
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee comprised five independent non-executive Directors, namely
Mr. Zhang Huaqiao (Chairman), Mr. Zhang Shengman, Mr. David T. Zhang, Dr. Lee Kai-Fu and Ms. Tsang King Suen Katherine.

The main duties of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

•      To make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior
       management after assessing their performance, on the remuneration of non-executive Directors and independent non-
       executive Directors, as well as on the remuneration policy and structure for all Directors and senior management;

•      To review and approve the terms of the executive directors’ service contracts;

•      To be responsible for establishing transparent procedures for developing such remuneration policy and structure to ensure
       that no Director or any of his/her associates will participate in deciding his/her own remuneration. The remuneration of the
       Directors and senior management will be determined by reference to the performance of the individual and the Company
       as well as market practice and conditions;

•      To review and approve compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any loss or termination of
       office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;

•      To review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure
       that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and appropriate; and

•      To review and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                  FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                61
Corporate Governance Report




      The Remuneration Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period. The attendance records of each member of the
      Remuneration Committee are set out below in the section “ATTENDANCE RECORD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS”.


      The work performed by the Remuneration Committee during the Reporting Period is summarized as follows:


      (1)     Reviewed the remuneration report of the executive Directors for the year 2022;


      (2)     Reviewed the target proposal and remuneration package of the executive Directors for the year 2023;


      (3)     Reviewed the changes to the remuneration structure of Directors and senior management;


      (4)     Reviewed and discussed the remuneration of Directors appointed during the Reporting Period and made recommendations
              to the Board; and


      (5)     Considered and made recommendation to the Board in respect of the grant of (i) the 2023 First Award Shares, (ii) the 2023
              First Share Options, (iii) the 2023 Second Award Shares and (iv) the 2023 Second Share Options. For further details of such
              grant of award shares and share options, please refer to section headed “SHARE AWARD SCHEMES” and “SHARE OPTION
              SCHEMES” under the “Directors’ Report” in this annual report.


      Nomination Committee
      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee comprised five independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr.
      David T. Zhang (Chairman), Mr. Zhang Shengman, Mr. Zhang Huaqiao, Dr. Lee Kai-Fu and Ms. Tsang King Suen Katherine.


      The main duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:


      •       To review the structure, size, composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) and diversity of the Board on a
              regular basis and make recommendations to the Board regarding any proposed changes;


      •       To identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make recommendations to the Board on
              the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;


      •       To assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and


      •       To make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to the appointment or re-appointment of Directors
              and succession planning for Directors.


      The Nomination Committee shall consider the following criteria in evaluating and selecting candidates for directorship:


      (1)     Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board including but not limited
              to gender, age, cultural and educational background, and professional experience;


      (2)     Personal integrity;


      (3)     Time commitments of such individuals;


      (4)     The Company’s needs; and


      (5)     Other relevant statutory requirements and regulations.


      The Nomination Committee has adopted a set of nomination procedures for selection of candidates for directorship of the
      Company as below:


      (1)     When it is necessary to fill a causal vacancy or appoint an additional Director, the Nomination Committee identifies or
              selects candidates pursuant to the criteria set out above;


     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
62   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




(2)    When it is necessary to re-appoint an existing Director, the Nomination Committee reviews overall contribution and service
       of the retiring Director to the Company and determine whether the retiring Director continues to meet the criteria as set
       out above;


(3)    The Nomination Committee makes recommendation to the Board; and


(4)    The Board deliberates and decides on the appointment based upon the recommendation of the Nomination Committee.


The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period. The attendance records of each member of the
Nomination Committee are set out below in the section “ATTENDANCE RECORD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS”.


The work performed by the Nomination Committee during the Reporting Period is summarized as follows:


(1)    Reviewed the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board;


(2)    Assessed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;


(3)    Discussed and made recommendation to the Board in relation to the re-appointment of retiring Directors at the 2023
       annual general meeting; and


(4)    Selected and recommended candidates for the appointment of new directors in accordance with the nomination procedures
       during the Reporting Period.


Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee comprised five independent non-
executive Directors, namely Dr. Lee Kai-Fu (Chairman), Mr. Zhang Shengman, Mr. Zhang Huaqiao, Mr. David T. Zhang and Ms.
Tsang King Suen Katherine.


The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee was established to assist the Board in providing direction on and overseeing
the development and implementation of the ESG initiatives of the Group. The main duties of the Environmental, Social and
Governance Committee include the following:


•      To oversee the development of the ESG vision, strategies and policies;


•      To oversee the implementation of the ESG vision, strategies and policies;


•      To oversee the funding of ESG initiatives; and


•      To oversee the external communications policies.


The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period. The attendance records of
each member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee are set out below in the section “ATTENDANCE RECORD OF
DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS”.


The work performed by the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee during the Reporting Period is summarized as
follows:


(1)    Considered and reviewed the 2022 ESG report; and


(2)    Reviewed the ESG working progress, discussed the ESG working plans.




                                                                                                 FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                               63
Corporate Governance Report




E. ATTENDANCE RECORD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE
   MEMBERS
      The attendance record of each Director at the Board and Board committee meetings in 2023, and annual general meeting and
      extraordinary general meeting of the Company held for the year of 2023 is set out in the table below:


                                                                                                       Environmental,
                                                                                                            Social and    Annual   Extraordinary
                                                                     Audit   Remuneration   Nomination    Governance     General         General
       Name of Director                                  Board   Committee     Committee     Committee     Committee     Meeting        Meeting
       Executive Directors
       Mr. Guo Guangchang                                 8/8            –              –            –               –       1/1             1/1
       Mr. Wang Qunbin                                    8/8            –              –            –               –       1/1             1/1
       Mr. Chen Qiyu                                      8/8            –              –            –               –       1/1             1/1
       Mr. Xu Xiaoliang                                   8/8            –              –            –               –       1/1             1/1
       Mr. Qin Xuetang (resigned on 17 February 2023)     2/2            –              –            –               –         –               –
       Mr. Gong Ping                                      4/4            –              –            –               –       1/1             1/1
       Mr. Huang Zhen                                     8/8            –              –            –               –       1/1             1/1
       Mr. Pan Donghui (appointed on 29 March 2023)       5/5            –              –            –               –       1/1               –
       Non-Executive Directors
       Mr. Zhuang Yuemin (resigned on 2 February 2023)    0/2            –              –            –               –         –               –
       Mr. Yu Qingfei                                     8/8            –              –            –               –       1/1             1/1
       Mr. Li Shupei                                      8/8            –              –            –               –       1/1             1/1
       Mr. Li Fuhua (appointed on 2 February 2023)        6/6            –              –            –               –       1/1             1/1
       Independent Non-Executive Directors
       Mr. Zhang Shengman                                 8/8          3/3            2/2          1/1             2/2       1/1             1/1
       Mr. Zhang Huaqiao                                  8/8            –            2/2          1/1             2/2       1/1             1/1
       Mr. David T. Zhang                                 8/8          3/3            2/2          1/1             2/2       1/1             1/1
       Dr. Lee Kai-Fu                                     8/8          3/3            2/2          1/1             2/2       1/1             1/1
       Ms. Tsang King Suen Katherine                      8/8          3/3            2/2          1/1             2/2       1/1             1/1


F. MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
      The Company has adopted the Model Code. Specific enquiry has been made to each of the Directors, and the Directors have
      confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code throughout the Reporting Period. The Company has also established
      written guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code for securities transactions by the relevant employees who are
      likely to be in possession of undisclosed inside information of the Company. No incident of non-compliance of the above mentioned
      written guidelines by the relevant employees of the Company was noted by the Company.


G. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING
      The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced and clear assessment of annual and interim reports, inside information
      announcements and other disclosures required under the Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The Directors
      acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023. The
      senior management has provided such explanation and information to the Board as necessary to enable the Board to carry out an
      informed assessment of the financial information and position of the Company put to the Board for approval.




     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
64   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                     Corporate Governance Report




H. EXTERNAL AUDITORS AND AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
     The statement of Ernst & Young, the external auditors of the Company, about their reporting responsibilities for the financial
     statements is set out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” of this annual report.


     During the Reporting Period, the remuneration paid to Ernst & Young, the external auditors of the Company, in respect of
     professional audit services, amounted to RMB11.90 million and no significant non-audit services were provided by Ernst & Young to
     the Company.


I.   RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks that it is willing to take in achieving the
     Company’s strategic objectives, and ensuring that the Company establishes, maintains and reviews the effectiveness of the risk
     management and internal control systems. The Board oversees the management in the design, implementation and monitoring of
     the risk management and internal control systems efficiently, and the management provides a confirmation to the Board on the
     effectiveness of these systems. The Company identifies, evaluates and monitors significant risks faced by the Company and builds
     up its risk management and internal control systems aiming at risk control, taking into consideration (i) the findings of internal
     audits and issues revealed during operation and management, (ii) audit findings of external auditors to achieve the goal of risk
     control, (iii) the changes, since the last review, in the nature and extent of significant risks, and the Company’s ability to respond
     to changes in its business and the external environment; (iv) the scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks
     and of the internal control systems and the work of the internal audit function, (v) the extent and frequency of communication of
     monitoring results to the Board or the Audit Committee which enables it to assess control of the Company and the effectiveness
     of risk management; (vi) significant control failings or weaknesses that have been identified during the period as well as the extent
     to which they have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had, or may in the future have, a
     material impact on the Company’s financial performance or condition; and (vii) the effectiveness of the Company’s processes for
     financial reporting and regulatory compliance. Such significant risks include ESG risks, decision-making risks of operation, financial
     control risks, and the risks arising from changes in business environment. The Board acknowledges that such systems are designed
     to manage rather than to eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not
     absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


     The internal audit department of the Company conducts independent reviews on the adequacy and effectiveness of the existing risk
     management and internal control systems according to the audit strategy and annual audit plan of the Company. These reviews are
     performed annually. It is also responsible for monitoring the stable and proper operation and improvement of the risk management
     and internal control systems. Audit findings of the Company are reported to the Audit Committee, and the Board oversees the
     implementation of any remedial and improvement measures to be taken. After following up and checking, such measures have
     been taken as expected to resolve material internal control defects.


     With respect to procedures and internal control for the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Company is required
     to disclose inside information as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with the SFO and the Listing Rules; conducts its
     affairs with close regard to the Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information issued by the Securities and Futures Commission; has
     included in the Group’s Code of Conduct a strict prohibition on the unauthorized use of confidential or inside information; ensures
     through its own internal reporting processes and the consideration of their outcome by the management, the appropriate handling
     and dissemination of inside information.


     During the Reporting Period, the Board has reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the
     Group. The Company continued to improve the standardization and systematic development of the internal control system, covering
     the functions of financial control, operational control, compliance control and risk management. The internal audit department
     of the Company has carried out independent internal control audits in respect of those significant risk areas, such as corporate
     governance, financial income and expenses, equity investment, project management, asset management, information management
     etc., and has reported to the Audit Committee regularly in respect of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
     systems and significant risks. The boards of directors of the subsidiaries have submitted evaluation reports to the Company on the
     effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems. The Company considers that its risk management and internal
     control systems are effective and adequate.




                                                                                                          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                        65
Corporate Governance Report




J.    COMPANY SECRETARY
      The Company Secretary is the employee of the Company. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company
      Secretary. The Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that Board meeting procedures are followed and for facilitating
      information flows and communications among Directors as well as with management.


      The Company Secretary’s biography is set out in the section of “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” in this
      annual report. During 2023, the Company Secretary has received over 15 hours of professional training.


K. COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
      The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and investors’
      understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company also recognizes the importance of transparency
      and timely disclosure of corporate information, which will enable shareholders and investors to make the best investment decisions.


      In order to enhance corporate governance, the Company has formulated a shareholder communication policy, which sets out,
      among other things, how Shareholders can communicate their views on various matters affecting the Company and how the
      Company solicits and understands the views of Shareholders and stakeholders.


      In accordance with the shareholder communication policy, the Group has taken various steps to solicit and understand the views of
      Shareholders and stakeholders. The Group delivers its most updated information through, among others, announcements made on
      the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website, communication with analysts, meetings with investors, maintenance of the website of
      the Company concerning investor relations, dissemination of investor’s newsletter and public forum.


      Below is a list of major investor relations events conducted by the Group during the Reporting Period:

                   Annual Results Announcement                                                           Interim Results Announcement
                   Press Conference                                                                      Press Conference
                   Analyst Earnings Call                                                                 Analyst Earnings Call
         2023                                                                                  2023
        1st Half                                                                              2nd Half
                   Roadshows in Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, Hong Kong, and European Region              Roadshows in Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong

                   Investor Conferences in Asia                                                          Investor Open Day in Shanghai



      The general meetings of the Company provide a forum for communication between the Board and the Shareholders. The Chairman
      as well as the Chairman of the Audit, Remuneration, Nomination and Environmental, Social and Governance Committees and,
      in their absence, other members of the respective committees and, where applicable, the Chairman of the Independent Board
      Committee, are able to solicit and understand the views of Shareholders and stakeholders at general meetings.


      The Company also endeavors to distribute material information about the Group to the public. To promote effective
      communication, the Company maintains a website at www.fosun.com, where information and updates on the Company’s business
      developments and operations, financials, investor relations, and other information are available to the public.


      Having considered the above adopted measures for communication with Shareholders, the Directors have reviewed the
      implementation of the shareholder communication policy and considered such policy effective during the Reporting Period.


      There are no changes in the Articles of Association during the Reporting Period. The up-to-date version of the Articles of
      Association is available on the Company’s website and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website.




     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
66   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




L. SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS
  Shareholders representing at least 5% of the total voting rights of all the shareholders having a right to vote at general meetings
  may request the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting of the Company subject to Sections 566 to 580 of the
  Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622) and Article 56 of the Articles of Association. The objects of the meeting must be stated in the
  related requisition which must be signed by the requisitionist(s) and deposited at the registered office of the Company.


  To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolutions are proposed at general meetings for each substantially
  separate issue, including the election of individual Directors.


  Subject to Sections 580 to 583 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622), qualified shareholder(s) may put forward any proposals
  for discussion at the next general meeting of the Company by making requisition to the Board using contact details below in the
  section “Contact Details”.


  The rights of shareholders and the procedures for demanding a poll on resolutions at general meetings are contained in the Articles
  of Association and the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622). Pursuant to the Listing Rules, any vote of shareholders at a general
  meeting must be taken by poll, except where the Chairman, in good faith, decides to allow a resolution which relates purely to a
  procedural or administrative matter to be voted on by a show of hands. Poll results announcement will be posted on the websites
  of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in the manner prescribed by the Listing Rules.


  Putting Forward Enquiry/Requisition to the Board
  For putting forward any enquiries or requisitions to the Board, shareholders may send written enquiries/requisitions to the
  Company.


  Contact Details
  Shareholders may send their enquiries or requisitions as mentioned above to the following:


  Company Name: Fosun International Limited
  Address: Room 808, ICBC Tower, 3 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong


  For the avoidance of doubt, shareholders must send the original duly signed written requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry
  (as the case may be) to the above address, and provide their full name, contact details and identification in order to give effect
  thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.


  Key Shareholder Dates
  Key shareholder dates for 2024 are:


  •      June 2024: annual general meeting;


  •      August 2024: release of announcement of interim results in respect of the six months ending 30 June 2024; and


  •      September 2024: release of interim report in respect of the six months ending 30 June 2024.




                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                   67
Corporate Governance Report




M. DIVIDEND POLICY
      The Company adopts a dividend policy of providing shareholders with regular dividends. In general, the Company will propose
      dividends annually when the Board approves the annual results. In determining the appropriate amount of dividend, the Company
      actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure an optimal capital structure and shareholder returns. The
      general dividend policy of the Company is as follows:


      •       in determining its dividend payment ratio in respect of any particular financial year, the Company will take into account a
              desire to maintain a stable dividend level within its overall objective of maximizing shareholders’ value over the longer term;
              and


      •       if the Company pays an annual dividend in respect of a financial year, the dividend would generally be paid in the form of
              a final dividend only.


      In considering the level of dividend payments, if any, upon recommendation by the Board, the Company intends to take into
      account various factors, including:


      •       the level of the cash and retained earnings of the Company;


      •       expected financial performance of the Company;


      •       projected levels of capital expenditure and other investment plans of the Company; and


      •       the dividend yield of similar-sized companies, with similar growth listed in Hong Kong and with business operations
              comparable to those of the Company.


N. EMPLOYEES DIVERSITY
      The Group continuously promotes the establishment of a healthy, diverse and inclusive workplace, so that employees can grow
      freely in a respected environment, compete fairly and fully display their strengths.


      In strict compliance with the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Group encourages all business groups and
      subsidiary companies to develop corresponding policies according to the specific circumstances of the country and region where
      they are located, respect the tangible and intangible differences of all employees, and manage according to the five key areas of
      age, gender, disability, nationality and sexual orientation. The Group is committed to creating a fair, respectful, comfortable and
      inclusive working environment. The Group actively carries out anti-discrimination and anti-harassment training in the workplace
      to guide employees to treat others with respect, equality and fairness. During the Reporting Period, the Group has embraced a
      diversity strategy in the recruitment and promotion process and successfully achieved the Group’s male to female employees ratio
      of 51:49 as of 31 December 2023. The Group will strive to maintain the current proportion of female employees in order to attract
      and retain as many talents as possible from our broad talent pool.




     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
68   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




O. ESG RISKS
   The Group has integrated ESG risks, including climate risks, into its overall risk management mechanism and has also integrated
   sustainability into its business operations.


   The Board of Directors of the Company regularly discusses and reviews ESG risks, including them in the Group’s risk assessment
   scope and risk management system. Besides, the Company established “ESG performance-related remuneration assessment
   mechanism” which include “ESG risk management” as an indicator to link the Board and senior management’s remuneration to
   ESG. The Company’s ESG Management Committee regularly reports to the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee under
   the Board and the ESG Board Committee on the latest trends in ESG and ESG related risks and opportunities, and provides relevant
   recommendations for ongoing monitoring. The Company uses risk management tools, including sensitivity analysis, scenario analysis
   and stress testing, to identify, evaluate and manage specific ESG risks.


   The Group has embedded the consideration of ESG risk factors into the complete responsible investment process. The Group
   has developed a number of responsible investment strategies and a series of internal management tools embedded in the whole
   responsible investment process so as to comprehensively consider ESG factors. The Group also actively carries out responsible
   investment training for the investment teams to enhance their ESG risk awareness and sense of responsibility. The Company
   regularly issues ESG risk self-examination forms to its subsidiaries to identify potential ESG risks and takes corresponding
   management and countermeasures.


   The Group also conducts ESG risk assessment on suppliers, in accordance with the Fosun Group Supplier Code of Conduct and
   the Supplier Conduct Risk Rating List. The suppliers’ ESG risk and management level is comprehensively assessed, including human
   rights, fair labor conditions, business ethics, environment, health, safety and quality management, security and sustainability of
   business operations, procurement of suppliers, inspection and corrective measures, reporting channels and other dimensions.




                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                   69
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

Executive Directors




       Guo Guangchang                        Wang Qunbin                         Chen Qiyu                          Xu Xiaoliang

Guo Guangchang, aged 56, is an Executive Director and Chairman of the Company and the founder of the Group. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, he has also been a director of both Fosun Holdings and Fosun International Holdings (the direct and indirect controlling
shareholders of the Company, respectively), honorary chairman of The Zhejiang Chamber of Commerce, Shanghai, etc.. Mr. Guo was
honored the “Lifetime Achievement Award” by the 8th World Chinese Economic Summit, the “Lifetime Achievement Award” at the
16th CNBC Asia Business Leaders Award Ceremony, and the “50 Most Influential Business Leaders in China 2023” by Fortune China etc..
Mr. Guo received a bachelor’s degree in philosophy in 1989 and a master’s degree in business administration in 1999, both from Fudan
University. Mr. Guo is the controlling shareholder of the Company who is interested in and deemed interested in the Shares, representing
approximately 73.43% of the total issued Shares as at the end of the Reporting Period. Please refer to the section headed “INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES” in this annual report for
details of his interest in the Shares.

Wang Qunbin, aged 54, is an Executive Director and Co-Chairman of the Company, and the founder of the Group. Mr. Wang was a
non-executive director of Fosun Pharma (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the SSE) and Sinopharm (listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange). Mr. Wang was awarded “Asia Pacific Outstanding Entrepreneur Awards” by Enterprise Asia and “Best Asian Corporate
Director” at the Asian Excellence Recognition Awards by Corporate Governance Asia , etc., and was named one of “China’s 50 Top-
performing Corporate Leaders” by Harvard Business Review . Mr. Wang received a bachelor’s degree in genetic engineering from Fudan
University in 1991.

Chen Qiyu, aged 51, is an Executive Director and Co-CEO of the Company. Mr. Chen joined the Group in 1994 and as at the end of the
Reporting Period, he has also been a non-executive director of Fosun Pharma (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the SSE) and
Shanghai Henlius (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), a non-executive director and vice chairman of Sinopharm (listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange), a director of Gland Pharma (listed on the BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited) and various
companies within the Group. Mr. Chen was a director of Sanyuan Foods (listed on the SSE) and a co-chairman of New Frontier Health
Corporation (delisted from the NYSE in January 2022). As at the end of the Reporting Period, Mr. Chen has been the chairman of China
Medical Pharmaceutical Material Association, a vice chairman of China Pharmaceutical Innovation and Research Development Association,
the honorary chairman and chief supervisor of Shanghai Biopharmaceutics Industry Association, a member of the 14th Shanghai Standing
Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, etc.. Mr. Chen was awarded “Asia’s Best CEO” by Corporate
Governance Asia , etc.. Mr. Chen received a bachelor’s degree in genetics from Fudan University in 1993 and an EMBA degree from China
Europe International Business School in 2005.

Xu Xiaoliang, aged 50, is an Executive Director and Co-CEO of the Company. Mr. Xu joined the Group in 1998, and as at the end of the
Reporting Period, he has also been a non-executive director of Fosun Pharma (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the SSE), an
executive director and chairman of FTG (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), a director of Yuyuan (listed on the SSE), Shanghai Foyo
Culture & Entertainment Co., Ltd. (delisted from the NEEQ in April 2021, “Shanghai Foyo”) and various companies within the Group.
Mr. Xu was a non-independent director of Hainan Mining (listed on the SSE), a non-executive director and vice chairman of Zhaojin Mining
Industry Co., Ltd. (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 01818, “Zhaojin Mining”), and a director of Shanghai
Resource Property Consulting Co., Ltd. (delisted from the NEEQ in December 2020, “Resource Property”). As at the end of the Reporting
Period, Mr. Xu has been a deputy to the 16th Shanghai Municipal People’s Congress and the chairman of Shanghai International Fashion
Federation. Mr. Xu was awarded “Asia’s Best CEO” by Corporate Governance Asia , the “Shanghai 4 May Youth Medal” and “Shanghai
Top Ten Youth Business People”, etc.. Mr. Xu received a master’s degree in business administration from the East China Normal University
in 2002 and received an EMBA degree from Fudan University in 2019.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 70   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                   Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management




Executive Directors




            Gong Ping                                           Huang Zhen                                        Pan Donghui

Gong Ping, aged 48, is an Executive Director, Executive President and CFO of the Company. Mr. Gong joined the Group in 2011 and as
at the end of the Reporting Period, he has also been a director of Yuyuan (listed on the SSE and he resigned as the director in January
2024) and various companies within the Group. He used to serve as a senior assistant to president of the Group, the general manager
of Corporate Development Department and the CEO of Fosun Hive. He was the chairman of PAREF (listed on the Euronext Paris), a non-
executive director of Shanghai Zendai Property Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 00755) and Fosun
Pharma (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the SSE), and a director of Shanghai Bailian Group Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE with
stock code 600827, “Shanghai Bailian”) and Resource Property (delisted from the NEEQ in December 2020). Prior to joining the Group,
Mr. Gong worked at Pudong branch and the headquarters of Bank of Shanghai as well as the PRC headquarters of Standard Chartered
Bank. Mr. Gong also served as a global strategist at the headquarters of Samsung Group in Korea, carrying out special assignments across
various sectors including financial services, technology and real estate worldwide. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Mr. Gong has
been a council member of Shanghai Association for Youth Entrepreneurship and Employment. Mr. Gong graduated from Fudan University
in 1998 with a bachelor’s degree in international finance, and then obtained his master’s degree in finance from Fudan University in 2005.
Mr. Gong also received his master’s degree in business administration from International Institute for Management Development (IMD) in
Lausanne, Switzerland in 2008.


Huang Zhen, aged 52, is an Executive Director, Executive President and Chief Growth Officer (CGO) of the Company. Mr. Huang joined
the Group in 2017 and as at the end of the Reporting Period, he has also been the chairman of Yuyuan (listed on the SSE) and Lanvin
Group (listed on the NYSE), a non-executive director of FTG (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), a director of Shede Spirits (listed
on the SSE), Resource Property (delisted from NEEQ in December 2020), Shanghai Bailian (listed on the SSE), Sanyuan Foods (listed on the
SSE) and various companies within the Group. Mr. Huang was a non-executive director of Zhaojin Mining (listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange) and a director of Jinhui Liquor Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE with stock code 603919). Before joining the Group, Mr. Huang was
the deputy general manager of Shanghai Jahwa United Co., Ltd., and the general manager of Shanghai Herborist Cosmetics Co., Ltd.,
etc.. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Mr. Huang has been a member of the 14th Shanghai Committee of the Chinese People’s
Political Consultative Conference, a member of the 3rd Shanghai Huangpu District Standing Committee of the Chinese People’s Political
Consultative Conference, the chairman of Shanghai Huangpu District Federation of Industry and Commerce, the president of Shanghai
Huangpu District Chamber of Commerce, the vice chairman of China Gold Association and Gems & Jewelry Trade Association of China,
etc.. Mr. Huang was awarded “Leading Figures of Shanghai Industry and Commerce”, “Top Ten Economic Figures in China’s Circulation
Industry” and “National Outstanding Commercial Entrepreneur”, etc.. Mr. Huang received a bachelor’s degree in economics from Shanghai
University of Finance and Economics in 1994 and a master’s degree in business administration from Webster University (USA) in 1998.


Pan Donghui, aged 54, is an Executive Director, Executive President and Chief Human Resources Officer (CHO) of the Company. Mr.
Pan was appointed as the Executive Director of the Company in March 2023. Mr. Pan joined the Group in 1994 and as at the end of the
Reporting Period, he has also been a non-executive director of Fosun Pharma (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the SSE) and
FTG (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and a director of Shanghai Foyo (delisted from NEEQ in April 2021) and various companies
within the Group. Mr. Pan also served as a director of Shanghai Ganglian E-Commerce Holdings Co., Ltd. (listed on the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange with stock code 300226). Mr. Pan obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Shanghai Jiaotong University in 1991, and a
master’s degree in business administration from the University of Southern California in the United States in 2009.




                                                                                                          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                        71
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management




Non-Executive Directors




             Yu Qingfei                                            Li Shupei                                         Li Fuhua


Yu Qingfei, aged 57, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since December 2020. Mr. Yu has management experience in
banking and insurance industries for over 30 years and has been qualified as a lawyer in China since 1993. Mr. Yu was the chairman of
Zhongrong Life Insurance Co., Ltd.. Prior to joining Zhongrong Life Insurance Co., Ltd., Mr. Yu worked in Guizhou Branch of Industrial and
Commercial Bank of China Limited and successively served as the general manager of Legal Affairs Department, the general manager of
Risk Management Department of the Guiyang Branch, the head of Guiyang Fushui Sub-branch, the head of Guiyang Yunyan Sub-branch,
the deputy head of the Guiyang Branch and the head of the Zunyi Branch. Mr. Yu obtained his bachelor’s degree in law from Southwest
University of Political Science & Law in 1989 and obtained his master’s degree in engineering from Yunnan University in 2015.


Li Shupei, aged 42, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since November 2022. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Mr.
Li has also been a deputy head of the equity investment center and the head of research and development department of the equity center
of China Everwin Asset Management Co., Ltd. and a non-executive director of Ronshine China Holdings Limited (listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange with stock code 03301). Mr. Li has joined China Everwin Asset Management Co., Ltd. since 2018, and served as a macro
strategist and non-bank financial analyst and first level researcher at the securities investment department of China Life Asset Management
Company Limited from 2015 to 2018. From 2010 to 2015, Mr. Li served as a macro analyst, strategist and vice president at the research
and development department of CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 06066 and the SSE with
stock code 601066). Mr. Li graduated from Zhengzhou University with a bachelor’s degree in management in 2005, and graduated from
Nankai University with a master’s degree in economics in 2007 and a doctor’s degree in economics in 2010, respectively.


Li Fuhua, aged 53, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since February 2023. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Mr. Li
has also been the financial director, the head of finance and the general manager of the planning and finance department of AEON Life
Insurance Co., Ltd. (“AEON Life Insurance”), the head of finance of AEON Insurance Asset Management Co., Ltd., a director of Shanghai
Zhuli (a subsidiary of the Company) and an executive director of Wangjin Holdings (Dalian) Co., Ltd.. From 1993 to 1997, Mr. Li served as
the accounting supervisor of the financial department of Jinan silk factory of Shandong Provincial Silk Corporation. From 1997 to 2000,
he served as the financial supervisor and financial manager of the financial department of China Ping An Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (“Ping
An Life Insurance”) Jinan Branch. From 2000 to 2002, he served as the director of the financial department and the project manager of
financial enterprise resource planning (ERP) of Ping An Life Insurance. From 2002 to 2004, he was the director of the financial management
office of the financial planning department of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
with stock code 02318 and the SSE with stock code 601318). From 2004 to 2008, he served as the assistant general manager of the
financial department of Taikang Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (“Taikang Life Insurance”). From 2009 to 2013, he served as the deputy general
manager of the financial department of Taikang Life Insurance. From 2013 to 2017, he served as the general manager of the accounting
department of AEON Life Insurance. Mr. Li graduated from Shandong College of Finance (currently known as Shandong University of
Finance and Economics) with a bachelor’s degree in accountancy in 1998. Mr. Li holds certificates of qualification of Senior International
Finance Manager and International Certified Management Accountant.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 72   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                   Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management




Independent Non-Executive Directors




         Zhang Shengman                                        Zhang Huaqiao                                      David T. Zhang


Zhang Shengman, aged 66, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since December 2006. As at the end of
the Reporting Period, Mr. Zhang has also been a non-executive director of Seazen Group Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
with stock code 01030) and an independent non-executive director of China Lilang Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with
stock code 01234) and Green Economy Development Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 01315). Mr. Zhang
worked in the PRC Ministry of Finance as a deputy director and vice secretary from 1987 to 1992. From 1993 to 2005, Mr. Zhang served as
an executive director for China, vice president and chief secretary, senior vice director, managing director and chairman of the operations
committee, the sanctions committee and the corporate committee on fraud and corruption policy of the World Bank. Mr. Zhang joined
Citigroup Inc. (listed on the NYSE with stock code C) in February 2006, and up to May 2016 once served as the chairman of the Public
Sector Group, president and chairman of Asia Pacific. Mr. Zhang received a bachelor’s degree in English literature in 1978 from Fudan
University and a master’s degree in public administration in 1986 from University of the District of Columbia. Mr. Zhang completed the
Harvard Advanced Management Program in 1997.

Zhang Huaqiao, aged 60, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since March 2012. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, Mr. Zhang has been an independent non-executive director of Zhong An Group Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange with stock code 00672), Logan Group Company Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 03380),
Luye Pharma Group Ltd. (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 02186), Radiance Holdings (Group) Company Limited
(listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 09993) and Haitong International Securities Group Limited (delisted from the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange in January 2024). From July 1986 to January 1989, Mr. Zhang was employed at the People’s Bank of China
and from June 1999 to April 2006, Mr. Zhang worked at the Equities Department of UBS AG, Hong Kong Branch at which he first served
as the head of China research team and later became co-head of China research team. Mr. Zhang was the chief operating officer from
March 2006 to September 2008 and an executive director from May 2006 to September 2008 of Shenzhen Investment Limited (listed on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 00604). From September 2008 to June 2011, he was the deputy head of China Investment
Banking at UBS Securities Asia Limited. Mr. Zhang was also a non-executive director of Boer Power Holdings Limited (listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 01685), an independent non-executive director of China Huirong Financial Holdings Limited (listed
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 01290), and China Rapid Finance Limited (listed on the NYSE with stock code XRF),
and a non-executive director, executive director and chairman of China Smartpay Group Holdings Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange with stock code 08325). Mr. Zhang graduated from the Graduate School of the People’s Bank of China with a master’s degree in
economics in 1986, and from the Australian National University with a master’s degree in economics in 1991.

David T. Zhang, aged 61, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since June 2012. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, Mr. Zhang had also been a senior corporate partner in the Hong Kong office of Kirkland & Ellis International LLP, a
leading international law firm, from which he retired in January 2024. Admitted to the practice of law in the State of New York, USA and
based in Hong Kong, Mr. Zhang specializes in securities offerings and M&A transactions. He has extensive experience representing Chinese
issuers and leading investment banks in US initial public offerings, Hong Kong initial public offerings and other Rule 144A and Regulation
S offerings of equity, debt and convertible securities. Mr. Zhang has represented a number of leading private equity funds, multinational
corporations and sovereign wealth funds in connection with their investments and M&A transactions in the Greater China region and
Southeast Asia. In addition, Mr. Zhang has successfully guided China-based companies listed in the Unites States and Hong Kong through
complex mission-critical moments, counselling leaders and boards of directors on high-stakes matters at the intersection of litigation,
regulatory enforcement, reputation and public policy. Mr. Zhang has been rated as a top capital markets attorney by Chambers Global,
Legal 500 Asia Pacific, IFLR1000 and Chambers Asia Pacific. Prior to joining Kirkland & Ellis International LLP in August 2011, Mr. Zhang
was a partner of Latham & Watkins LLP, a leading international law firm, for eight years. Mr. Zhang graduated from Beijing Foreign Studies
University in 1981 and received his J.D. degree from Tulane University Law School in 1991.


                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                         73
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management




Independent Non-Executive Directors




                               Lee Kai-Fu                                         Tsang King Suen Katherine


Lee Kai-Fu, aged 62, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since March 2017. As at the end of the Reporting
Period, Dr. Lee has also been a co-founder and the managing partner of Sinovation Ventures Development Funds, the chairman and CEO
of Innovation Works Limited, a director of Sinovation Ventures (Beijing) Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., a non-executive director of
Meitu, Inc. (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 01357) and the chairman and non-executive director of Qingdao
Ainnovation Technology Group Co., Ltd (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 02121). Dr. Lee has also been a director
of various companies in the internet, artificial intelligence and other industries. From 1988 to 1990, Dr. Lee worked at Carnegie Mellon
University, where he served as an assistant professor; between July 1990 and April 1996, Dr. Lee worked at Apple Inc. (listed on NASDAQ
with stock code AAPL), serving as a vice president from December 1995; from July 1998 to July 2005, Dr. Lee was the vice president of
Microsoft Corporation (listed on NASDAQ with stock code MSFT); from July 2005 to September 2009, Dr. Lee was the president of Google
China of Google Inc. (listed on NASDAQ with stock code GOOGL), and he was responsible for launching the Google China R&D Centre.
Dr. Lee was also an independent director of LightInTheBox Holding Co., Ltd. (listed on the NYSE with stock code LITB), an independent
non-executive director of Shangri-La Asia Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 00069) and Hon Hai Precision
Industry Co., Ltd. (listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange with stock code 2317). Dr. Lee received his bachelor’s degree and Ph.D. in
Computer Science from Columbia University in 1983 and Carnegie Mellon University in 1988, respectively, as well as Honorary Doctorate
Degrees from both the City University of Hong Kong and Carnegie Mellon University in 2010 and 2015, respectively.


Tsang King Suen Katherine, aged 66, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since December 2020. Ms.
Tsang is the founder of Max Giant Capital. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Ms. Tsang has also been an executive director and chief
executive officer of HK Acquisition Corporation (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 07841) and an independent non-
executive director of Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 01876), Fidelity
Emerging Markets Limited (listed on the London Stock Exchange with stock code FEML) and China CITIC Bank International Limited. Ms.
Tsang was an independent non-executive director of Baoshan Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE with stock code 600019) from May
2006 to April 2012, the chairperson of Greater China of Standard Chartered Bank from August 2009 to August 2014, an independent non-
executive director of Gap Inc. (listed on the NYSE with stock code GPS) from August 2010 to May 2018. As at the end of the Reporting
Period, Ms. Tsang has been a member of the Advisory Council for China of the City of London, an honorary board member of Shanghai
Jiao Tong University and a member of Finance and Investment Committee of The Boys’ and Girls’ Clubs Association of Hong Kong. Ms.
Tsang was a member of the World Economic Forum’s Global Agenda Council on China from 2009 to 2012 and a member of Sotheby’s
Asia Advisory Board from November 2011 to October 2014. Ms. Tsang graduated from University of Alberta, Canada with a bachelor’s
degree in Commerce in 1978.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 74   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                  Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management




SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY
Sze Mei Ming, aged 46, is the Company Secretary, Senior Assistant to the President, Deputy Chief Risk Officer and General Manager of
Office of Board Secretary of the Company. Ms. Sze joined the Group in 2007, and has been the Company Secretary of the Company since
March 2009. Ms. Sze holds a bachelor’s degree in Arts from the University of Hong Kong, a bachelor’s degree in laws from the University
of London and a master’s degree in Chinese and Comparative Law from the City University of Hong Kong. Ms. Sze has experience in the
company secretarial industry for more than twenty years and is a fellow member of both The Chartered Governance Institute and The
Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute, and awarded with the dual designations of Chartered Secretary and Chartered Governance
Professional. As at the end of the Reporting Period, she was a member of The Mainland China Technical Consultation Panel of The Hong
Kong Chartered Governance Institute.




                                                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                     75
Directors’ Report

The Board is pleased to present its report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is a global innovation-driven consumer group dedicated to providing high-quality products and services for families around
the world that focuses on the development of business segments such as Health, Happiness and Wealth.


BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE GROUP IN 2023
A fair view of the business of the Group in 2023 and a discussion and analysis of the material factors underlying the Group’s performance,
results and financial position during the year are provided in the sections headed “Business Review” and “Financial Review” under
“Management Discussion & Analysis” in this annual report, respectively. Description of the major risks and uncertainties faced by the
Group can be found throughout this annual report, particularly in the “Directors’ Report”. Particulars of important events affecting the
Group that have occurred since the end of the financial year 2023, can also be found in the above mentioned sections and the Notes to
Financial Statements. The outlook of the Group’s business is discussed throughout this annual report including the section headed “Letter
to Shareholders”.


RESULTS AND DIVIDEND
The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the state of affairs of the Group at that date are set out in the financial
statements and the accompanying notes of this annual report.


The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.038 per Share for the year ended 31 December 2023 to the
shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Tuesday, 18 June 2024. Subject to
approval by the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Thursday, 6 June 2024 (the
“AGM”), the proposed final dividend will be paid on Friday, 19 July 2024 to the shareholders of the Company.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 3 June 2024 to Thursday, 6 June 2024, both days inclusive, during
which period no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all share transfer documents
accompanied by the relevant share certificates and other relevant documents, if any, must be lodged with Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited, the share registrar of the Company, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
Wanchai, Hong Kong (the “Share Registrar”), for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 31 May 2024.


The register of members of the Company will also be closed from Friday, 14 June 2024 to Tuesday, 18 June 2024, both days inclusive,
during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. The ex-dividend date will be Wednesday, 12 June 2024. In order to qualify
for the final dividend to be proposed at the AGM, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates and other
relevant documents, if any, must be lodged with the Share Registrar for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 13 June 2024.


SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the financial information for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated/
reclassified as appropriate, is set out in the section headed “Five-Year Statistics” in this annual report.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 76   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                     Directors’ Report




PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT
PROPERTIES
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment, and investment properties of the Company and the Group during the
Reporting Period are set out in notes 32 and 33 to financial statements, respectively.


ISSUED SHARES
Details of movements in the Company’s Share during the Reporting Period are set out in note 53 to financial statements.


SUBSIDIARIES
The names of the principal subsidiaries, their principal country of operation, their countries of incorporation or other establishment and
particulars of their issued share capital are set out in note 4 to financial statements.


BORROWINGS
Particulars of borrowings of the Group are set out in note 50 to financial statements.


REPURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF
THE COMPANY
During the Reporting Period, the Board considered repurchases of Shares will lead to an enhancement of the net asset value per Share and/
or earnings per Share, thus the Company repurchased a total of 47,954,500 Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at an aggregate
consideration of HKD229,170,332.00. All the repurchased Shares were cancelled as at 27 March 2024.


Details of the repurchase are summarized as follows:


                                   Total number of                  Purchase price paid per Share                Total purchase price
     Month of repurchase          Shares repurchased            Highest (HKD)           Lowest (HKD)                 paid (HKD)
           April 2023                         3,695,000               5.76                     5.62                        20,999,875.00
           May 2023                          11,000,500               5.31                     5.02                        56,479,415.00
           June 2023                          1,200,000               5.32                     5.10                         6,221,045.00
            July 2023                         1,060,000               5.45                     5.26                         5,688,105.00
        September 2023                        5,394,000               4.97                     4.73                        25,919,150.00
         October 2023                         6,350,500               4.84                     4.51                        29,732,990.00
        November 2023                         3,653,000               4.81                     4.53                        16,898,410.00
        December 2023                        15,601,500               4.59                     4.10                        67,231,342.00


             Total                           47,954,500                –                         –                        229,170,332.00


Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
during the year ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                                                          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                        77
Directors’ Report




HUMAN RESOURCES
Fosun’s human resources strategy is guided by the values of “Self-improvement, Teamwork, Performance and Contribution to Society”, and
focuses on building a global entrepreneurial platform that creates outstanding value for customers, analyze the organizational capabilities
that drive business growth and rapidly iterate the corresponding organization, mechanism, and talent system. We emphasize that the
person in charge of the business is the first person in charge of human resources. Combined with an efficient and compliant governance
structure, we will set up talent committees at all levels of organizations to conduct collective discussions on major organizational and talent
issues, so as to guarantee the full engagement of business managers in the construction of organizational talent system, and by creating
a global shared platform for human resources consultation and services, it will fully empower the building of the entire Group’s human
resources organization capacity.


In 2023, Fosun further improved its organizational capability of its global operations, and formed more agile organizational support around
key strategic and business directions. Meanwhile, based on Fosun’s characteristic FC2M entrepreneurial platform and global ecosystem,
we put into practice the entrepreneurial body organizational mechanism to stimulate the entrepreneurial spirit and business vitality of our
entrepreneurial teams. By deepening our talent structure of “expert + high potential” and focusing on future development and business
growth with value creation as the core, we continued to explore the value measurement methods and market-oriented operation modes
for the headquarters-type organization and middle and back office functions, so as to continuously enhance the effectiveness of human
resources.


Fosun has always adhered to the concept of “Talents are Fosun’s first asset”. We match people with positions based on the differentiated
positioning of management talents and business talents, and design global job rotation and succession plans to drive the improvement
of the talent development system. We pay special attention to the frontline business talents, the rapid growth of high-performance and
high-potential talents, tilt organizational resources for promotion and incentives, and maintain a strong momentum for endogenous
development of talents. In terms of talent planning and attraction, we focus on the world, match the high-growth goals of the business,
continue to introduce industry leaders and experts, and build a future-oriented talent echelon in a forward-looking manner. ONE Fosun
enterprises work together to attract global talents under the ONE Fosun employer name, and providing an injection of new talent into
Fosun enterprises. As at 31 December 2023, the Group had approximately 108,000 employees and the remuneration of the employees
approximately amounted to RMB28.2 billion.


Fosun Partner Management System
The partnership model is an important mechanism for the retention and incentive of Fosun’s core talent, placing emphasis on Fosun
partners leading Fosun people, especially the entrepreneurial spirit, to create an organizational cohesion of co-creation, co-responsibility
and sharing. In 2023, Fosun’s characteristic competition and cooperation (coopetition) mechanism was exercised, currently have over 150
global partners.


Fosun’s partner management system focused on the talent standards and core competency requirements have been refined and improved,
and the management foundation for key positions and core talents has been further consolidated, promote cross-industry collaboration
through partner ecosystem campaigns, integrate internal and external resources, and create incremental value for customers. At the
same time, we put more emphasis on the investment of partners in consolidating the talent echelon, and strengthen the introduction,
development and delivery of outstanding talents from the perspective of core assets of talents.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 78   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                      Directors’ Report




Employee Experience and Service
Focusing on the concept of ESG, Fosun insists on doing business for good and people-oriented, constantly optimizes and innovates, and
strengthens the construction of an employee experience management system covering the entire career life cycle of employees. Through
mining, management and construction of employee experience points and scenarios, we fully integrate care and corporate culture into
daily work and life, covering not only employees themselves, but also employees’ families. At the same time, we encourage every Fosun
student to put forward reasonable suggestions to help the company continue to evolve employee experience. We fully link Fosun’s various
member companies and employees in various employee services and activities to jointly build Fosun’s happy ecosystem, fully understand
and spread the Fosun ecosystem, and create happiness together.


In 2023, we comprehensively evolved Fosun’s employee experience management system, fully integrated ESG concepts into employee
experience work through welfare evolution and various employee activities, actively practiced the concept of contribution to society,
and enhanced the personal and social value of employees. We take fully advantage of Fosun’s self-developed mobile applications
and comprehensive communication matrix to promptly push employee activities, compensation and benefits, and ecological rights to
employees. At the same time, in response to the changing external natural and economic environment, we pay attention to the physical
and mental health of our employees. We have comprehensively strengthened our attention to employee health and well-being, upgraded
the Employee Assistance Program (EAP) psychological assistance platform, and provided uninterrupted online psychological hotlines and
hotlines and various activities throughout the year to ensure employee engagement and satisfaction. It effectively assists Fosun in building
and upgrading its global organization.


Employee Learning and Development
Fosun regards the development of both the Company and its staff as one of the most important responsibilities of the Group, providing
employees with more opportunities for career development and better working conditions through sustained efforts. Through continuous
growth and structural optimization of the organization, we promote team integration and cooperation, create value, building an
organization which continuously learns, pursuing a vision of joint development of the Group and our employees.


We build different series of talent development programs and professional development programs according to the Group’s development
strategy, its development characteristics and Human Resources planning requirements. For different development goals, specific
development paths are planned. The training courses are designed according to entrepreneur model and professional requirements, so as
to help employees to grow rapidly while solving specific business problems at the same time. For instance, we have the partner teaching
project, chairman/CEO teaching project, FES Executive training camp, CHO special warfare camp, star youth long-distance camp and Fostar
Management Trainee Program. Fosun deepened the training and development of global talents, by designing and launching the Fosun
Global Leadership Program, an executive training program for Fosun’s executives involved in overseas business, and the Fosun Global HR
Leadership Program, an HR executive training program for overseas business, to promote Entrepreneurs of Fosun Global Industries integrate
with each other, empower the ecosystem and develop together.




                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                         79
Directors’ Report




Employment and Labor Standards
The Group has been adhering to the principle of “Attract with potential development, focus through career plan, groom through
meaningful work, appraise by performance”, advocating fair competition and opposing discrimination. All employees and job applicants are
not confined by factors such as gender, age, race, skin color or religious belief. The establishment of all human resources policies strictly
complies with all rules and relevant regulations in connection with remuneration and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, employee
schedule, equal opportunities, diversity, working hours, rest periods and other benefits in countries/regions where our operations are
located.


During the Reporting Period, all employees of the Group met the minimum working age requirements set out in the relevant laws of the
countries/regions where our operations were located and the employment of child labor or forced labor is prohibited.


Employee Remuneration Policy and Incentive
The remuneration policy and package of Fosun’s employees are periodically reviewed and determined based on the basis of their
performance, experience and current industry practice. The Group always implements incentive principles of value creation, performance
orientation, profit and loss sharing, and clear reward and punishment. Oriented by strategy implementation and employee development,
the Group adheres to value creation and growth, and builds an incremental value sharing mechanism that combines short, medium,
and long-term, emphasizing Bonus mechanism linked to OKR achievement, value growth award linked to annual performance, and
equity incentive linked to long-term value growth. Adapt to different regions and industries around the world, the Group establishes a
multi-dimensional and multi-level entrepreneurial body value measurement and value sharing mechanism. Recently, we have continued to
build an internal value sharing mechanism, focusing on campaign incentives and emphasizing value creation in key matters.and stimulates
the entrepreneurial spirit and co-entrepreneurship spirit of Fosun people.


Human Resources Intelligent Innovation
Under the strategic guidance of science and technology leadership and continuous innovation, we use digital and intelligent innovative
technological means, and on the premise of complying with various relevant laws and regulations on data security protection in various
countries, through various human resources digital and intelligent platforms Integrate with the independent research and development of
tools, advocate and connect various industrial groups and enterprises within the ecosystem to learn from each other and empower each
other, and continuously form the accumulation and precipitation of best practices in digital intelligent innovation of human resources,
leading the Group to build a compliant, smart, innovative and efficient global digital human resources solution.


SHARE AWARD SCHEMENote
2015 Share Award Scheme
A share award scheme was adopted by the Company on 25 March 2015 and terminated on 16 March 2023 (the “2015 Share Award
Scheme”). All unvested award shares granted under the 2015 Share Award Scheme will continue to be valid and will be vested in
accordance with the provisions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme.


(1)     The purposes of the 2015 Share Award Scheme are (i) to align the interests of the eligible persons with those of the Group
        through ownership of Shares, dividends and other distributions paid on Shares and/or the increase in value of the Shares; and (ii) to
        encourage and retain the eligible persons to make contributions to the long-term growth and profits of the Group.


(2)     Eligible Person to the 2015 Share Award Scheme is any individual, being an employee, a director, an officer, a consultant or an
        advisor of any member of the Group or any affiliate whom the Board or its delegate(s) considers, in its sole discretion, to have
        contributed or will contribute to the Group.




Note    Having considered that the Company is unable to ensure that the total number of issued shares of the Company between 18 April 2024 (being
        the latest practicable date (“LPD”)) and date of this report will remain the same, the Group decided to discloses the information as required to be
        disclosed under Rule 17.09(3) of the Listing Rules as of the LPD instead of the date of the annual report.




       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 80    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report




(3)    As at 18 April 2024, the number of Shares available for issue under the 2015 Share Award Scheme is 0.


(4)    The maximum entitlement of total number of non-vested award Shares granted to a selected participant shall not exceed 0.3% of
       the total number of the issued Shares from time to time.


(5)    The vesting period of the awards granted under the 2015 Share Award Scheme is determined from time to time by the Board, the
       award shares (or part thereof) is to vest in the relevant Selected Participants as set out in the relevant award letter, except under
       certain circumstances and conditions.


(6)    The acceptance amount of the award shares is determined by the Board from time to time. The purchase price of the award
       shares (if any) shall be such price which shall be determined by the Board from time to time based on considerations such as the
       prevailing closing price of the Shares, the purpose of the award and the characteristics and profile of the selected participant. Such
       room for discretion provides the Board with flexibility to stipulate, if necessary, a purchase price for award shares, while balancing
       the purpose of the award and the interests of Shareholders. There is no amount payable on application or acceptance of the 2015
       Share Award Scheme.


(7)    The 2015 Share Award Scheme should be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing from the adoption date (i.e. 24
       March 2025). The 2015 Share Award Scheme has been terminated by the Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on
       16 March 2023.


2023 Share Award Scheme
A new share award scheme has been adopted by the Company on 16 March 2023 (the “2023 Share Award Scheme”). For details of the
2023 Share Award Scheme, please refer to the circular of the Company dated 27 February 2023. Unless otherwise defined, the capitalized
terms used herein shall have the same meanings as set out in the circular of the Company dated 27 February 2023.


A summary of the 2023 Share Award Scheme is as follows:


(1)    The purposes of the 2023 Share Award Scheme are (i) to align the interests of the eligible persons with those of the Group
       through ownership of Shares, dividends and other distributions paid on Shares and/or the increase in value of the Shares; and (ii) to
       encourage and retain eligible persons to make contributions to the long-term growth and profits of the Group.


(2)    The participants of the 2023 Share Award Scheme are any individual, being any person belonging to the following classes of
       participants: (a) any employee participant; (b) any related entity participant; and (c) any service provider whom the Board or its
       delegate(s) considers, in its sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to the Group.


(3)    As at 18 April 2024, the total number of Shares available for issue under the 2023 Share Award Scheme and the 2023 Share
       Option Scheme of the Company is 729,543,312 Shares, representing approximately 8.92% of the total issued Shares.


(4)    The maximum entitlement of each participant under the 2023 Share Award Scheme is 1% of the issued Shares of the Company,
       unless such grant has been duly approved by resolution of the shareholders of the Company in general meeting. As for any grant
       of award Shares to a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company or any of their respective associates (as
       defined under the Listing Rules):


       (i)    Where any grant of award Shares to any Director (other than an independent non-executive Director) or chief executive
              of the Company, or any of their respective associates (as defined under the Listing Rules), would result in the number of
              Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all award Shares granted (excluding any award Shares lapsed) under all share
              schemes of the Company to the relevant grantee in the 12-month period (or such other time period as may be specified
              by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from time to time) up to and including the date of such grant exceeding 0.1% (or
              such other percentage which may be specified by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from time to time) of the total number
              of Shares in issue as at the date of such grant, such grant of award Shares shall be subject to prior approval by the
              Shareholders (voting by way of poll) in general meeting.




                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          81
Directors’ Report




       (ii)    Where any grant of award Shares to an independent non-executive Director or substantial shareholder of the Company,
               or any of their respective associates (as defined under the Listing Rules), would result in the number of Shares issued and
               to be issued in respect of all award Shares and options granted (excluding any award Shares and options lapsed) under
               all share schemes of the Company to the relevant grantee in the 12-month period (or such other time period as may be
               specified by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from time to time) up to and including the date of such grant exceeding
               0.1% (or such other percentage which may be specified by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from time to time) of the total
               number of Shares in issue as at the date of such grant, such grant of award Shares shall be subject to prior approval by the
               Shareholders (voting by way of poll) in general meeting.


(5)    The vesting period of the awards granted under the 2023 Share Award Scheme must not be less than 12 months from the date of
       grant, except under certain circumstances and conditions regarding employee participants.


(6)    The purchase price of the award Shares (if any) shall be determined by the Board, the committee of the Board, or person(s) to
       which the Board has delegated its authority from time to time based on considerations such as the prevailing closing price of the
       Shares, the purpose of the award and the characteristics and profile of the selected participants. Such room for discretion provides
       the Board with flexibility to stipulate, if necessary, a purchase price for award Shares, while balancing the purpose of the award
       and the interests of Shareholders. The purchase price of the 2023 award Shares granted is nil and there is no amount payable on
       application or acceptance of such award.


(7)    Subject to earlier termination by the Board, the 2023 Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for 10 years from the date
       of adoption (i.e. 16 March 2023). As at April 2024, the remaining life of the 2023 Share Award Scheme is approximately 8 years
       and 11 months.


On 30 March 2023 (the “First Grant Date”), the Board resolved to award an aggregate of 25,937,000 award Shares (the “2023 First
Award Shares”) to 113 selected participants under the 2023 Share Award Scheme. Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and
conditions of the 2023 Share Award Scheme, the 2023 First Award Shares shall be transferred from the trustee, Computershare Hong Kong
Trustees Limited (the “Trustee”), to the selected participants upon expiry of the respective vesting period. As at the end of the Reporting
Period, the 2023 First Award Shares have been fully issued to the Trustee. The closing price of the Shares, immediately before the First
Grant Date was HKD6.11. The aggregate fair value of the 2023 First Award Shares as at the First Grant Date amounted to approximately
HKD123,913,630.


On 31 August 2023 (the “Second Grant Date”), the Board resolved to award an aggregate of 1,800,000 award Shares (the “2023
Second Award Shares”) to 17 selected participants under the 2023 Share Award Scheme. Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting
criteria and conditions of the 2023 Share Award Scheme, the 2023 Second Award Shares shall be transferred from the Trustee to the
selected participants upon expiry of the respective vesting period. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the 2023 Second Award Shares
have been fully issued to the Trustee. The closing price of the Shares, immediately before the Second Grant Date was HKD5.04. The
aggregate fair value of the 2023 Second Award Shares as at the Second Grant Date amounted to approximately HKD7,416,850.


The fair value of equity-settled award Shares granted was estimated on the basis of the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on 30 March 2023 and on 31 August 2023, being the First Grant Date and the Second Grant
Date defined under the International Financial Reporting Standards 2 Share-based Payment requirement, which must be a business day
and if subject to Shareholders’ approval, is the date when approval is obtained. No adjustment is required for expected dividends since the
employees are entitled to receive dividends paid during the vesting period.


As at 31 December 2023, the Company has granted accumulated 112,538,200 award Shares under the 2015 Share Award Scheme and the
2023 Share Award Scheme, of which 48,871,950 award Shares were unvested except for the vested, expired, lapsed or cancelled award
Shares.


Further details of the 2015 Share Award Scheme and the 2023 Share Award Scheme are set out in note 58 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 82   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




Details of the movement of the award Shares under the 2015 Share Award Scheme and the 2023 Share Award Scheme during the
Reporting Period were as follows:


                            Number of the award Shares                                                                 Changes during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                   Lapsed/
                                                                                                         Unvested     Granted        Vested       cancelled      Unvested
                                                                                            Number          as at    during the    during the    during the        as at
                                                                                           of granted    1 January   Reporting     Reporting      Reporting    31 December
 Name of Director     Date of grant                Vesting period                            Shares         2023       Period       Period(15)    Period(12)       2023
 Guo Guangchang     24 March 2022     24 March 2022 to 23 March 2023(8)(b)                     738,000     738,000            –       738,000              –             –
 Wang Qunbin        24 March 2022     24 March 2022 to 23 March 2023(8)(b)                     704,000     704,000            –       704,000              –             –
 Chen Qiyu          26 March 2015     26 March 2015 to 24 March 2018        (1)
                                                                                               250,000           –            –             –              –             –
                    1 April 2016      1 April 2016 to 30 March 2019(2)                         330,000           –            –             –              –             –
                    4 May 2017        4 May 2017 to 2 May 2020(3)                              375,000           –            –             –              –             –
                    28 March 2018     28 March 2018 to 27 March 2021(4)                        555,000           –            –             –              –             –
                    27 March 2019     27 March 2019 to 26 March 2022(5)(a)                     535,000           –            –             –              –             –
                    1 April 2020      1 April 2020 to 31 March 2023   (6)(a)
                                                                                             1,660,000     564,400            –       564,400              –             –
                    31 March 2021     31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024(7)(a)                   1,920,000   1,286,400            –       633,600              –      652,800
                                      24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025(8)(a)                   2,460,000   2,460,000            –       811,800              –     1,648,200
                    24 March 2022
                                      24 March 2022 to 23 March 2023(8)(b)                     646,000     646,000            –       646,000              –             –
                                      31 August 2022 to 30 August 2025            (9)(a)
                                                                                                50,000      50,000            –        16,500              –       33,500
                    31 August 2022
                                      31 August 2022 to 30 August 2023(9)(b)                   502,400     502,400            –       502,400              –             –
                    30 March 2023     30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026(10)(a)                  2,803,000           –    2,803,000             –              –     2,803,000
                    31 August 2023    31 August 2023 to 30 August 2026(11)                      60,000           –       60,000             –              –       60,000
 Xu Xiaoliang       26 March 2015     26 March 2015 to 24 March 2018(1)                        190,000           –            –             –              –             –
                    1 April 2016      1 April 2016 to 30 March 2019   (2)
                                                                                               330,000           –            –             –              –             –
                    4 May 2017        4 May 2017 to 2 May 2020(3)                              375,000           –            –             –              –             –
                    28 March 2018     28 March 2018 to 27 March 2021(4)                        555,000           –            –             –              –             –
                    27 March 2019     27 March 2019 to 26 March 2022(5)(a)                     535,000           –            –             –              –             –
                    1 April 2020      1 April 2020 to 31 March 2023   (6)(a)
                                                                                             1,660,000     564,400            –       564,400              –             –
                    31 March 2021     31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024(7)(a)                   1,920,000   1,286,400            –       633,600              –      652,800
                                      24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025(8)(a)                   2,460,000   2,460,000            –       811,800              –     1,648,200
                    24 March 2022
                                      24 March 2022 to 23 March 2023        (8)(b)
                                                                                               244,000     244,000            –       244,000              –             –
                                      31 August 2022 to 30 August 2025(9)(a)                    50,000      50,000            –        16,500              –       33,500
                    31 August 2022
                                      31 August 2022 to 30 August 2023(9)(b)                   220,200     220,200            –       220,200              –             –
                    30 March 2023     30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026(10)(a)                  2,803,000           –    2,803,000             –              –     2,803,000
                    31 August 2023    31 August 2023 to 30 August 2026(11)                      60,000           –       60,000             –              –       60,000




                                                                                                                                    FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                      83
Directors’ Report




                                 Number of the award Shares                                                                 Changes during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                        Lapsed/
                                                                                                              Unvested     Granted        Vested       cancelled      Unvested
                                                                                                 Number          as at    during the    during the    during the        as at
                                                                                                of granted    1 January   Reporting     Reporting      Reporting    31 December
 Name of Director          Date of grant                Vesting period                            Shares         2023       Period       Period(15)    Period(12)       2023
 Qin Xuetang   (13)
                         26 March 2015     26 March 2015 to 24 March 2018(1)                        290,000           –            –             –              –             –
                         1 April 2016      1 April 2016 to 30 March 2019(2)                         350,000           –            –             –              –             –
                         4 May 2017        4 May 2017 to 2 May 2020   (3)
                                                                                                    325,000           –            –             –              –             –
                         28 March 2018     28 March 2018 to 27 March 2021(4)                        340,000           –            –             –              –             –
                         27 March 2019     27 March 2019 to 26 March 2022(5)(a)                     310,000           –            –             –              –             –
                         1 April 2020      1 April 2020 to 31 March 2023    (6)(a)
                                                                                                    295,000     100,300            –       100,300              –             –
                         31 March 2021     31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024(7)(a)                     720,000     482,400            –       237,600              –      244,800
                                           24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025(8)(a)                   1,360,000   1,360,000            –       448,800              –      911,200
                         24 March 2022
                                           24 March 2022 to 23 March 2023(8)(b)                      88,000      88,000            –        88,000              –             –
                         31 August 2022    31 August 2022 to 30 August 2023            (9)(b)
                                                                                                     74,800      74,800            –        74,800              –             –
                         30 March 2023     30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026(10)(a)                  1,653,000           –    1,653,000             –              –     1,653,000
 Gong Ping               26 March 2015     26 March 2015 to 24 March 2018(1)                         60,000           –            –             –              –             –
                         1 April 2016      1 April 2016 to 30 March 2019(2)                         110,000           –            –             –              –             –
                         4 May 2017        4 May 2017 to 2 May 2020(3)                              190,000           –            –             –              –             –
                         28 March 2018     28 March 2018 to 27 March 2021        (4)
                                                                                                    240,000           –            –             –              –             –
                         27 March 2019     27 March 2019 to 26 March 2022(5)(a)                     235,000           –            –             –              –             –
                         1 April 2020      1 April 2020 to 31 March 2023    (6)(a)
                                                                                                    275,000      93,500            –        93,500              –             –
                         31 March 2021     31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024(7)(a)                     470,000     314,900            –       155,100              –      159,800
                                           24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025(8)(a)                     960,000     960,000            –       316,800              –      643,200
                         24 March 2022
                                           24 March 2022 to 23 March 2023        (8)(b)
                                                                                                     88,000      88,000            –        88,000              –             –
                                           31 August 2022 to 30 August 2025(9)(a)                   160,000     160,000            –        52,800              –      107,200
                         31 August 2022
                                           31 August 2022 to 30 August 2023(9)(b)                   461,800     461,800            –       461,800              –             –
                         30 March 2023     30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026(10)(a)                  1,001,000           –    1,001,000             –              –     1,001,000
                         31 August 2023    31 August 2023 to 30 August 2026(11)                     200,000           –      200,000             –              –      200,000
 Huang Zhen              24 March 2022     24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025(8)(a)                     800,000     800,000            –       264,000              –      536,000
                         31 August 2022    31 August 2022 to 30 August 2023(9)(b)                   165,200     165,200            –       165,200              –             –
                         30 March 2023     30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026        (10)(a)
                                                                                                    682,000           –      682,000             –              –      682,000




       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
84     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report




                              Number of the award Shares                                                           Changes during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                               Lapsed/
                                                                                                     Unvested     Granted        Vested       cancelled      Unvested
                                                                                       Number of        as at    during the    during the    during the        as at
                                                                                        granted      1 January   Reporting     Reporting      Reporting    31 December
Name of Director        Date of grant                Vesting period                     Shares          2023       Period       Period(15)    Period(12)       2023
Pan Donghui            26 March 2015    26 March 2015 to 24 March 2018(1)                 190,000            –            –             –              –             –
                       1 April 2016     1 April 2016 to 30 March 2019(2)                  240,000            –            –             –              –             –
                       4 May 2017       4 May 2017 to 2 May 2020   (3)
                                                                                          190,000            –            –             –              –             –
                       28 March 2018    28 March 2018 to 27 March 2021(4)                 240,000            –            –             –              –             –
                       27 March 2019    27 March 2019 to 26 March 2022(5)(a)              235,000            –            –             –              –             –
                       1 April 2020     1 April 2020 to 31 March 2023    (6)(a)
                                                                                          275,000       93,500            –        93,500              –             –
                       31 March 2021    31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024(7)(a)              590,000      395,300            –       194,700              –      200,600
                                        24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025(8)(a)             1,160,000   1,160,000            –       382,800              –      777,200
                       24 March 2022
                                        24 March 2022 to 23 March 2023(8)(b)              378,000      378,000            –       378,000              –             –
                                        31 August 2022 to 30 August 2025(9)(a)             60,000       60,000            –        19,800              –       40,200
                       31 August 2022
                                        31 August 2022 to 30 August 2023(9)(b)             77,100       77,100            –        77,100              –             –
                       30 March 2023    30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026(10)(a)            1,324,000           –    1,324,000             –              –     1,324,000
                       31 August 2023 31 August 2023 to 30 August 2026(11)                 80,000            –       80,000             –              –       80,000
Zhuang Yuemin   (14)
                       31 March 2021    31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024(7)(a)               25,000       16,750            –             –         16,750             –
                       24 March 2022    24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025        (8)(a)
                                                                                           25,000       25,000            –             –         25,000             –
Yu Qingfei             31 March 2021    31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024(7)(a)               25,000       16,750            –         8,250              –        8,500
                       24 March 2022    24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025(8)(a)               25,000       25,000            –         8,250              –       16,750
Zhang Shengman         26 March 2015    26 March 2015 to 24 March 2018        (1)
                                                                                           10,000            –            –             –              –             –
                       1 April 2016     1 April 2016 to 30 March 2019(2)                   35,000            –            –             –              –             –
                       4 May 2017       4 May 2017 to 2 May 2020   (3)
                                                                                           35,000            –            –             –              –             –
                       28 March 2018    28 March 2018 to 27 March 2021(4)                  25,000            –            –             –              –             –
                       27 March 2019    27 March 2019 to 26 March 2022(5)(a)               25,000            –            –             –              –             –
                       1 April 2020     1 April 2020 to 31 March 2023    (6)(a)
                                                                                           25,000        8,500            –         8,500              –             –
                       31 March 2021    31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024(7)(a)               25,000       16,750            –         8,250              –        8,500
                       24 March 2022    24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025(8)(a)               25,000       25,000            –         8,250              –       16,750
                       30 March 2023    30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026(10)(a)              25,000            –       25,000             –              –       25,000




                                                                                                                                FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                  85
Directors’ Report




                                  Number of the award Shares                                                             Changes during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                     Lapsed/
                                                                                                           Unvested     Granted        Vested       cancelled      Unvested
                                                                                              Number of       as at    during the    during the    during the        as at
                                                                                               granted     1 January   Reporting     Reporting      Reporting    31 December
 Name of Director           Date of grant                 Vesting period                       Shares         2023       Period       Period(15)    Period(12)       2023
 Zhang Huaqiao             26 March 2015    26 March 2015 to 24 March 2018(1)                     10,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           1 April 2016     1 April 2016 to 30 March 2019(2)                      35,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           4 May 2017       4 May 2017 to 2 May 2020    (3)
                                                                                                  35,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           28 March 2018    28 March 2018 to 27 March 2021(4)                     25,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           27 March 2019    27 March 2019 to 26 March 2022(5)(a)                  25,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           1 April 2020     1 April 2020 to 31 March 2023     (6)(a)
                                                                                                  25,000       8,500            –         8,500              –            –
                           31 March 2021    31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024(7)(a)                  25,000      16,750            –         8,250              –        8,500
                           24 March 2022    24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025(8)(a)                  25,000      25,000            –         8,250              –       16,750
                           30 March 2023    30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026(10)(a)                 25,000           –       25,000             –              –       25,000
 David T. Zhang            26 March 2015    26 March 2015 to 24 March 2018(1)                     10,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           1 April 2016     1 April 2016 to 30 March 2019     (2)
                                                                                                  35,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           4 May 2017       4 May 2017 to 2 May 2020(3)                           35,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           28 March 2018    28 March 2018 to 27 March 2021          (4)
                                                                                                  25,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           27 March 2019    27 March 2019 to 26 March 2022(5)(a)                  25,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           1 April 2020     1 April 2020 to 31 March 2023     (6)(a)
                                                                                                  25,000       8,500            –         8,500              –            –
                           31 March 2021    31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024(7)(a)                  25,000      16,750            –         8,250              –        8,500
                           24 March 2022    24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025(8)(a)                  25,000      25,000            –         8,250              –       16,750
                           30 March 2023    30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026          (10)(a)
                                                                                                  25,000           –       25,000             –              –       25,000
 Lee Kai-Fu                4 May 2017       4 May 2017 to 2 May 2020(3)                           35,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           28 March 2018    28 March 2018 to 27 March 2021          (4)
                                                                                                  25,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           27 March 2019    27 March 2019 to 26 March 2022(5)(a)                  25,000           –            –             –              –            –
                           1 April 2020     1 April 2020 to 31 March 2023(6)(a)                   25,000       8,500            –         8,500              –            –
                           31 March 2021    31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024          (7)(a)
                                                                                                  25,000      16,750            –         8,250              –        8,500
                           24 March 2022    24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025(8)(a)                  25,000      25,000            –         8,250              –       16,750
                           30 March 2023    30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026(10)(a)                 25,000           –       25,000             –              –       25,000




        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
86      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report




                                      Number of the award Shares                                                                   Changes during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                               Lapsed/
                                                                                                                    Unvested      Granted        Vested       cancelled    Unvested
                                                                                                      Number of        as at     during the    during the    during the     as at 31
                                                                                                       granted      1 January    Reporting     Reporting      Reporting    December
Name of Director                 Date of grant                 Vesting period                          Shares          2023        Period       Period(15)    Period(12)     2023
Tsang King Suen Katherine       31 March 2021    31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024(7)(a)                     25,000       16,750             –         8,250              –        8,500
                                24 March 2022    24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025(8)(a)                     25,000       25,000             –         8,250              –      16,750
                                30 March 2023    30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026(10)(a)                    25,000             –       25,000             –              –      25,000


Sub-total                                                                                              42,983,500   19,415,250   10,791,000    10,932,800         41,750   19,231,700
Other grantees:
– Other employee participants   26 March 2015    26 March 2015 to 24 March 2018(1)                      3,610,000            –            –             –              –            –
                                1 April 2016     1 April 2016 to 30 March 2019   (2)
                                                                                                        3,945,000            –            –             –              –            –
                                4 May 2017       4 May 2017 to 2 May 2020(3)                            3,680,000            –            –             –              –            –
                                28 March 2018    28 March 2018 to 27 March 2021        (4)
                                                                                                        3,872,000            –            –             –              –            –
                                27 March 2019    27 March 2019 to 26 March 2022(5)(a)                   4,333,000            –            –             –              –            –
                                28 August 2019 28 August 2019 to 27 August 2022              (5)(b)
                                                                                                         420,000             –            –             –              –            –
                                1 April 2020     1 April 2020 to 31 March 2023(6)(a)                    4,236,000    1,224,680            –     1,187,960         36,720            –
                                28 August 2020 28 August 2020 to 27 August 2023(6)(b)                     70,000       10,200             –        10,200              –            –
                                31 March 2021    31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024        (7)(a)
                                                                                                        6,995,000    4,495,700            –     2,179,650        151,950    2,164,100
                                25 August 2021 25 August 2021 to 24 August 2024(7)(b)                    265,000       56,950             –        28,050              –      28,900
                                                 24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025        (8)(a)
                                                                                                       16,320,000   16,220,000            –     5,268,450        643,600   10,307,950
                                24 March 2022
                                                 24 March 2022 to 23 March 2023(8)(b)                   2,398,000    2,398,000            –     2,398,000              –            –
                                                 31 August 2022 to 30 August 2025            (9)(a)
                                                                                                        1,010,000     990,000             –       326,700              –     663,300
                                31 August 2022
                                                 31 August 2022 to 30 August 2023(9)(b)                 1,454,700    1,454,700            –     1,454,700              –            –
                                                 30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026(10)(a)                 14,934,000            –   14,934,000             –        470,000   14,464,000
                                30 March 2023
                                                 30 March 2023 to 29 March 2024(10)(b)                   612,000             –      612,000             –              –     612,000
                                31 August 2023 31 August 2023 to 30 August 2026(11)                     1,400,000            –    1,400,000             –              –    1,400,000
– Related entity participants                                                                                   –            –            –             –              –            –
– Service providers                                                                                             –            –            –             –              –            –


Total                                                                                                 112,538,200   46,265,480   27,737,000    23,786,510      1,344,020   48,871,950




                                                                                                                                                FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                 87
Directors’ Report




Notes:

(1)       Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on 26 March
          2015 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:

                        Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                     Vesting Date                              Vesting Period
                                                               33%                  25 March 2016                    26 March 2015 to 24 March 2016
                                                               33%                  25 March 2017                    26 March 2015 to 24 March 2017
                                                               34%                  25 March 2018                    26 March 2015 to 24 March 2018

(2)       Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on 1 April
          2016 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:

                        Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                     Vesting Date                              Vesting Period
                                                               33%                  31 March 2017                      1 April 2016 to 30 March 2017
                                                               33%                  31 March 2018                      1 April 2016 to 30 March 2018
                                                               34%                  31 March 2019                      1 April 2016 to 30 March 2019

(3)       Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on 4 May
          2017 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:

                        Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                     Vesting Date                              Vesting Period
                                                               33%                   3 May 2018                          4 May 2017 to 2 May 2018
                                                               33%                   3 May 2019                          4 May 2017 to 2 May 2019
                                                               34%                   3 May 2020                          4 May 2017 to 2 May 2020

(4)       Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on 28 March
          2018 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:

                        Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                     Vesting Date                              Vesting Period
                                                               33%                  28 March 2019                    28 March 2018 to 27 March 2019
                                                               33%                  28 March 2020                    28 March 2018 to 27 March 2020
                                                               34%                  28 March 2021                    28 March 2018 to 27 March 2021

(5)       (a)     Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on
                  27 March 2019 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:

                            Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                   Vesting Date                            Vesting Period
                                                                    33%               27 March 2020                  27 March 2019 to 26 March 2020
                                                                    33%               27 March 2021                  27 March 2019 to 26 March 2021
                                                                    34%               27 March 2022                  27 March 2019 to 26 March 2022

          (b)     Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on
                  28 August 2019 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:

                            Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                   Vesting Date                            Vesting Period
                                                                    33%              28 August 2020                  28 August 2019 to 27 August 2020
                                                                    33%              28 August 2021                  28 August 2019 to 27 August 2021
                                                                    34%              28 August 2022                  28 August 2019 to 27 August 2022




         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 88      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                             Directors’ Report




(6)   (a)   Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on
            1 April 2020 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:


                     Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                    Vesting Date                           Vesting Period
                                                             33%                1 April 2021                    1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021
                                                             33%                1 April 2022                    1 April 2020 to 31 March 2022
                                                             34%                1 April 2023                    1 April 2020 to 31 March 2023

      (b)   Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on
            28 August 2020 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:


                     Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                    Vesting Date                           Vesting Period
                                                             33%               28 August 2021                 28 August 2020 to 27 August 2021
                                                             33%               28 August 2022                 28 August 2020 to 27 August 2022
                                                             34%               28 August 2023                 28 August 2020 to 27 August 2023

(7)   (a)   Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on
            31 March 2021 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:


                     Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                    Vesting Date                           Vesting Period
                                                             33%               31 March 2022                   31 March 2021 to 30 March 2022
                                                             33%               31 March 2023                   31 March 2021 to 30 March 2023
                                                             34%               31 March 2024                   31 March 2021 to 30 March 2024

      (b)   Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on
            25 August 2021 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:


                     Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                    Vesting Date                           Vesting Period
                                                             33%               25 August 2022                 25 August 2021 to 24 August 2022
                                                             33%               25 August 2023                 25 August 2021 to 24 August 2023
                                                             34%               25 August 2024                 25 August 2021 to 24 August 2024

(8)   (a)   Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on
            24 March 2022 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:


                     Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                    Vesting Date                           Vesting Period
                                                             33%               24 March 2023                   24 March 2022 to 23 March 2023
                                                             33%               24 March 2024                   24 March 2022 to 23 March 2024
                                                             34%               24 March 2025                   24 March 2022 to 23 March 2025

      (b)   Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on
            24 March 2022 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting period:


                     Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                    Vesting Date                           Vesting Period
                                                            100%               24 March 2023                   24 March 2022 to 23 March 2023

(9)   (a)   Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on
            31 August 2022 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:


                     Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                    Vesting Date                           Vesting Period
                                                             33%               31 August 2023                 31 August 2022 to 30 August 2023
                                                             33%               31 August 2024                 31 August 2022 to 30 August 2024
                                                             34%               31 August 2025                 31 August 2022 to 30 August 2025

      (b)   Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2015 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on
            31 August 2022 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting period:


                     Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                    Vesting Date                           Vesting Period
                                                            100%               31 August 2023                 31 August 2022 to 30 August 2023




                                                                                                                 FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                89
Directors’ Report




(10)    (a)     Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2023 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on
                30 March 2023 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:


                           Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                     Vesting Date                             Vesting Period
                                                                   33%                30 March 2024                    30 March 2023 to 29 March 2024
                                                                   33%                30 March 2025                    30 March 2023 to 29 March 2025
                                                                   34%                30 March 2026                    30 March 2023 to 29 March 2026

        (b)     Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2023 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on
                30 March 2023 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting period:


                           Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                     Vesting Date                             Vesting Period
                                                                  100%                30 March 2024                    30 March 2023 to 29 March 2024

(11)    Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions of the 2023 Share Award Scheme, the award Shares which were granted on 31
        August 2023 shall be transferred from the Trustee to the selected participants upon expiry of the following vesting periods:


                      Percentage of Award Shares to be Vested                      Vesting Date                               Vesting Period
                                                               33%               31 August 2024                     31 August 2023 to 30 August 2024
                                                               33%               31 August 2025                     31 August 2023 to 30 August 2025
                                                               34%               31 August 2026                     31 August 2023 to 30 August 2026

(12)    During the Reporting Period, 1,344,020 award Shares were lapsed and expired and the Group did not cancel any award Shares.

(13)    Mr. Qin Xuetang has resigned as an executive Director with effect from 17 February 2023.

(14)    Mr. Zhuang Yuemin has resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from 2 February 2023.

(15)    The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which awards were vested during the Reporting Period was
        HKD5.97.

(16)    Save as disclosed above, there is no any other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rules 17.07 and 17.09 of the Listing Rules.


Except for independent non-executive Directors who are not subject to the performance assessment system of the Company, each of the
selected participants have satisfied their respective performance targets (the “Performance Targets”) for the previous financial year before
the grant date. In general, the performance assessment of the selected participants is classified into three broad categories: (i) individual
performance, (ii) group performance, and (iii) performance of business segments, business lines and/or functional departments managed by
the selected participants.


1)      The Performance Targets applicable to the seven existing Directors, including Mr. Guo Guangchang, Mr. Wang Qunbin, Mr. Chen
        Qiyu, Mr. Xu Xiaoliang, Mr. Gong Ping, Mr. Huang Zhen and Mr. Pan Donghui and one former Director, being Mr. Qin Xuetang,
        include: revenue, profit, cash flow, improvement of ESG performance and organization evolution of the Group.


2)      For other employee participants, given that the industry nature, business development stage and strategic goal of the business
        segments, business lines and/or functional departments managed by the selected participants are different, the Performance
        Targets applicable to other employee participants are individualized with different assessment criteria and weighting based on their
        different roles and functions.


        a.      Individual performance: The assessment criteria are based on, among others, their management ability and efficiency and
                their contribution to enhancing the performance of the respective business segments or business lines such as ability to
                introduce key talents, risk control and quality operation system, digitalization and entrepreneurship;


        b.      Group performance: The assessment criteria are based on, among others, revenue, profit, cash flow, improvement of ESG
                performance and organization evolution of the Group; and


        c.      Performance of business segments, business lines and/or functional departments managed by the selected participants:
                The assessment criteria are based on a wide range of factors which are important to the long-term development of such
                business segments, business lines and/or functional departments depending on their respective industry nature, business
                development stage and strategic goals, such as segment financial performance, industry ranking, customer satisfaction, risk
                control, digital transformation, production safety, expense management and human resource planning.
       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 90    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                      Directors’ Report




SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
2007 Share Option Scheme of the Company
The Company adopted its share option scheme on 19 June 2007 and it was expired on 18 June 2017 (the “2007 Share Option Scheme”).
Hence, no further options will be available for grant under the 2007 Share Option Scheme. All outstanding options granted under the
2007 Share Option Scheme will continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance with the provisions of the 2007 Share Option Scheme.
The major terms of the 2007 Share Option Scheme are as follows:


(1)    The purpose of the 2007 Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive and/or reward to eligible persons for their contribution to,
       and continuing efforts to promote the interests of the Group.


(2)    The participants of the 2007 Share Option Scheme are any Director (including independent non-executive Director), employee
       (whether full-time or part-time), consultant or advisor who in the sole discretion of the Board has contributed or will contribute to
       the Group.


(3)    As at 18 April 2024, the number of Shares available for issue under the 2007 Share Option Scheme of the Company is 0.


(4)    The maximum entitlement of each participant under the 2007 Share Option Scheme is 1% of the issued Shares of the Company
       unless such grant has been duly approved by resolution of the shareholders of the Company in general meeting.


(5)    The exercise period of any option granted under the 2007 Share Option Scheme must not be more than 10 years commencing on
       the date of grant.


(6)    The vesting period of any option granted under the 2007 Share Option Scheme must not be more than 10 years commencing on
       the date of grant. Except for the vesting period, there is no minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be
       exercised.


(7)    The amount payable on application or acceptance for the option or the period within which payments or calls must or may be
       made or loans for such purposes must be repaid is determined by the Board from time to time.


(8)    The exercise price determined by the Board shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong
       Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which must be a business day; (ii) the average of the closing
       prices of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet for the five business days immediately
       preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of a Share.


(9)    Prior to the expiry of the 2007 Share Option Scheme, the 2007 Share Option Scheme should be valid and effective for a period to
       be determined and notified by the Board to the grantee during which the option may be exercised and in any event shall not be
       more than 10 years commencing on the date on which the offer in relation to such option is deemed to have been accepted in
       accordance with the terms of the 2007 Share Option Scheme and expiring on the last day of the ten-year-period.




                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                         91
Directors’ Report




2017 Share Option Scheme of the Company
The Company adopted a share option scheme on 6 June 2017 and it was terminated on 16 March 2023 (the “2017 Share Option
Scheme”). Hence, no further options will be available for grant under the 2017 Share Option Scheme. All outstanding options granted
under the 2017 Share Option Scheme will continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance with the provisions of the 2017 Share Option
Scheme. The major terms of the 2017 Share Option Scheme are as follows:


(1)     The purpose of the 2017 Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive and/or reward to eligible persons for their contribution to,
        and continuing efforts to promote the interests of the Group.


(2)     The participants of the 2017 Share Option Scheme are any Director (including Independent Non-Executive Director), employee
        (whether full-time or part-time), consultant or advisor of the Group who in the sole discretion of the Board has contributed or will
        contribute to the Group.


(3)     As at 18 April 2024, the number of Shares available for issue under the 2017 Share Option Scheme of the Company is 0.


(4)     The overall limit on the number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be
        exercised under the 2017 Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company must not exceed 30% (or other percentage
        as stipulated in the Listing Rules) of the Shares in issue from time to time. Subject to the aforesaid limit, the total number of
        Shares available for issue under options which may be granted under the 2017 Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of
        the Company must not, in aggregate, exceed 857,897,014 Shares, being 10% of the issued Shares in issue as at the date of the
        shareholders’ approval of the 2017 Share Option Scheme, unless separate shareholders’ approval has been obtained.


(5)     The maximum entitlement of each participant under the 2017 Share Option Scheme is 1% of the issued Shares of the Company
        unless such grant has been duly approved by resolution of the shareholders of the Company in general meeting.


(6)     The exercise period of any option granted under the 2017 Share Option Scheme must not be more than 10 years commencing on
        the date of grant.


(7)     The vesting period of any option granted under the 2017 Share Option Scheme must not be more than 10 years commencing on
        the date of grant. Except for the vesting period, there is no minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be
        exercised.


(8)     The amount payable on application or acceptance for the option or the period within which payments or calls must or may be
        made or loans for such purposes must be repaid is determined by the Board from time to time.


(9)     The exercise price determined by the Board shall be at least the higher of (i) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the
        Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which must be a business day; and (ii) the average of
        the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet for the five business days
        immediately preceding the date of grant.


(10)    Prior to the termination of the 2017 Share Option Scheme on 16 March 2023, the 2017 Share Option Scheme should be valid and
        effective for a period to be determined and notified by the Board to the grantee during which the option may be exercised and
        in any event shall not be more than 10 years commencing on the date on which the offer in relation to such option is deemed to
        have been accepted in accordance with the terms of the 2017 Share Option Scheme and expiring on the last day of the ten-year
        period.




       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 92    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report




2023 Share Option Scheme of the Company
The Company adopted a new share option scheme on 16 March 2023 (the “2023 Share Option Scheme”). For details of the 2023 Share
Option Scheme, please refer to the circular of the Company dated 27 February 2023. A summary of the 2023 Share Option Scheme is as
follows:


(1)    The purpose of the 2023 Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives and/or rewards to eligible persons for their contribution to,
       and continuing efforts to promote the interests of the Group.


(2)    The participants of the 2023 Share Option Scheme include (a) employee participants, (b) related entity participants, and (c) service
       providers. The eligibility of each of the eligible persons shall be determined by the Board or a committee of the Board from time to
       time and on a case-by-case basis.


(3)    As at 18 April 2024, the number of Shares available for issue under the 2023 Share Award Scheme and the 2023 Share Option
       Scheme of the Company is 729,543,312 Shares, representing approximately 8.92% of the total issued Shares.


(4)    The maximum entitlement of each participant under the 2023 Share Option Scheme is 1% of the issued Shares of the Company,
       unless such grant has been duly approved by resolution of the shareholders of the Company in a general meeting. Where any
       grant of options to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive Director of the Company, or any of their respective
       associates (as defined under the Listing Rules), would result in the number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all
       options and award Shares granted (excluding any options or award Shares lapsed) under all share schemes of the Company to the
       relevant grantee in the 12-month period (or such other time period as may be specified by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from
       time to time) up to and including the date of such grant exceeding 0.1% (or such other percentage which may be specified by the
       Hong Kong Stock Exchange from time to time) of the total number of Shares in issue at the relevant time of grant, such grant of
       options shall be subject to prior approval by the Shareholders (voting by way of poll) in general meeting.


(5)    The period within which the options may be exercised by the grantees under the 2023 Share Option Scheme shall be the period
       determined and notified by the Board to the grantees, and must not be more than 10 years from the date of grant.


(6)    The vesting period of the options granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme must not be less than 12 months from the date of
       grant, except under certain circumstances and conditions regarding employee participants. Any shorter vesting period in respect of
       options granted to employee participants must be approved by the Board and/or the remuneration committee of the Company (for
       options granted to the Directors or senior managers) at the Directors’ discretion, provided that such grantee(s) has been specifically
       identified by the Board before granting such approval. Please refer to the circular of the Company dated 27 February 2023 for
       specific circumstances giving rise to a shorter vesting period.


(7)    The exercise price of options granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme is determined by the Board and shall be at least the
       higher of (i) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of
       grant, which must be a business day; and (ii) the average of the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock
       Exchange’s daily quotations sheet for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant.


(8)    There is no amount payable on application or acceptance of the options nor the period within which payments or calls must or may
       be made or loans for such purposes must be repaid.


(9)    Subject to earlier termination by the Board, the 2023 Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for 10 years from the date
       of adoption (i.e. 16 March 2023). As at April 2024, the remaining life of the 2023 Share Option Scheme is approximately 8 years
       and 11 months.




                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          93
Directors’ Report




The Board announced that on 30 March 2023, subject to the acceptance of relevant grantees, the Company has decided to grant
71,070,000 share options to subscribe for an aggregate of 71,070,000 Shares under the 2023 Share Option Scheme (the “2023 First
Share Option”). The closing price of the Shares, immediately before the First Grant Date was HKD6.11 per Share. The aggregate fair value
of such 71,070,000 share options at the First Grant Date amounted to approximately HKD98,234,510.


The Board announced that on 31 August 2023, subject to the acceptance of relevant grantees, the Company has decided to grant 190,000
share options to subscribe for an aggregate of 190,000 Shares under the 2023 Share Option Scheme (the “2023 Second Share Option”).
The closing price of the Shares, immediately before the Second Grant Date was HKD5.04 per Share. The aggregate fair value of such
190,000 share options at the Second Grant Date amounted to approximately HKD265,958.


The fair value of equity-settled share options granted was estimated as at the date of grant using a binomial model, taking into account
the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted to reflect the International Financial Reporting Standards 2 Share-based
Payment requirement that assumptions about forfeiture before the end of the vesting period cannot impact the fair value of each option.
The significant assumptions and inputs used in the estimation of the fair value are as follows: share price at date of grant, exercise price,
risk-free interest rate, volatility, expected life of options and dividend. The expected life of the options may not be necessarily indicative of
the exercise pattern that may occur. The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility of comparable companies is
indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily be the actual outcome. As elaborated above, the fair value of options is subject
to a number of assumptions and limitations that may be subjective and uncertain.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has granted accumulated 497,881,000 options to subscribe for an aggregate of
497,881,000 Shares under the 2007 Share Option Scheme, the 2017 Share Option Scheme and the 2023 Share Option Scheme, of which
302,716,350 effective options were outstanding except for the exercised, expired, lapsed or cancelled options.




       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
 94    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ Report




The following table discloses movements in the Company’s outstanding options under the 2007 Share Option Scheme, the 2017 Share
Option Scheme and the 2023 Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period.


                                                                                        Number of the options
                                                                                        Expired/lapsed/
                                                       Granted         Exercised           cancelled        Outstanding
                                     Outstanding as   during the       during the         during the            as at                                                   Exercise price of
 Name of            Date of grant     at 1 January    Reporting        Reporting          Reporting         31 December       Vesting period          Exercise period   the options per
 Grantee            of the options        2023          Period           Period             Period9             2023          of the options          of the options      Share (HKD)
 Chen Qiyu       8 January 2016           7,500,000                –                –        2,500,000         5,000,000   8 January 2016 to       8 January 2021 to               11.53
                                                                                                                             7 January 20231         7 January 20261
                 4 May 2017               1,350,000                –                –          225,000         1,125,000   4 May 2017 to           4 May 2022 to                   11.75
                                                                                                                             3 May 20241             3 May 20271
                 1 April 2020             1,500,000                –                –                –         1,500,000   1 April 2020 to         1 April 2023 to                  8.79
                                                                                                                             31 March 20256          31 March 20306
                 31 March 2021            1,500,000                –                –                –         1,500,000   31 March 2021 to        31 March 2024 to                10.91
                                                                                                                             30 March 20266          30 March 20316
                 24 March 2022            2,000,000                –                –                –         2,000,000   24 March 2022 to        24 March 2025 to                 8.71
                                                                                                                             23 March 20276          23 March 20326
                 30 March 2023                    –      4,000,000                  –                –         4,000,000   30 March 2023 to        30 March 2026 to                 6.16
                                                                                                                             29 March 20287          29 March 20337
 Xu Xiaoliang    8 January 2016           7,500,000                –                –        2,500,000         5,000,000   8 January 2016 to       8 January 2021 to               11.53
                                                                                                                             7 January 20231         7 January 20261
                 4 May 2017               1,350,000                –                –          225,000         1,125,000   4 May 2017 to           4 May 2022 to                   11.75
                                                                                                                             3 May 20241             3 May 20271
                 1 April 2020             1,500,000                –                –                –         1,500,000   1 April 2020 to         1 April 2023 to                  8.79
                                                                                                                             31 March 20256          31 March 20306
                 31 March 2021            1,500,000                –                –                –         1,500,000   31 March 2021 to        31 March 2024 to                10.91
                                                                                                                             30 March 20266          30 March 20316
                 24 March 2022            2,000,000                –                –                –         2,000,000   24 March 2022 to        24 March 2025 to                 8.71
                                                                                                                             23 March 20276          23 March 20326
                 30 March 2023                    –      4,000,000                  –                –         4,000,000   30 March 2023 to        30 March 2026 to                 6.16
                                                                                                                             29 March 20287          29 March 20337
 Qin Xuetang10   8 January 2016           7,500,000                –                –        2,500,000         5,000,000   8 January 2016 to       8 January 2021 to               11.53
                                                                                                                             7 January 20231         7 January 20261
                 31 March 2021            1,000,000                –                –                –         1,000,000   31 March 2021 to        31 March 2024 to                10.91
                                                                                                                             30 March 20266          30 March 20316
                 24 March 2022            1,200,000                –                –                –         1,200,000   24 March 2022 to        24 March 2025 to                 8.71
                                                                                                                             23 March 20276          23 March 20326
                 30 March 2023                    –      2,400,000                  –                –         2,400,000   30 March 2023 to        30 March 2026 to                 6.16
                                                                                                                             29 March 20287          29 March 20337




                                                                                                                                               FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                     95
Directors’ Report




                                                                                       Number of the options
                                                                                       Expired/lapsed/
                                                      Granted         Exercised           cancelled        Outstanding
                                    Outstanding as   during the       during the         during the            as at                                               Exercise price of
 Name of           Date of grant     at 1 January    Reporting        Reporting          Reporting         31 December       Vesting period      Exercise period   the options per
 Grantee           of the options        2023          Period           Period             Period9             2023          of the options      of the options      Share (HKD)
 Gong Ping      8 January 2016           3,000,000                –                –        1,000,000         2,000,000   8 January 2016 to   8 January 2021 to               11.53
                                                                                                                            7 January 20231     7 January 20261
                4 May 2017               4,410,000                –                –          735,000         3,675,000   4 May 2017 to       4 May 2022 to                   11.75
                                                                                                                            3 May 20241         3 May 20271
                31 March 2021            1,000,000                –                –                –         1,000,000   31 March 2021 to    31 March 2024 to                10.91
                                                                                                                            30 March 20266      30 March 20316
                24 March 2022            1,200,000                –                –                –         1,200,000   24 March 2022 to    24 March 2025 to                 8.71
                                                                                                                            23 March 20276      23 March 20326
                30 March 2023                    –      2,400,000                  –                –         2,400,000   30 March 2023 to    30 March 2026 to                 6.16
                                                                                                                            29 March 20287      29 March 20337
 Huang Zhen     24 March 2022              600,000                –                –                –           600,000   24 March 2022 to    24 March 2025 to                 8.71
                                                                                                                            23 March 20276      23 March 20326
                30 March 2023                    –      1,200,000                  –                –         1,200,000   30 March 2023 to    30 March 2026 to                 6.16
                                                                                                                            29 March 20287      29 March 20337
 Pan Donghui    8 January 2016           5,250,000                –                –        1,750,000         3,500,000   8 January 2016 to   8 January 2021 to               11.53
                                                                                                                            7 January 20231     7 January 20261
                4 May 2017               1,710,000                –                –          285,000         1,425,000   4 May 2017 to       4 May 2022 to                   11.75
                                                                                                                            3 May 20241         3 May 20271
                31 March 2021            1,000,000                –                –                –         1,000,000   31 March 2021 to    31 March 2024 to                10.91
                                                                                                                            30 March 20266      30 March 20316
                24 March 2022            1,200,000                –                –                –         1,200,000   24 March 2022 to    24 March 2025 to                 8.71
                                                                                                                            23 March 20276      23 March 20326
                30 March 2023                    –      2,400,000                  –                –         2,400,000   30 March 2023 to    30 March 2026 to                 6.16
                                                                                                                            29 March 20287      29 March 20337




        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
96      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report




                                                                                          Number of the options
                                                                                          Expired/lapsed/
                                                         Granted         Exercised           cancelled        Outstanding
                                       Outstanding as   during the       during the         during the            as at                                                   Exercise price of
Name of               Date of grant     at 1 January    Reporting        Reporting          Reporting         31 December       Vesting period          Exercise period   the options per
Grantee               of the options        2023          Period           Period             Period9             2023          of the options          of the options      Share (HKD)
Other grantees
– Other employee   8 January 2016          25,450,000                –                –        8,250,000        17,200,000   8 January 2016 to       8 January 2021 to               11.53
  participants                                                                                                                 7 January 20231         7 January 20261
                   4 May 2017              25,160,000                –                –        4,710,000        20,450,000   4 May 2017 to           4 May 2022 to                   11.75
                                                                                                                               3 May 20241             3 May 20271
                   28 March 2018           11,690,600                –                –        1,043,000        10,647,600   28 March 2018 to        28 March 2019 to                17.58
                                                                                                                               27 March 20252,3        27 March 20282,3
                   27 March 2019           54,081,250                –                –        3,830,000        50,251,250   27 March 2019 to        27 March 2020 to                12.86
                                                                                                                               26 March 20262,4        26 March 20292,4
                   28 August 2019             450,000                –                –          100,000           350,000   28 August 2019 to       28 August 2020 to                9.95
                                                                                                                               27 August 20235         27 August 20295
                   1 April 2020            12,820,000                –                –        2,067,500        10,752,500   1 April 2020 to         1 April 2021 to                  8.79
                                                                                                                               31 March 20254,6        31 March 20304,6
                   28 August 2020              90,000                –                –                –            90,000   28 August 2020 to       28 August 2021 to                8.86
                                                                                                                               27 August 20244         27 August 20304
                   31 March 2021           29,595,000                –                –        3,687,500        25,907,500   31 March 2021 to        31 March 2022 to                10.91
                                                                                                                               30 March 20264,6        30 March 20314,6
                   25 August 2021             712,500                –                –          412,500           300,000   25 August 2021 to       25 August 2022 to                9.90
                                                                                                                               24 August 20254         24 August 20314
                   24 March 2022           48,607,500                –                –        4,470,000        44,137,500   24 March 2022 to        24 March 2023 to                 8.71
                                                                                                                               23 March 20274,6        23 March 20324,6
                   31 August 2022              90,000                –                –                –            90,000   31 August 2022 to       31 August 2023 to                5.95
                                                                                                                               30 August 20264         30 August 20324
                   30 March 2023                    –     54,670,000                  –        3,170,000        51,500,000   30 March 2023 to        30 March 2024 to                 6.16
                                                                                                                               29 March 20287,8        29 March 20337,8
                   31 August 2023                   –        190,000                  –                –           190,000   31 August 2023 to       31 August 2024 to                4.93
                                                                                                                               30 August 20278         30 August 20338




                                                                                                                                                 FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                       97
Directors’ Report




                                                                                              Number of the options
                                                                                              Expired/lapsed/
                                                             Granted         Exercised           cancelled        Outstanding
                                           Outstanding as   during the       during the         during the            as at                                                   Exercise price of
 Name of                  Date of grant     at 1 January    Reporting        Reporting          Reporting         31 December          Vesting period       Exercise period   the options per
 Grantee                  of the options        2023          Period           Period             Period9             2023             of the options       of the options      Share (HKD)
 – Related entity      8 January 2016                   –                –                –                –                    –   8 January 2016 to    8 January 2021 to               11.53
   participants                                                                                                                       7 January 20231      7 January 20261
                       4 May 2017                       –                –                –                –                    –   4 May 2017 to        4 May 2022 to                   11.75
                                                                                                                                      3 May 20241          3 May 20271
                       28 March 2018                    –                –                –                –                    –   28 March 2018 to     28 March 2019 to                17.58
                                                                                                                                      27 March 20252,3     27 March 20282,3
                       27 March 2019            9,000,000                –                –                –         9,000,000      27 March 2019 to     27 March 2024 to                12.86
                                                                                                                                      26 March 20262       26 March 20292
                       28 August 2019                   –                –                –                –                    –   28 August 2019 to    28 August 2020 to                9.95
                                                                                                                                      27 August 20235      27 August 20295
                       1 April 2020                     –                –                –                –                    –   1 April 2020 to      1 April 2021 to                  8.79
                                                                                                                                      31 March 20254,6     31 March 20304,6
                       28 August 2020                   –                –                –                –                    –   28 August 2020 to    28 August 2021 to                8.86
                                                                                                                                      27 August 20244      27 August 20304
                       31 March 2021              200,000                –                –                –           200,000      31 March 2021 to     31 March 2024 to                10.91
                                                                                                                                      30 March 20266       30 March 20316
                       25 August 2021                   –                –                –                –                    –   25 August 2021 to    25 August 2022 to                9.90
                                                                                                                                      24 August 20254      24 August 20314
                       24 March 2022              200,000                –                –                –           200,000      24 March 2022 to     24 March 2025 to                 8.71
                                                                                                                                      23 March 20276       23 March 20326
                       31 August 2022                   –                –                –                –                    –   31 August 2022 to    31 August 2023 to                5.95
                                                                                                                                      30 August 20264      30 August 20324
                       30 March 2023                    –                –                –                –                    –   30 March 2023 to     30 March 2024 to                 6.16
                                                                                                                                      29 March 20287,8     29 March 20337,8
                       31 August 2023                   –                –                –                –                    –   31 August 2023 to    31 August 2024 to                4.93
                                                                                                                                      30 August 20278      30 August 20338

 – Service providers                                    –                –                –                –                    –


 Total                                        274,916,850     71,260,000                  –       43,460,500       302,716,350




         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
98       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                           Directors’ Report




Notes:

1.       Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions set out in the respective grant letters, the options under the 2007 Share Option
         Scheme are vested and become exercisable by each grantee in three tranches as set out below:

         (a)      up to the first 20% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the tenth
                  year period commencing from the date of the grant of options (the “2007 Option Period”);

         (b)      up to a further 30% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the sixth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2007
                  Option Period; and

         (c)      in respect of the remaining 50% of the options, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those options which have not been exercised
                  (and not lapsed) since the fifth anniversary of the date of grant, at any time from the date falling on the seventh anniversary of the date of
                  grant till the end of the 2007 Option Period.

2.       Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions set out in the respective grant letters, the options, being granted to the global core
         management staff under the 2017 Share Option Scheme are vested and become exercisable in three tranches as set out below:

         (a)      up to the first 20% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 10th year
                  period commencing from the date of grant of the options (the “2017 Option Period”);

         (b)      up to a further 30% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the sixth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                  Option Period; and

         (c)      in respect of the remaining 50% of the options, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those options which have not been exercised
                  (and not lapsed) since the fifth anniversary of the date of grant, at any time from the date falling on the seventh anniversary of the date of
                  grant till the end of the 2017 Option Period.

3.       Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions set out in the respective grant letters, the options, being granted to the employees of
         the Group under the 2017 Share Option Scheme are vested and become exercisable in five tranches as set out below:

         (a)      up to the first 20% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                  Option Period;

         (b)      up to a further 20% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                  Option Period;

         (c)      up to a further 20% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                  Option Period;

         (d)      up to a further 20% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                  Option Period; and

         (e)      in respect of the remaining 20% of the options, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those options which have not been exercised
                  (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of grant
                  till the end of the 2017 Option Period.

4.       Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions set out in the respective grant letters, the options, being granted to the employees of
         the Group under the 2017 Share Option Scheme are vested and become exercisable in four tranches as set out below:

         (a)      up to the first 25% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                  Option Period;

         (b)      up to a further 25% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                  Option Period;

         (c)      up to a further 25% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                  Option Period; and

         (d)      in respect of the remaining 25% of the options, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those options which have not been exercised
                  (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of
                  grant till the end of the 2017 Option Period.




                                                                                                                              FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                               99
Directors’ Report




5.     Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions set out in the respective grant letters, the options, being granted to the newly-joined
       management staff and the intelligent technology professionals of the Group under the 2017 Share Option Scheme are vested and become exercisable
       in either one of the exercising schedules as set out below:

       Type I exercising schedule

       (a)      up to the first 25% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                Option Period;

       (b)      up to a further 25% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                Option Period;

       (c)      up to a further 25% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                Option Period; and

       (d)      in respect of the remaining 25% of the options, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options which have not been exercised
                (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of
                grant till the end of the 2017 Option Period.

       Type II exercising schedule

       (a)      up to the first 50% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                Option Period;

       (b)      up to a further 25% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                Option Period; and

       (c)      in respect of the remaining 25% of the options, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those options which have not been exercised
                (and not lapsed) since the second anniversary of the date of grant, at any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of
                grant till the end of the 2017 Option Period.

6.     Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions set out in the respective grant letters, the options, being granted to the global core
       management staff under the 2017 Share Option Scheme are vested and become exercisable in three tranches as set out below:

       (a)      up to the first 20% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                Option Period;

       (b)      up to a further 30% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2017
                Option Period; and

       (c)      in respect of the remaining 50% of the options, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those options which have not been exercised
                (and not lapsed) since the third anniversary of the date of grant, at any time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of
                grant till the end of the 2017 Option Period.

7.     Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions set out in the respective grant letters, the options, being granted to the global core
       management staff under the 2023 Share Option Scheme are vested and become exercisable in three tranches as set out below:

       (a)      up to the first 20% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the tenth
                year period commencing from the date of grant of the options (the “2023 Option Period”);

       (b)      up to a further 30% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2023
                Option Period; and

       (c)      in respect of the remaining 50% of the options, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those options which have not been exercised
                (and not lapsed) since the third anniversary of the date of grant, at any time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of
                grant till the end of the 2023 Option Period.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
100   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                        Directors’ Report




8.     Subject to the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions set out in the respective grant letters, the options, being granted to the employees of
       the Group under the 2023 Share Option Scheme are vested and become exercisable in four tranches as set out below:

       (a)      up to the first 25% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2023
                Option Period;

       (b)      up to a further 25% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2023
                Option Period;

       (c)      up to a further 25% of the options, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the 2023
                Option Period; and

       (d)      in respect of the remaining 25% of the options, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options which have not been exercised
                (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of
                grant till the end of the 2023 Option Period.

9.     During the Reporting Period, 43,460,500 share options were lapsed and expired and the Group did not cancel any shares.

10.    Mr. Qin Xuetang has resigned as an executive Director with effect from 17 February 2023.

11.    There were no options exercised during the Reporting Period. Therefore the disclosure on the weighted average closing price of the Shares
       immediately before the dates on which options were exercised during the Reporting Period is not applicable.

12.    Save as disclosed above, there is no any other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rules 17.07 and 17.09 of the Listing Rules.


Each of the grantees is required to meet their Performance Targets during the vesting period. In general, the Performance Targets of the
grantees are classified into three broad categories: (i) individual performance, (ii) group performance, and (iii) performance of business
segments, business lines and/or functional departments managed by the grantees.


1)     The Performance Targets applicable to the seven existing Directors, including Mr. Guo Guangchang, Mr. Wang Qunbin, Mr. Chen
       Qiyu, Mr. Xu Xiaoliang, Mr. Gong Ping, Mr. Huang Zhen and Mr. Pan Donghui and one former director, being Mr. Qin Xuetang,
       include: revenue, profit, cash flow, improvement of ESG performance and organization evolution of the Group.


2)     Unless the Performance Targets are met, the options granted to the grantees will lapse.


3)     For other participants, given that the industry nature, business development stage and strategic goal of the business segments,
       business lines and/or functional departments managed by the other participants are different, the Performance Targets applicable
       to other participants are individualized with different assessment criteria and weighting based on their different roles and functions.


       a.       Individual performance: The assessment criteria are based on, among others, their management ability and efficiency and
                their contribution to enhancing the performance of the respective business segments or business lines such as ability to
                introduce key talents, risk control and quality operation system, digitalization and entrepreneurship;


       b.       Group performance: The assessment criteria are based on, among others, revenue, profit, cash flow, improvement of ESG
                performance and organization evolution of the Group; and


       c.       Performance of business segments, business lines and/or functional departments managed by the Option Grantees: The
                assessment criteria are based on a wide range of factors which are important to the long-term development of such
                business segments, business lines and/or functional departments depending on their respective industry nature, business
                development stage and strategic goals, such as segment financial performance, industry ranking, customer satisfaction, risk
                control, digital transformation, production safety, expense management and human resource planning.




                                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                           101
Directors’ Report




Share Award and Share Option Schemes of the Company
The number of awards and options available for grant under the scheme mandate of all share schemes of the Company at (i) the beginning
of the Reporting Period was 672,650,164 and (ii) the end of the Reporting Period was 726,664,012. The number of awards and options
available for grant under the service provider sublimit of all share schemes of the Company at (i) the beginning of the Reporting Period was
41,101,050 and (ii) the end of the Reporting Period was 41,101,050.


The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of awards and options granted under all share schemes of the Company during
the Reporting Period (i.e. 27,737,000 Shares) divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue for the Reporting Period (i.e.
8,174,151,086) were approximately 0.34%.


RESERVES AND DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in
Equity of this annual report and details of movements in the reserves of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in note 69 to
financial statements.


On 31 December 2023, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the provisions of sections 291,
297 and 299 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622), amounted to RMB3,016,312,000 of which RMB282,480,664 has been
proposed as a final dividend for 2023.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s five largest suppliers contributed less than 30% of the total purchases and the Group’s five
largest customers contributed less than 30% of the total sales.


During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of
the Directors own more than 5% of the Company’s issued shares) had any beneficial interests in the Group’s five largest customers or
suppliers.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
102   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                             Directors’ Report




DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting Period were:


Executive Directors
Mr. Guo Guangchang (Chairman)
Mr. Wang Qunbin (Co-Chairman)
Mr. Chen Qiyu (Co-Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Xu Xiaoliang (Co-Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Qin Xuetang (resigned on 17 February 2023)
Mr. Gong Ping
Mr. Huang Zhen
Mr. Pan Donghui (appointed on 29 March 2023)


Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Zhuang Yuemin (resigned on 2 February 2023)
Mr. Yu Qingfei
Mr. Li Shupei
Mr. Li Fuhua (appointed on 2 February 2023)


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Zhang Shengman
Mr. Zhang Huaqiao
Mr. David T. Zhang
Dr. Lee Kai-Fu
Ms. Tsang King Suen Katherine




                                                  FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                103
Directors’ Report




DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES
As at 31 December 2023, the names of all the directors who serve the board of subsidiaries of the Company or act as the sole director of
subsidiaries of the Company are published on the Company’s website.


DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES
Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of
Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
All Directors have entered into service contracts with the Company. The service contract of Mr. Yu Qingfei, Mr. Li Shupei and Mr. Li Fuhua
are effective respectively from 10 December 2023, 4 November 2023 and 2 February 2024 for a term of 1 year. The service contracts of
other Directors are effective from 28 March 2024 for a term of 3 years. None of the Directors (including the Director proposed for re-
election in the AGM) has entered into any service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year
without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT REMUNERATION
Remuneration Policy
The Remuneration Committee of the Company considers and recommends to the Board the remuneration and other benefits paid by
the Company to the Directors and senior management. The remuneration of all Directors and senior management is subject to regular
monitoring by the Remuneration Committee and approval by the Shareholders to ensure that the levels of their remuneration and
compensation are appropriate. Such remuneration is determined with reference to expertise and industry experience of the Directors and
senior management, performance and profitability of the Group, market conditions, remuneration standards of the industry as well as the
business development of the Company.


The objective of remunerating Non-Executive Directors is to ensure that there is an appropriate level of remuneration to attract and retain
experienced and high calibre talents to oversee the business development of the Company while avoiding to pay more than necessary for
this purpose.


In addition, the Board members may be granted a certain number of share options and award shares under the share option schemes and
share award schemes of the Company, respectively from time to time. Such securities may be granted upon the recommendation of the
Remuneration Committee and will be subject to approval by the Board and the Shareholders (if required).


The remuneration of the Board members is thus composed of a fixed salary, performance bonus and certain securities of the Company,
which makes Board compensation simple, transparent and easy for Shareholders to understand.


Details of the Directors remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in note 11 to financial statements.


The remuneration of senior management of the Company by band (including share-based payment) for the Reporting Period is set out
below:


                                                                                                      Number of senior management
 RMB3,500,000 – RMB4,000,000                                                                                           1


                                                                                                                       1




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
104   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report




CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
Pursuant to Rule 13.51B of the Listing Rules, the changes in the information of the Directors subsequent to interim report 2023 and up to
the end of the Reporting Period are set out below:


(1) Changes in the Major Positions Held Within the Group
          Name of Director        Company Name            Date of change            Original position               Current position
             Huang Zhen             Lanvin Group          December 2023                      –                          Chairman


(2) Changes in Other Directorships Held in Public Companies the Securities of
    Which are Listed on Any Securities Market in Hong Kong or Overseas and
    Other Major Appointments
       Save for those disclosed in this report, there were no other relevant changes during the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS
AND CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
None of the Directors or an entity connected with the Directors (as defined under section 486 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance)
had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement and contract of significance in relation to the Group
subsisting during or as at the end of the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
As at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors nor their respective associates had an interest in a business which competes or is likely to
compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group pursuant to the Listing Rules.


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND
DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2023, the interests or short positions of the Directors or chief executives of the Company in the Shares, underlying
shares or debentures of the Company or any associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register
required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant
to the Model Code were as follows:




                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          105
Directors’ Report




(1) Long Positions in the Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company
             Name of Director/                                Number of Shares                  Type of        Approximate percentage
              chief executive            Class of Shares   and/or underlying shares            interests          of Shares in issue
              Guo Guangchang                Ordinary            6,022,557,196(1)               Corporate              73.42%
                                            Ordinary                738,000                    Individual              0.01%
               Wang Qunbin                  Ordinary                704,000                    Individual             0.01%
                 Chen Qiyu                  Ordinary              31,144,400                   Individual             0.38%
               Xu Xiaoliang                 Ordinary              27,540,000                   Individual             0.34%
                 Gong Ping                  Ordinary              14,925,800                   Individual              0.18%
                Huang Zhen                  Ordinary               3,447,200                   Individual              0.04%
               Pan Donghui                  Ordinary              14,403,484                   Individual              0.18%
                Yu Qingfei                  Ordinary                 50,000                    Individual              0.00%
             Zhang Shengman                 Ordinary                125,250                    Individual              0.00%
              Zhang Huaqiao                 Ordinary                530,000                    Individual              0.01%
              David T. Zhang                Ordinary                230,000                    Individual              0.00%
                 Lee Kai-Fu                 Ordinary                185,000                    Individual              0.00%
         Tsang King Suen Katherine          Ordinary                 75,000                    Individual              0.00%


(2) Long Positions in the Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company’s
    Associated Corporations (Within the Meaning of Part XV of The SFO)
                                                                                                                       Approximate
              Name of                                                        Number of shares                         percentage in
           Director/chief           Name of associated                       and/or underlying           Type of     relevant class of
             executive                 corporation         Class of shares        shares                interests         shares
          Guo Guangchang              Fosun Holdings          Ordinary                1(2)             Corporate         100.00%
                                    Fosun International       Ordinary              29,000             Individual         85.29%
                                         Holdings
                                       Fosun Pharma          A shares(3)         114,075               Individual         0.01%
                                                             A shares(3)       886,315,955(2)          Corporate         41.80%
                                                              H shares         77,533,500(2)           Corporate         14.05%
                                         Sisram               Ordinary         334,504,800(2)          Corporate         71.42%
                                          FTG                 Ordinary         987,339,132(2)          Corporate         79.45%
                                     Shanghai Henlius      Domestic shares     291,365,387(2)          Corporate         80.00%
                                                              H shares         35,523,439(2)           Corporate         21.74%
            Wang Qunbin             Fosun International       Ordinary             5,000               Individual        14.71%
                                         Holdings
                                      Fosun Pharma           A shares(3)            114,075             Individual        0.01%
             Chen Qiyu                Fosun Pharma           A shares(3)            114,075             Individual        0.01%
                                           FTG                Ordinary              501,478             Individual        0.04%
            Xu Xiaoliang                   FTG                Ordinary             2,052,328            Individual        0.17%
                                         Yuyuan              A shares(3)            612,800             Individual        0.02%
             Gong Ping                     FTG                Ordinary              200,988             Individual        0.02%
                                         Yuyuan              A shares(3)            183,900             Individual        0.00%
             Huang Zhen               Fosun Pharma           A shares(3)             45,500             Individual        0.00%
                                           FTG                Ordinary              308,000             Individual        0.02%
                                         Yuyuan              A shares(3)           1,363,800            Individual        0.04%
            Pan Donghui                    FTG                Ordinary              490,000             Individual        0.04%




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
106   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report




(3) Interests in Debentures of the Company’s Associated Corporations (Within
    the Meaning of Part XV of The SFO)
                                    Name of associated               Nature of                                                    Amount of debenture
                  Name                 corporation                   interests             Details of debentures                    interested (USD)
               Wang Qunbin       Fortune Star (BVI) Limited          Individual     Principal amount of USD700,000,000                     93,420
                                                                                           due by 29 October 2025
                                 Fortune Star (BVI) Limited          Individual     Principal amount of USD500,000,000                     93,420
                                                                                             due by 18 May 2026
               Xu Xiaoliang      Fortune Star (BVI) Limited          Individual     Principal amount of USD700,000,000                     251,933
                                                                                           due by 29 October 2025
                                 Fortune Star (BVI) Limited          Individual     Principal amount of USD500,000,000                     251,933
                                                                                             due by 18 May 2026
                Gong Ping        Fortune Star (BVI) Limited          Individual     Principal amount of USD700,000,000                     73,865
                                                                                           due by 29 October 2025
                                 Fortune Star (BVI) Limited          Individual     Principal amount of USD500,000,000                     73,865
                                                                                             due by 18 May 2026
               Huang Zhen        Fortune Star (BVI) Limited          Individual     Principal amount of USD700,000,000                     38,925
                                                                                           due by 29 October 2025
                                 Fortune Star (BVI) Limited          Individual     Principal amount of USD500,000,000                     38,925
                                                                                             due by 18 May 2026

         Notes:

         (1)       Pursuant to Division 7 of Part XV of the SFO, 6,022,557,196 Shares held by Mr. Guo Guangchang are deemed corporate interests held
                   through Fosun Holdings and Fosun International Holdings.

         (2)       Pursuant to Division 7 of Part XV of the SFO, the shares held by Mr. Guo Guangchang are deemed corporate interests held through Fosun
                   International Holdings, Fosun Holdings, the Company and/or its subsidiaries.

         (3)       A shares mean the equity securities listed on the SSE.



INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL
SHAREHOLDERS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 December 2023, so far as was known to the Directors, the persons or entities, other than a Director or chief executive of the
Company, who had an interest or a short position in the Shares or the underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed
to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
by the Company under section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                  Number of Shares directly or            Approximate percentage of
                  Name of the substantial shareholder                                  indirectly held                         Shares in issue
                               Fosun Holdings                                             6,022,557,196(2)                             73.42%
                        Fosun International Holdings(1)                                  6,022,557,196(2)(3)                           73.42%

Notes:

(1)      Fosun International Holdings is owned as to 85.29% and 14.71% by Messrs. Guo Guangchang and Wang Qunbin, respectively.

(2)      Fosun International Holdings is the beneficial owner of all the issued shares in Fosun Holdings and, therefore, Fosun International Holdings is deemed,
         or taken to be interested in the Shares owned by Fosun Holdings for the purpose of the SFO.

(3)      Mr. Guo Guangchang, by virtue of his ownership of shares in Fosun International Holdings as to 85.29%, is deemed or taken to be interested in the
         Shares owned by Fosun Holdings for the purpose of the SFO.


Save as disclosed above, so far as was known to the Directors, as at 31 December 2023, the Company has not been notified by any
persons (other than a Director or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or a short position in the Shares or the underlying
shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                          107
Directors’ Report




CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE
No contracts of significance (including those for the provision of services to the Group) were entered into between the Company or any of
its subsidiaries and any controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the date of this annual
report, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company had not entered into any connected transaction or continuing connected transaction
which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements of Rule 14A.71 of the Listing Rules.


MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS
HELD
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company entered into the following material transactions:


1.     On 5 January 2023, the Company and Fosun Industrial Development (a subsidiary of the Company) entered into an equity transfer
       agreement with Beijing Camdragon Heavy Industry Group Co., Ltd.* (北京建龍重工集團有限公司) and Camdragon Investment
       Co., Ltd., pursuant to which Fosun Industrial Development has agreed to sell, and Beijing Camdragon Heavy Industry Group Co.,
       Ltd.* (北京建龍重工集團有限公司) has agreed to purchase, 25.7033% equity interest in Tianjin Jianlong Iron & Steel Industrial Co.,
       Ltd.* (天津建龍鋼鐵實業有限公司), 26.6667% equity interest in Jianlong Steel Holdings Co., Ltd.* (建龍鋼鐵控股有限公司) and
       26.6667% equity interest in Beijing Northern Jianlong Industrial Co., Ltd.* (北京北方建龍實業有限公司); the Company has agreed
       to sell, and Camdragon Investment Co., Ltd. has agreed to purchase 26.6667% equity interest in Janeboat Holdings Ltd.. The
       aggregate consideration was RMB6.7 billion. The payment arrangements and the equity transfers will be completed in two stages.
       On 28 March 2023, the parties entered into a supplemental agreement to supplement the detailed payment arrangement of the
       second stage payment. Upon completion of the transaction, Fosun Industrial Development will no longer hold any equity interests
       in each of Tianjin Jianlong Iron & Steel Industrial Co., Ltd.* (天津建龍鋼鐵實業有限公司), Jianlong Steel Holdings Co., Ltd.* (建龍鋼
       鐵控股有限公司) and Beijing Northern Jianlong Industrial Co., Ltd.* (北京北方建龍實業有限公司); and the Company will no longer
       hold any equity interest in Janeboat Holdings Ltd.. The transaction has not been completed as at the end of the Reporting Period.
       For details of the above discloseable transaction, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 5 January 2023, 28
       March 2023 and 12 May 2023.


2.     On 14 March 2023, Fosun High Technology, Fosun Industrial Investment and Fosun Industrial Development (subsidiaries of the
       Company, together, the “Nanjing Nangang Sellers”) and Shagang Group and Shagang Investment (together, the “Previous
       Purchasers”) entered into an equity transfer agreement (the “Previous ETA”), pursuant to which, the Nanjing Nangang Sellers
       agreed to conditionally dispose of, and the Previous Purchasers agreed to conditionally acquire 60% equity interest in Nanjing
       Nangang (the “Target Interest”) for a consideration of RMB13.58 billion (subject to adjustment) (the “Previous Disposal”). As
       at the signing date of the Previous ETA, Nanjing Iron & Steel Group Co., Ltd.* (南京鋼鐵集團有限公司, “Nanjing Iron & Steel
       Group”) was a shareholder of Nanjing Nangang holding its 40% equity interest. As a result of Nanjing Iron & Steel Group’s
       exercise of the right of first refusal on 2 April 2023, the Nanjing Nangang Sellers and Nanjing Iron & Steel Group on 2 April 2023
       entered into a new equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which, the Nanjing Nangang Sellers agreed to conditionally dispose of,
       and Nanjing Iron & Steel Group agreed to conditionally acquire the Target Interest (the “New Disposal”). The consideration of the
       New Disposal shall be the sum of RMB13.58 billion and the capital costs (the interests on the earnest money paid by the Nanjing
       Nangang Sellers to Shagang Group) (subject to adjustment). The transaction has been completed as at the end of the Reporting
       Period, and the Group no longer holds any equity interest in Nanjing Nangang. For details of the above major transaction, please
       refer to the announcements of the Company dated 19 October 2022, 14 March 2023, 2 April 2023 and 5 December 2023 and
       the circular dated 29 June 2023 of the Company. For the litigations relating to the above major transaction, please refer to the
       announcements of the Company dated 21 April 2023, 27 April 2023, 31 May 2023, 9 June 2023, 29 August 2023 and 13 October
       2023.


      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
108   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report




3.     On 14 March 2023, Fosun High Technology entered into a share acquisition agreement with Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd.* (南
       京鋼鐵股份有限公司, “Nanjing Iron & Steel”), pursuant to which Fosun High Technology agreed to acquire, and Nanjing Iron &
       Steel agreed to sell 174,305,939 shares of Wansheng (the “Acquisition Shares”, representing 29.5645% of the issued shares
       of Wansheng as at the date of the share acquisition agreement), and all underlying rights of such shares, at the acquisition
       consideration of RMB2.65 billion. On 22 October 2023, Fosun High Technology entered into a supplemental agreement with
       Nanjing Iron & Steel to supplement terms including in relation to the payment of the remaining acquisition consideration. The
       transaction has been completed as at the end of the Reporting Period. Fosun High Technology has become the sole owner of the
       Acquisition Shares with complete right to dispose of and receive benefits from the Acquisition Shares. For details of the above
       discloseable translation, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 14 March 2023 and 23 October 2023.


4.     On 19 May 2023, Alpha Yu B.V. (“Alpha Yu”) (an indirect subsidiary of the Company) and Lorie Holding B.V. (“Lorie Holding”)
       (a then minority shareholder of each of International Gemmological Institute B.V. (“IGI Belgium”), IGI Netherlands B.V. (“IGI
       Netherlands”) and International Gemmological Institute (India) Private Limited (“IGI India”), as the sellers, entered into a sale and
       purchase agreement with BCP Asia II Topco Pte. Ltd. (“BCP Asia II”), as the purchaser, pursuant to which Alpha Yu has agreed to
       sell, and BCP Asia II has agreed to purchase, 80% of the entire issued share capital in each of IGI Belgium, IGI Netherlands and IGI
       India, respectively; Lorie Holding has agreed to sell, and BCP Asia II has agreed to purchase, 20% of the entire issued share capital
       in each of IGI Belgium, IGI Netherlands and IGI India, respectively. The consideration payable to Alpha Yu (after deducting the
       stamp duty payable by Alpha Yu) was USD455.38 million (subject to the adjustment). Upon completion of the transaction, Alpha
       Yu will no longer hold any shares in IGI Belgium, IGI Netherlands and IGI India, and IGI Belgium, IGI Netherlands and IGI India will
       cease to be subsidiaries of the Company. The transaction has been completed as at the end of the Reporting Period. For details of
       the above discloseable transaction, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 21 May 2023.


5.     On 24 July 2023, Yuyuan (an indirect subsidiary of the Company) entered into a share transfer agreement with Jinan Tiesheng
       No.3 Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (濟南鐵晟叁號投資合夥企業(有限合夥), “Jinan Tiesheng”), pursuant to which
       Yuyuan has conditionally agreed to sell, and Jinan Tiesheng has conditionally agreed to purchase 25,363,000 shares of Jinhui Liquor
       Co., Ltd. * (金徽酒股份有限公司, “Jinhui Liquor”) for a consideration of RMB598,820,430 (subject to adjustment) (the “Disposal
       of Jinhui Liquor”). On 21 August 2023, both parties entered into a supplemental agreement to amend and/or supplement the
       terms under the share transfer agreement in relation to the repurchase, the rights maintenance fee and the adjustments to the
       consideration. Pursuant to the supplemental agreement, the maximum adjustment amount to the consideration to be paid by Jinan
       Tiesheng to Yuyuan (if any) shall not exceed RMB50,979,630. In addition, from 2 September 2022 to 14 November 2022, during
       12 months before the date of the Disposal of Jinhui Liquor, an aggregate of 65,943,800 shares of Jinhui Liquor were sold by
       Yuyuan and its subsidiary (the “Previous Disposal of Jinhui Liquor”). The aggregate consideration was RMB1,817,411,128. The
       Previous Disposal of Jinhui Liquor and the Disposal of Jinhui Liquor have been completed as at the end of the Reporting Period. The
       remaining equity interest in Jinhui Liquor indirectly held by the Company is recorded as “investments in associates”. For details of
       the above discloseable translation, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 24 July 2023, 21 August 2023 and 14
       September 2023.


6.     The Company has submitted an application to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Practice Note 15 of the Listing Rules,
       for the approval of the proposed spin-off of Luz Saúde (an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) involving (i) a
       private placement of its shares for subscription by way of issuance of new shares and (ii) a sale of existing shares held by Fidelidade;
       and the listing of the shares of Luz Saúde on Euronext Lisbon (the “Proposed Spin-off and Separate Listing”). On 29 September
       2023, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange has confirmed that the Company may proceed with the Proposed Spin-off and Separate
       Listing. The Proposed Spin-off and Separate Listing, if it materializes, will constitute a disposal by the Company under the Listing
       Rules. Following completion of the Proposed Spin-off and Separate Listing, it is expected that Luz Saúde will remain as a subsidiary
       of the Company. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Proposed Spin-off and Separate Listing has not been completed. For
       details of the possible discloseable transaction, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 21 November 2023.


Save for those disclosed in this report, there were no other significant investments held, nor were there material acquisitions or disposals
of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during the Reporting Period. Apart from those disclosed in this report, there was no plan
authorized by the Board for other material investments or additions of capital assets as at the end of the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                             FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                           109
Directors’ Report




NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING
As disclosed in the prospectus of the Company, the Independent Non-Executive Directors will review all the matters, if any, relating to the
enforcement of the deed of non-competition undertaking dated 26 June 2007 (the “Deed of Non-competition Undertaking”). During
the Reporting Period, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have reviewed matters relating to the enforcement of the Deed of Non-
competition Undertaking. Fosun International Holdings, Fosun Holdings, Mr. Guo Guangchang and Mr. Wang Qunbin (the “Undertaker”)
have provided the Company with an annual declaration of compliance with the provisions of the Deed of Non-competition Undertaking.

During the Reporting Period, the Undertaker provided the Company with all information necessary for the enforcement of the Company’s
rights under the Deed of Non-competition Undertaking, all information reasonably requested by the Company from time to time relating to
Excluded Businesses (as defined in the Deed of Non-competition Undertaking) and such other business opportunities or activities related to
any business of the Group as the Company reasonably believed were available to the Undertaker or that the Undertaker may be planning
to participate in, as well as access to appropriate staff members of the Undertaker to discuss and obtain such information, in order to
enable the Company to consider whether to exercise any of its rights under the Deed of Non-competition Undertaking.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Related party transactions entered by the Group during the Reporting Period are disclosed in note 61 to financial statements.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Details of significant events after the Reporting Period of the Group are set out in note 67 to financial statements.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY AND THE PERFORMANCE
“Self-improvement, Teamwork, Performance and Contribution to Society” constitutes the cultural values of the Group. The Group always
regards environmental protection, occupational health, work safety and quality management (“EHS&Q”) as the important parts of our
corporate social responsibility and has incorporated them in the Group’s strategy for sustainable development. We revised the Fosun Group
Environment, Health, Safety & Quality Policy (《復星集團安全質量環境政策》) in 2021 that specified the management requirements on water,
energy and climate change, biodiversity, etc., and required companies under the Group to implement the policy.

To ensure the implementation of the policy, the Group has established the EHS&Q Department to supervise the implementation of EHS&Q
by each member company and to inspect compliance operations of all member companies. The member companies responded positively,
getting involved and improving the EHS&Q governance structure. To urge the implementation of a regional responsibility system, the
Group issued the Regulations on the Line Management of Environment, Health, Safety & Quality (《上海復星高科技(集團)有限公司關於
安全健康環保條線管理的規定》) that clearly stated that the year-end performance appraisal of the heads of the business segments and
core member companies shall be linked to the environmental performance of the companies. In order to strictly implement the national
objectives of energy conservation and emission reduction, carbon reduction and environmental protection, the Group has established a
Carbon Neutralization Committee and EHS&Q Committee, which require member companies to strictly implement the requirements of laws
and regulations, integrate the concept of sustainable development into each level, take quantitative indicators as the assessment indicators
of management and employees, and further clarify the incentive and guarantee system.

The Group established and implemented the management framework for EHS&Q management system to systematize and standardize the
EHS&Q performance of member companies on a regular basis every year. Member companies are also encouraged to establish management
systems and obtain relevant certifications, such as Occupational Health and Safety Management System, Environmental Management
System, National Work Safety Standardization, etc..

Sticking to the principle of sustainable development, the Group supervises and guides its member companies to mitigate the impact of
production and business activities on the environment and mankind in the following aspects: reducing emissions of greenhouse gases,
solid waste, wastewater and atmospheric pollutants; effectively utilizing resource, and at the same time seeking opportunities to recycle
wastes; optimizing the energy structure and improving the utilization efficiency of energy and water; adapting to or mitigating the
impact of climate change on the Group’s business and the impact of the Group’s business on climate change; and responsibly protecting
natural resources and biodiversity. In 2021, the Group put forward the goal of carbon neutralization: “comprehensively implement the
carbon neutralization policy and strive to achieve carbon neutralization by 2050”. At the same time, the Group carried out research and
deployment on biodiversity and the use of water resources, strengthened the management and control of resource utilization and carbon
emission, proactively promoted green transformation and enabled the sustainable development of enterprises.



      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
110   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report




RELATIONSHIP WITH ITS EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS
AND INVESTORS
The Company actively manages its relationship with the general public in communities where it operates, employees, customers, suppliers,
investors and other stakeholders, since the actions of such persons are able to influence the performance and value of the Company.

The Group attaches great importance to corporate social responsibility and established Fosun Foundation in November 2012 to actively
participate in social welfare undertakings such as global emergency relief, rural revitalization, health, education, culture and art, and caring
for children and adolescents. Fosun firmly adheres to its globalization strategy and not only leverages its Global + Local resources, but
also tries to increase empathy and unites the world. Fosun wishes it could do its bit to make the world a community of common interests,
common responsibility and common destiny.

The Company adopts a variety of ways to communicate with its employees, such as Fosun Morning Assembly, Fosun Luncheon Session,
HR Hotline “A La Ding” (阿拉釘), employee satisfaction survey, and regular/irregular performance review and feedback from management
heads in different tiers. These communication channels allow the Company to understand its employees and at the same time to deliver
the Company’s strategies and culture to its employees, through which the latest information of the country, industries and enterprises is
also shared with our employees, thus a diverse platform for learning and development is provided. Our employees are also encouraged to
attend charitable activities for upholding Fosun’s value and brand. In addition, the Company has actively promoted member companies
to carry out occupational health and safety management in accordance with ISO45001 system standards to provide its employees with a
healthy and safe working environment.

The Company established the user operation Center and issued the Regulations on Global Customer Service and Product Quality Supervision
Management (《全球客戶服務與產品質量監督管理規定》) to further improve the Group’s user experience and product competitiveness. The
Company has established the ISO10002 Complaints Handling Management System and passed the certification, so as to further maintain
a stable customer relationship and improve service awareness and capacity. The Group strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations such
as the Product Quality Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國產品質量法》), the Food Safety Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國食品安全法》), EU
General Food Law and French Public Health Code, etc. and actively promotes the establishment and certification of quality management
system among member companies.

The basic principles of the Group for procurement practices are openness, fairness and impartiality. The supply chain digital platform
(www.onelinkplus.com) empowers the supply chain management of the Group and member companies more simple, smart and prominent.
We also establish a business ecosystem of mutual benefit and win-win cooperation with suppliers. The Group formulated and issued the
Fosun Group Supplier Code of Conduct Version 2.0 (《復星集團供應商行為準則V2.0》), based on V1.0, to further advocate and regulate the
business ethics of suppliers.


The Company actively manages the relationship with investors. Under the premise of compliance, the Investor Relations Department
actively conveys the Company’s information to the market to ensure high transparency and smooth communication. In addition to the
daily communication with the analysts and investors, we also hold results press conferences, roadshows and reverse roadshows, investors’
teleconferences, etc..


For more details of the Group’s environmental policy and the performance as well as the relationship with stakeholders, please refer to
our separate 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report published on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
Company or visit the Company’s ESG Page: https://en.fosun.com/esg/.




                                                                                                              FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                            111
Directors’ Report




EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
The Company has adopted share award schemes and share option schemes with further details set out in the section headed “Share Award
Schemes” and “Share Option Schemes” under the “Directors’ Report” in this annual report and note 58 to the consolidated financial
statements.


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
Though the Company is incorporated in Hong Kong, its business activities and investments cover various jurisdictions in addition to Hong
Kong including but not limited to Chinese Mainland, the America and Europe. During the Reporting Period, the Company had complied
with all material laws and regulations of jurisdictions aforesaid that have an impact on the Company.


DONATIONS
Details of donations of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in the 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the
Company.


MAJOR RISKS AND RESPONSIVE MEASURES
The Group adopts a prudent approach in the course of investment and operation, and minimizes risks for the Group and dynamically
manages the risk exposure through a scientific investment decision-making process, a stringent pre-investment assessment and post-
investment management system. In order to further strengthen risk management and control at the group level, the Group has
comprehensively improved the enterprise risk management system in the aspects of, among other things, governance structure, rules and
regulations, management tools and workflows to enhance the risk management standards. Nevertheless, the Group is still fully aware of
the risks and uncertainties faced in its operations, such as:


1.     Strategic Risk
       Strategic risk refers to the risk that corporate strategy is not compatible with market environment or corporate capabilities due to
       the ineffectiveness in the formulation and implementation of strategies or the changes of the business environment. As the Group’s
       investments cover a wide range of industries and are distributed worldwide, certain uncertainties exist in judging the development
       trends of industries, and deviation from expectations may also be encountered in the course of integrating global industrial
       resources and promoting synergy.


       The Group formulates long-term development strategies on the basis of thorough research on the development trends of domestic
       and overseas markets and national industrial policies to ensure the strategic objectives of the Company and its subsidiaries are
       coordinated with each other. By reviewing the development strategies of the Group periodically, the Group makes dynamic
       adjustments to the strategies in a timely manner according to changes in external conditions as well. The Group drives the
       implementation of the established strategies through the annual budgeting process and operation plannings. Accomplishments
       status of the plans are tracked by monthly meetings, operation analysis meetings and post-investment risk alert mechanism, and
       guidance is provided to all subsidiaries to facilitate strategic risk management and avoid negative impact arising from the lack of
       strategic synergies among subsidiaries of the Group.


2.     Market Risk
       Market risk refers to the risk of unexpected losses suffered by the Group arising from adverse movements in, among other things,
       interest rates, equity prices, real estate prices, commodity prices and exchange rates.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
112   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report




     The Group adheres to the core concept of “Profound Industry Operations + Industrial Investment” and has established different
     asset allocation principles for investments according to sources of capital and characteristics of different entities surrounding the
     Group’s key development directions of “Health, Happiness, Wealth and Intelligent Manufacturing”. Meanwhile, a multilayer market
     risk management system has been established to enhance the capabilities on market risk identification, assessment, measurement,
     analysis and response on an ongoing basis. The establishment and development of risk management goals, systems and frameworks
     of all independent legal entities, such as core financial enterprises and non-financial industry operating entities, are guided and
     supervised at the group level, asset allocation plans for the Group’s annual investments are prepared by incorporating the Group’s
     financing, rating constraints and overall risk tolerance capacity to coordinate the instant monitoring of foreign exchange risk and
     interest rate risk exposures at the group level and adjust hedging strategies dynamically. All subsidiaries will establish various types
     of investment risk limit systems by incorporating its own characteristics of assets and liabilities. Core financial enterprises perform
     scientific and effective warning, assessment and management on the market risk based on asset liability management strategies,
     investment risk reports will be issued on a regular basis by generally adopting, among other things, scenario analysis, value at risk
     computation and stress testing, while adopting various types of hedging measures to control interest rate risk and exchange rate
     risk effectively. Non-financial industry operating entities focus on synergies between industries to strike a balance on essential
     factors such as return, risk and long-term strategic objectives.


3.   Credit Risk
     Credit risk refers to the risk of unexpected losses stemming from counterparty’s failure to perform obligation, or adverse change of
     counterparty’s credit standing. The credit risk faced by the Group is mainly related to the deposits at the commercial banks, loans
     issuance, investment in bonds, and receivables for operating business, etc..


     The Group has established a multilayer credit risk management system. Guidelines for internal credit scoring, allocation
     recommendations and public opinion warning are prepared for fixed-income investments at the group level, and provisions for
     impairment are timely made with full amount for investments with impairment signs. Core financial enterprises have established a
     credit risk warning and management mechanism with credit rating as its core, and targeted management and control measures will
     be implemented respectively on their credit risk and counterparty concentration risk according to the characteristics of the different
     natures and risks of their own businesses. Through setting classification standards on credit ratings, industries and regions, credit
     risk exposures of the underlying assets are monitored on a regular basis so that their risk conditions are reflected timely to the
     relevant business departments and the management for taking risk responsive measures in a timely manner. Non-financial industry
     operating entities manage and control credit risk of receivables through measures, such as assessment of counterparties, regular
     aging analysis and timely recovery calls.


4.   Liquidity Risk
     Liquidity risk refers to the risk of being unable to pay the due obligations or perform other payment obligations due to the inability
     to get enough capital in time or at a reasonable cost.


     The Group adopts a stable and sound liquidity risk management and control strategy. In terms of funding and treasury policies,
     the Company’s Treasury Management Department closely monitors the liquidity conditions of core subsidiaries, it also monitors,
     controls and forecasts the cash position and capital needs within a certain period in the future at the group level and among
     core subsidiaries, and conducts stress tests with different scenarios according to the different sources of funds. Funding plans will
     be prepared to meet immediate or possible emerging cash gaps on the basis of maintaining independent operations among all
     subsidiaries. Core financial enterprises have established a daily monitoring and detecting mechanism for liquidity risk, by adopting
     risk management tools such as scenario analysis and stress testing to monitor liquidity risk in a dynamic manner. Non-financial
     industry operating entities adjust the liquidity contingency plan in a timely manner in accordance with the forecast of liquidity
     needs in the daily business activities.


5.   Insurance Risk
     Insurance risk refers to the risk of losses to insurance companies caused by deviation of actual mortality, morbidity, loss ratio,
     expense ratio, lapse rate, etc. from the assumptions used in pricing.




                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                         113
Directors’ Report




       All insurance subsidiaries of the Group assess and monitor insurance risks by adopting sensitivity analysis, scenario analysis, stress
       testing and empirical analysis, and evaluate the impacts of different actuarial assumptions, such as discount rate, investment yield,
       mortality, morbidity, lapse rate and expense ratio, on insurance technical reserves, solvency ratio or profitability etc..


6.     Compliance Risk
       Compliance risk refers to the potential of an enterprise and its employees and agents being subject to legal obligations, regulatory
       penalties, financial or reputation losses due to failure to comply with laws or regulations. With businesses spanning the globe, the
       Group is also subject to the laws and regulatory rules of different jurisdictions.


       The Group deeply understands the importance of compliance in operation to the development of a corporation and always regards
       EHS&Q as the key contents of performing social responsibility. The Group complies with the information disclosure requirements of
       the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and stock exchanges in places where the investment enterprises operate and performs disclosure
       obligations in a timely manner. With the background of tightened supervision and regulation over the global financial industry,
       the Group has strengthened its tracking on regulatory changes and issued compliance risk alerts of the financial sectors to timely
       analyze and assess the effects of new supervisory and regulatory rules on the operation of the financial enterprises of the Group, as
       well as to trace the effects of implemented measures to control compliance risk.


7.     Operation Risk
       The Group has made investments in the areas of “Health, Happiness, Wealth and Intelligent Manufacturing” in a number of
       countries and regions around the world. After completion of acquisitions, with subsidiaries acquired globally, the Group is faced
       with post-investment execution and consolidation risks in the aspects of, among other things, operational management, cultural
       integration and sense of identity among employees.


       While promoting global operation capability, the Group drives progress in the localization of our investment team, core
       management members and platforms. By maintaining understanding of the local market through quality management measures,
       in-depth development of the invested industry is realized. The Group also enhances mutual interflow and communication between
       subsidiaries and the Group through the Overseas Operation Committee, various types of measures are also adopted to enhance
       cultural identity, manage and control operation risk.


8.     Reputation Risk
       Reputation risk refers to the risk of losses resulting from the stakeholders’ negative evaluation on the corporation consequent to its
       own business operations and management or external events.


       The Group has established the Crisis Management Committee to coordinate the crisis management work of the headquarters,
       industrial groups and core enterprises, formed a reputation risk management mechanism comprising pre-event warning, responsive
       measures to risk events, post-event risk review and reputation restoration. The Crisis Management Committee is also responsible
       for coordinating the Group’s internal and external resources for reputation risk management, supervising the Group to evolve its
       crisis management mechanism, and enhancing the Group’s crisis management capabilities, with a view to safeguarding the Group’s
       production and operation and serving its global family customers.


9.     Capital Management
       The key objective of capital management of the Group is to maintain a capital adequacy level in line with the Group’s overall risk
       position, while maximizing the return for shareholders. The business development of the core financial enterprises of the Group
       is limited by adequacy of the capital or solvency. With the implementation of Solvency II and C-ROSS, the Group has established
       and improved solvency management system focusing on capital constraints in the insurance sector to implement asset liability
       management, monitor the evolving trend of solvency ratios on a regular basis, analyze the composition and changes of risk capital
       in core insurance companies and support the optimization of asset allocation in order to achieve a better balance among risk,
       capital and return.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
114   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report




10. Risk Contagion
       Risk contagion refers to a situation where the risk created by a member of a group spreads to another member of the group by
       means of intra-group transactions or other activities, causing losses to such other member.


       While developing synergies, the Group has also established a clear and complete legal entity governance structure to improve
       the risk-oriented internal control system for the implementation of prudent management policies. Meanwhile, the firewalls and
       connected transaction management have been established and improved continuously to enhance risk segregation within the
       Group.


FUTURE DEVELOPMENT OF THE GROUP
Future development of the Group is set out in the “Letter to Shareholders” in this annual report.


AUDITORS
There has been no change in auditor of the Company during the three years prior to the date of this report. The financial statements of
the Group were audited by Ernst & Young. Ernst & Young will retire and a resolution for their reappointment as auditors of the Company
will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM of the Company.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Pursuant to the Articles of Association and the directors and officers liability insurance (“D&O Insurance”) taken out by the Company
throughout the year, every Director shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against losses or liabilities incurred
by him or her in the execution of the duties of his or her office or in relation thereto. The relevant provisions in the Articles of Association
and the D&O Insurance were in force during the Reporting Period and as of the date of this report.


On Behalf of the Board


Guo Guangchang
Chairman

27 March 2024




                                                                                                              FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                            115
Awards and Recognition


AWARDS RECEIVED BY FOSUN IN 2023
January                  Fosun International won three awards, namely, “Best Capital Market Communications”, “Best ESG” and “Best
                         Investor Relations” at the 6th China IR Annual Awards jointly organized by Roadshow China and Excellent IR.


February                 Fosun Foundation’s Rural Doctors Program was awarded “Charitable Program and Charitable Trust Award” at the
                         first Shanghai Charity Awards Ceremony organized by the Shanghai Municipal People’s Government and Shanghai
                         Civil Affairs Bureau.


                         Fosun International and Fosun Foundation were awarded “Caring Company” and “Caring Organization” respectively
                         at the Hong Kong Social Service Expo 2023 organized by the Hong Kong Council of Social Service.


March                    Fosun International ranked third on the list of “2022 Hurun China Private Companies SDG Readiness 100” released
                         by the Hurun Research Institute, which listed 100 Chinese privately-owned companies that best meet the 17
                         Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations.


May                      Fosun International was awarded “Best CSR Company Hong Kong 2023” and “Most Influential Family-oriented
                         Consumer Brand Hong Kong 2023” by Finance Derivative , a global finance and business analysis magazine.


June                     Fosun International was granted “Asia’s Best CSR”, “Asia’s Best CEO” and “Best Corporate Communications” at
                         the 13th Asian Excellence Award by Corporate Governance Asia.


                         The Financial Program Center of China Media Group (CMG), together with the State-owned Assets Supervision
                         and Administration Commission of the State Council (SASAC), the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce
                         (ACFIC), the Institute of Economics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS), the China Enterprise Reform
                         and Development Society (CERDS), and other authoritative organizations and departments launched the China
                         ESG (Corporate Social Responsibility) Release. Fosun International was listed among China’s Top 100 ESG Listed
                         Companies, becoming an ESG leader that ranked fifth overall and first in the composite industry.


                         Fosun International was included in S&P Global’s Sustainability Yearbook 2023 (China Edition) and recognized as
                         Industry Mover.


                         Fosun International won the “Most Honored Company” at Institutional Investor’s “2023 All-Asia Executive Team”
                         Rankings. It also received 10 accolades, including Best CFO, Best IR Team, Best IR Professional in the Chinese
                         Mainland category, and Best Board of Directors, Best CEO, Best CFO, Best ESG, Best IR Program, Best IR Team, and
                         Best IR Professional in the Small & Midcap category.


July                     Fosun International was ranked No. 79 on “China’s Fortune 500 Listed Companies” and No. 153 on “China’s
                         Fortune 500” in 2023 by Fortune China .


                         At the 15th China Corporate Social Responsibility Annual Conference hosted by Southern Weekend , Fosun
                         International ranked 9th in the “2022 China Corporate Social Responsibility Ranking”.


August                   Fosun International was awarded as a “Pioneering Organisation in ESG Disclosure Contribution” at the Hong Kong
                         Green and Sustainability Contribution Awards 2023 organised by Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency (HKQAA).


September                In the 2023 China Corporate Sustainability Index Report released by China Business Council for Sustainable
                         Development (CBCSD) and China Enterprise Confederation (CEC)/China Enterprise Directors Association (CEDA),
                         Fosun International ranked third in the list of “2023 China Top 100 Sustainable Enterprises”.




        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
116     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                               Awards and Recognition




October    Fosun International was awarded the “Holding Group Brand of the Year Awards Asia 2023”, “Best Sustainable
           Development Company Asia 2023” and “Best CSR Company Asia 2023” by Global Banking and Finance Review , a
           UK leading financial magazine.


           Fosun International was granted the Commendation for “Excellence in Environmental Positive Impact” from the
           Hong Kong ESG Reporting Awards (HERA) 2023 which was supported by the Environment Bureau and InvestHK
           under the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and organized by Hong Kong ESG Reporting
           Awards.


           Fosun International ranked No. 151 on 2023 “World’s Best Employers” by Forbes .


           Fosun International was named “Good MPF Employer” by Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority.


November   Fosun International was granted “Best Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Award” at the Hong Kong
           Management Association (HKMA) 2023 Best Annual Reports Awards.


           Fosun International was granted “Best in ESG Practices” and “Best in ESG Report” at the TVB ESG Awards 2023
           organised by Television Broadcasts Limited.


           Fosun International was granted the “Platinum Award” at The Asset ESG Corporate Awards 2023, the “Best
           Sustainability Team Award” and the “Best Investor Relations Team Award” by The Asset , a renowned international
           financial magazine.


           In the Blue Book of Corporate Social Responsibility 2023 released by China Social Responsibility 100 Forum and the
           research institute of CRS Cloud, Fosun International ranked “Top Ten Responsible Privately-owned Enterprises”.


           Fosun International was granted the “ESG Leading Enterprise Awards” in the Category I – Market capitalization over
           HK$20 billion by the Bloomberg Businessweek/Chinese Edition ESG Leading Enterprise Awards 2023.


           Fosun International was one of the “Forbes China ESG Innovation Enterprises” at the 2023 Forbes China ESG
           Innovation Enterprise Selection.


           Fosun International was granted “Global Talent Magnet Employer” award by LinkedIn, a globally well-known
           workplace social media.


           Fosun was awarded “Best Employer Brand Excellence Award” and “Best Corporate Culture Outstanding Case
           Award” by KNX Human Resource Solutions, a renowned professional services firm in China. Fosun also ranked
           among “Top 50 Excellent Human Resources Digitalization Cases” and was included in the “Pioneer List of Best
           Practices in Human Resources Digitalization” by KNX Human Resource Solutions.


December   Fosun International ranked among “Top 10 Dual Carbon Goal Activists” by Southern Weekend .


           Fosun was named “Excellent Employer” by Liepin (“獵聘”), a renowned professional human resources recruitment
           platform in China.




                                                                                             FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                           117
Independent auditor’s report

                              Ernst & Young                 ⭰㰟㛪姯⸒Ṳ⋀㈧                       Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                              27/F, One Taikoo Place        榀㸖毩歁㵳勘䙮怺 979噆                  Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                              979 King’s Road
                              Quarry Bay, Hong Kong         ⤑⏋✱ᷧ⺎ 27㧺                      ey.com

To the members of Fosun International Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)



Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Fosun International Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”)
set out on pages 123 to 352, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the
consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in
equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
material accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31
December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with
Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and
have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our
report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter
below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section
of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to
our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including
the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated
financial statements.




       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
118    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                             Independent auditor’s report




                              Ernst & Young                  ⭰㰟㛪姯⸒Ṳ⋀㈧                        Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                              27/F, One Taikoo Place         榀㸖毩歁㵳勘䙮怺 979噆                   Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                              979 King’s Road
                              Quarry Bay, Hong Kong          ⤑⏋✱ᷧ⺎ 27㧺                       ey.com

To the members of Fosun International Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


Key audit matter                                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Fair value measurement of investment properties

As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of investment                   Amongst our audit procedures, we considered the objectivity,
properties, which are stated at fair value, amounted to approximately       independence and expertise of the external valuers. We involved
RMB93,341 million. Management engages external valuers to                   internal valuation specialists to assist us in evaluating the valuation
facilitate its determination of the fair values of all investment           techniques and assessing the underlying assumptions for selected
properties and the Group’s policy is that property valuations are           samples, which included reference to the leasing contracts, external
performed by external valuers on a regular basis. The valuation of          market rents and historical information of occupancy rates, and in
the investment properties is highly dependent on estimates and              respect of the capitalisation rates, our internal specialists assisted
assumptions, such as estimated rental, capitalisation rates, occupancy      us in checking to the market data applied by real estate industry
rates and market knowledge. The use of different estimates and              analysis.
assumptions could result in significantly different fair values.
                                                                            We also assessed the adequacy of the disclosures on the fair value
The Group’s disclosures about the fair value measurement of                 measurement of investment properties.
investment properties are included in note 2.4 Material accounting
policies and note 3 Significant accounting judgements and estimates
– estimation uncertainty (iv) , which specify the policies regarding the
fair value measurement of investment properties, and note 33 which
specifically explains the fair value hierarchy and valuation techniques
and the key inputs to the valuation of investment properties.


Valuation of insurance contract liabilities

The Group had significant insurance contract liabilities of RMB62,811       With the support of our internal experts, we performed the
million as at 31 December 2023. We identified the valuation of              following audit procedures:
insurance contract liabilities as a key audit matter, as it requires
significant estimates and judgements.                                       –   Reviewed the Group’s accounting policies in relation to the
                                                                                valuation of insurance contract liabilities.
The valuation of insurance contract liabilities involves significant
judgement over the appropriateness of the measurement approach,             –   Evaluated and tested the design and operating effectiveness of
the determination of the coverage units and the uncertainty of future           key controls over the valuation of insurance contract liabilities.
cash flows.
                                                                            –   Evaluated the reasonableness of key judgements and
Complex actuarial models and actuarial assumptions with highly                  assumptions.
judgmental nature are used to support the valuation of insurance
contract liabilities. Key assumptions include discount rates, mortality,    –   Assessed the appropriateness of the valuation approaches
morbidity, expenses and lapse, etc.                                             of insurance contract liabilities. Performed independent
                                                                                recalculation on insurance contract liabilities of selected typical
The Group’s disclosures about the valuation for insurance contract              insurance products or groups of insurance contracts.
liabilities are included in note 2.4 Material accounting policies and
note 3 Significant accounting judgements and estimates – estimation         –   Tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data
uncertainty (xiii) – (xvii) which specifically explain the methodologies,       used in the valuation of insurance contract liabilities.
and assumptions used in the valuation, and note 27 which disclose
the details of the insurance contract liabilities recognised as at 31       –   Evaluated the overall reasonableness of the insurance contract
December 2023.                                                                  liabilities by performing movement analysis and assessing the
                                                                                impact of changes in key assumptions.




                                                                                                                 FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                               119
Independent auditor’s report




                             Ernst & Young                ⭰㰟㛪姯⸒Ṳ⋀㈧                      Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                             27/F, One Taikoo Place       榀㸖毩歁㵳勘䙮怺 979噆                 Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                             979 King’s Road
                             Quarry Bay, Hong Kong        ⤑⏋✱ᷧ⺎ 27㧺                     ey.com

To the members of Fosun International Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)



Other information included in the Annual Report
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in
the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial
statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do
so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
120   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                        Independent auditor’s report




                            Ernst & Young                  ⭰㰟㛪姯⸒Ṳ⋀㈧                      Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                            27/F, One Taikoo Place         榀㸖毩歁㵳勘䙮怺 979噆                 Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                            979 King’s Road
                            Quarry Bay, Hong Kong          ⤑⏋✱ᷧ⺎ 27㧺                     ey.com

To the members of Fosun International Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to
you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the
audit. We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
       design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
       provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
       resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
       control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
       circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
       made by the directors.




                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          121
Independent auditor’s report




                               Ernst & Young              ⭰㰟㛪姯⸒Ṳ⋀㈧                      Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                               27/F, One Taikoo Place     榀㸖毩歁㵳勘䙮怺 979噆                 Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                               979 King’s Road
                               Quarry Bay, Hong Kong      ⤑⏋✱ᷧ⺎ 27㧺                     ey.com

To the members of Fosun International Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
       obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s
       ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
       auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify
       our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
       events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and
       whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
       presentation.


•      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
       Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
       performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence
and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and
where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is LAU Kwok Wa Lawrence.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong
27 March 2024




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
122   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                         Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                        2023                      2022
                                                          Notes      RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                             (Restated)
TOTAL REVENUE                                              6      198,200,310            182,425,773
  Revenue                                                         161,273,854            143,373,137
  Insurance revenue                                                36,926,456             39,052,636


Cost of sales                                                     (113,729,199)           (96,397,263)
Insurance service expense                                          (31,070,582)           (36,189,208)


Net service expense from reinsurance contracts held                 (2,603,567)            (2,529,171)
Financial expenses from insurance contracts issued         7          (918,876)               (23,371)
Financial income from reinsurance contracts held           8           126,071                 50,213
Other income and gains                                     6        16,297,201             21,806,308
Selling and distribution expenses                                  (20,872,759)           (17,629,718)
Administrative expenses                                            (28,436,411)           (25,944,682)
Other expenses                                                      (6,285,255)            (9,355,608)
Finance costs                                              9       (12,393,562)           (10,886,682)
Share of profits of:
  Joint ventures                                                     2,869,750                966,290
  Associates                                                         6,688,586              4,398,499


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                          10        7,871,707             10,691,380
Tax                                                        12       (2,524,581)            (7,694,818)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                  5,347,126              2,996,562


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                               1,379,103               (831,803)
  Non-controlling interests                                          3,968,023              3,828,365


                                                                     5,347,126              2,996,562


EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
  EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
  Basic
  – For profit/(loss) for the year (RMB)                   14             0.17                       (0.10)


  Diluted
  – For profit/(loss) for the year (RMB)                   14             0.17                       (0.10)




                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                       123
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                                   2023            2022
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                              (Restated)
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                            5,347,126     2,996,562


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or loss
  in subsequent periods:
Finance reserve for insurance contracts issued                                 (2,017,279)    4,857,146
   Income tax effect                                                              312,680    (1,079,232)


                                                                               (1,704,599)   3,777,914


Finance reserve for reinsurance contracts held                                   103,748      (241,273)
   Income tax effect                                                             (20,242)       28,667


                                                                                  83,506      (212,606)


Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive loss:
  Changes in fair value                                                        3,347,141     (7,917,257)
  Changes in allowance for expected credit losses                                (94,315)           120
  Reclassification adjustments for (gains)/losses on disposal
    included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss                     (19,975)    1,073,493
  Income tax effect                                                             (695,428)    1,677,957


                                                                               2,537,423     (5,165,687)


Fair value adjustments of hedging instruments in cash flow hedges               (104,132)      134,453
  Income tax effect                                                               29,376       (24,045)


                                                                                  (74,756)     110,408


Fair value adjustments of hedging of a net investment in a foreign operation    (131,299)      159,102
  Income tax effect                                                               41,359       (37,024)


                                                                                  (89,940)     122,078


Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of associates                         796,765     (3,502,526)


Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of joint ventures                      (51,958)      14,952


Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                      2,252,904       656,793


Net other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be
 reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods                          3,749,345     (4,198,674)




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
124   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                             Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                    2023                      2022
                                                                                  Note           RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                         (Restated)
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
  in subsequent periods:
  Revaluation difference upon transfer from owner-occupied
     property to investment property                                               33              (32,504)                  9,003
     Income tax effect                                                                              11,234                  (1,027)


                                                                                                   (21,270)                  7,976


Actuarial reserve relating to employee benefits                                                    (18,636)               407,434
  Income tax effect                                                                                  4,980                (77,986)


                                                                                                   (13,656)               329,448


Equity investments designated at fair value through
  other comprehensive income:
  Change in fair value                                                                            (308,035)                (92,741)
  Income tax effect                                                                                101,482                  49,943


                                                                                                  (206,553)                (42,798)


Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of associates                                          (222,359)                 83,581


Net other comprehensive (loss)/income that will not be
 reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods                                             (463,838)               378,207


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                       3,285,507             (3,820,467)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                                   8,632,633               (823,905)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                                           4,230,533             (4,823,248)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                      4,402,100              3,999,343


                                                                                                 8,632,633               (823,905)




                                                                                                   FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                 125
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
31 December 2023



                                                                              31 Dec 2023   31 Dec 2022      1 Jan 2022
                                                                      Notes      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                               (Restated)     (Restated)
ASSETS
Cash and bank balances                                                 15      92,459,644   100,564,000      96,779,519
Reverse repurchase agreements                                          44       6,844,927             –               –
Loans and advances to customers                                        16      16,097,595    16,162,944      16,793,872
Trade and notes receivables                                            17      14,414,166    13,200,451      10,618,340
Inventories                                                            18      26,233,846    25,649,708      22,263,338
Completed properties for sale                                                  16,598,108    15,028,738      14,781,146
Properties under development                                           19      46,776,244    62,079,128      51,208,864
Contract assets and other assets                                       20         229,266       610,268          36,125
Due from related companies                                             21      18,015,068    12,929,293      18,210,088
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                        22      31,953,684    35,442,321      35,480,359
Assets classified as held for sale                                     23       2,906,203    19,817,066         556,217
Placements with and loans to banks and other financial institutions               473,054        55,010         425,483
Derivative financial instruments                                       24       3,615,676     3,537,338       3,057,582
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  25      52,941,186    59,964,219      67,608,984
Finance lease receivables                                              26         699,545       789,562         838,689
Reinsurance contract assets                                            27       9,117,577     8,841,570       7,938,130
Insurance contract assets                                              27       1,803,797     1,775,046       6,189,854
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income      28      72,473,645    63,534,884      80,908,414
Debt investments at amortised cost                                     29      29,400,296    25,171,823      25,984,474
Policyholder account assets in respect of unit-linked contracts        30      29,442,770    23,276,840      12,708,621
Equity investments designated at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                                31       2,696,542     2,763,627       3,054,695
Property, plant and equipment                                          32      55,226,701    45,668,203      42,387,533
Investment properties                                                  33      93,340,801    95,743,357      67,229,732
Right-of-use assets                                                    34      23,852,435    21,297,657      18,608,758
Exploration and evaluation assets                                      35         542,140       584,684         411,330
Mining rights                                                          36       1,311,399       480,763         496,997
Oil and gas assets                                                     37       1,974,760     1,890,258       1,959,612
Intangible assets                                                      38      36,790,363    34,278,110      27,116,359
Investments in joint ventures                                          39      12,584,076     9,903,075      33,395,605
Investments in associates                                              40      68,254,580    68,653,959      92,808,915
Goodwill                                                               41      29,547,898    27,413,654      24,804,818
Deferred tax assets                                                    42       9,769,597     9,268,677       7,947,331


Total assets                                                                  808,387,589   806,376,233     792,609,784




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
126   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                          Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                                            31 December 2023




                                                                                           31 Dec 2023     31 Dec 2022          1 Jan 2022
                                                                                Notes         RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                              (Restated)         (Restated)
LIABILITIES
Deposits from customers                                                          43         82,216,087      76,935,942          71,851,392
Assets sold under agreements to repurchase                                       44            188,063         151,868           1,467,606
Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                          990,853           3,828             421,560
Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                               –         149,062             122,735
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                       45          6,697,408       4,306,876           4,078,714
Liabilities directly associated with the assets classified as held for sale      23             79,178         117,467              27,151
Trade and notes payables                                                         46         26,407,670      24,393,592          21,406,410
Contract liabilities                                                             47         19,865,129      24,332,437          20,942,466
Tax payable                                                                                 13,148,210      12,078,193          11,896,130
Due to banks and other financial institutions                                    48          1,103,458       1,141,108           4,375,871
Derivative financial instruments                                                 24          4,039,509       3,148,743           5,740,791
Accrued liabilities and other payables                                           49         74,582,013      77,262,805          56,945,549
Due to related companies                                                         21          2,199,034       5,104,219           3,836,309
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                       50        211,923,910     226,919,151        237,119,485
Reinsurance contract liabilities                                                 27          3,103,216       3,517,286          2,205,168
Insurance contract liabilities                                                   27         62,811,295      59,205,512         70,306,631
Investment contract liabilities                                                  51         37,583,333      40,765,932         47,160,507
Financial liabilities for unit-linked contracts                                  51         29,442,770      23,276,840         12,708,621
Due to the holding company                                                       21            244,358         122,606          2,770,224
Deferred income                                                                  52          1,243,012       1,231,069            971,999
Deferred tax liabilities                                                         42         21,944,245      23,136,678         16,645,826


Total liabilities                                                                          599,812,751     607,301,214        593,001,145


NET ASSETS                                                                                 208,574,838     199,075,019        199,608,639


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                                                    53         37,286,880      37,146,381          36,919,889
Treasury shares                                                                               (326,634)       (353,338)           (254,519)
Other reserves                                                                              87,976,542      83,940,679          91,316,839


                                                                                           124,936,788     120,733,722        127,982,209


Non-controlling interests                                                                   83,638,050      78,341,297          71,626,430


Total equity                                                                               208,574,838     199,075,019        199,608,639




Guo Guangchang                                                                Gong Ping
Director                                                                      Director




                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          127
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Year ended 31 December 2023



2023                                                                                     Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                                                                       reserve of
                                                                                                  financial assets
                                                                                                     at fair value
                                                                                                   through other                                     Exchange                        Non-
                                                 Issued   Treasury          Other        Surplus comprehensive             Other      Retained     fluctuation                 controlling        Total
                                                capital     shares        deficits       reserve           income        reserve      earnings         reserve      Total        interests       equity
                                               RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
                                              (note 53)               (note 54(a))   (note 54(b))
At 31 December 2022                          37,146,381   (353,338)      (443,540)    16,958,449        (9,271,813)    6,779,196     74,457,983    (3,752,442) 121,520,876     78,108,939    199,629,815
Effect of changes in accounting policies-
  HKFRS17 (note 2.2)                                  –          –              –       (194,665)         740,508      3,210,586     (4,609,437)       65,854      (787,154)      232,358       (554,796)


At 1 January 2023 (restated)                 37,146,381   (353,338)      (443,540)* 16,763,784*         (8,531,305)* 9,989,782*     69,848,546*    (3,686,588)* 120,733,722    78,341,297    199,075,019
Profit for the year                                   –          –              –             –                  –            –       1,379,103             –     1,379,103     3,968,023      5,347,126
Other comprehensive income for the year:
Finance reserve from insurance contracts
   issued, net of tax                                 –          –              –              –                 –    (1,100,088)             –             –    (1,100,088)     (604,511)    (1,704,599)
Finance reserve from reinsurance contracts
   held, net of tax                                   –          –              –              –                 –        66,392              –             –       66,392         17,114        83,506
Equity investments designated at fair
   value through other comprehensive
   income
Changes in fair value, net of tax                     –          –              –              –         (118,918)              –             –             –      (118,918)      (87,635)      (206,553)
Debt investments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income
Gains on fair value adjustment, net of tax            –          –              –              –        1,989,014               –             –             –     1,989,014       604,963      2,593,977
Changes in allowance for expected
   credit losses                                      –          –              –              –           36,389               –             –             –       36,389         40,629        77,018
Reclassification adjustments for gain on
   disposal included in the consolidated
   statement of profit or loss, net of tax            –          –              –              –         (112,545)              –             –             –      (112,545)      (21,027)      (133,572)
Share of other comprehensive income
   of associates                                      –          –              –              –          665,796               –             –             –      665,796        (91,390)      574,406
Share of other comprehensive loss
   of joint ventures                                  –          –              –              –           (51,958)             –             –             –       (51,958)            –        (51,958)
Fair value adjustments of the hedging
   instruments in cash flow hedges,
   net of tax                                         –          –              –              –                 –       (56,104)             –             –       (56,104)      (18,652)       (74,756)
Fair value adjustments of hedging of a net
   investment in a foreign operation,
   net of tax                                         –          –              –              –                 –              –             –       (76,445)      (76,445)      (13,495)       (89,940)
Revaluation difference upon transfer from
   owner-occupied property to investment
   property, net of tax                               –          –              –              –                 –       (42,873)             –             –       (42,873)       21,603        (21,270)
Actuarial reserve relating to employee
   benefits, net of tax                               –          –              –              –                 –       (33,120)             –             –       (33,120)       19,464        (13,656)
Exchange differences on translation of
   foreign operations                                 –          –              –              –                 –              –             –     1,685,890     1,685,890       567,014      2,252,904


Total comprehensive income for the year               –          –              –              –        2,407,778     (1,165,793)     1,379,103     1,609,445     4,230,533     4,402,100      8,632,633




            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
128         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2023




2023                                                                                        Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                           Fair value
                                                                                                          reserve of
                                                                                                     financial assets
                                                                                                        at fair value
                                                                                                      through other                                     Exchange                        Non-
                                                    Issued   Treasury          Other        Surplus comprehensive             Other      Retained     fluctuation                 controlling        Total
                                                   capital     shares        deficits       reserve           income        reserve      earnings         reserve       Total       interests       equity
                                                  RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                 (note 53)               (note 54(a))   (note 54(b))
Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 56(a))                 –          –              –              –                 –              –             –             –             –     5,138,813      5,138,813
Capital contribution from non-controlling
   shareholders of subsidiaries                          –          –              –              –                 –              –             –             –             –     1,214,308      1,214,308
Distribution paid to non-controlling
   shareholders of subsidiaries                          –          –              –              –                 –             –              –             –             –    (2,786,357)    (2,786,357)
Final 2022 dividends                                     –          –              –              –                 –             –       (103,349)            –      (103,349)            –       (103,349)
Transfer from retained earnings                          –          –              –      1,575,358                 –             –     (1,575,358)            –             –             –              –
Share of other reserve of associates                     –          –              –              –                 –        10,076              –             –        10,076       (23,987)       (13,911)
Share of other reserve of joint ventures                 –          –              –              –                 –       (45,775)             –             –       (45,775)      (29,414)       (75,189)
Deemed disposal of partial interests in
   subsidiaries without losing control                   –          –              –              –                 –       (22,423)             –             –       (22,423)       37,268        14,845
Disposal of partial interests in subsidiaries
   without losing control                                –          –              –              –                 –      337,497               –             –       337,497        34,166       371,663
Fair value adjustment on the share
   redemption option granted to
   non-controlling shareholders of
   subsidiaries                                          –          –              –              –                 –      (140,852)             –             –      (140,852)      (72,374)      (213,226)
Equity-settled share-based payments of the
   Company (note 58)**                            140,499      13,045              –              –                 –        14,543              –             –       168,087             –       168,087
Equity-settled share-based payment of
   subsidiaries                                          –          –              –              –                 –              –             –             –             –       158,785       158,785
Deemed acquisition of additional interests
   in a subsidiary                                       –          –              –              –                 –       (19,099)             –             –       (19,099)       15,136         (3,963)
Acquisition of additional interests
   in subsidiaries                                       –          –              –              –                 –       (31,200)             –             –       (31,200)     (765,592)      (796,792)
Disposal of subsidiaries (note 56(b))                    –          –              –              –                 –             –              –             –             –    (2,026,099)    (2,026,099)
Re-purchase of shares                                    –     13,659              –              –                 –             –       (194,088)            –      (180,429)            –       (180,429)


At 31 December 2023                             37,286,880   (326,634)      (443,540)* 18,339,142*         (6,123,527)* 8,926,756*     69,354,854*    (2,077,143)* 124,936,788    83,638,050    208,574,838

*             These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated other reserves of RMB87,976,542,000 (31 December 2022: RMB83,940,679,000 (Restated)) in the
              consolidated statement of financial position.

**            According to the share award scheme announced by the Company, during the year of 2023, the Company issued and the employee benefit trust
              established by the Company allotted 27,737,000 new shares which were awarded to selected participants and will be vested based on certain vesting
              conditions. During the year, 23,786,510 shares were vested.




                                                                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                      129
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Year ended 31 December 2023




2022                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                              Fair value
                                                                                                             reserve of
                                                                                                        financial assets
                                                                                                           at fair value
                                                                                                         through other                                    Exchange                        Non-
                                                  Issued     Treasury         Other         Surplus     comprehensive           Other       Retained    fluctuation                 controlling         Total
                                                  capital      shares        deficits        reserve            income         reserve       earnings       reserve       Total       interests        equity
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                               (note 53)                (note 54(a))    (note 54(b))
At 31 December 2021                          36,919,889     (254,519)     (443,540)     16,601,416            (814,779)      6,131,977    77,084,283    (4,154,821) 131,069,906     72,143,992    203,213,898
Effect of changes in accounting policies
  -HKAS 38**                                           –           –               –              –                   –              –       (82,500)        7,618       (74,882)      (19,660)       (94,542)
Effect of changes in accounting policies
  -HKFRS 17 (note 2.2)                                 –           –               –              –           (301,951)        514,609    (3,433,584)     208,111     (3,012,815)     (497,902)    (3,510,717)


At 1 January 2022 (restated)                 36,919,889     (254,519)     (443,540)     16,601,416          (1,116,730)      6,646,586    73,568,199    (3,939,092) 127,982,209     71,626,430    199,608,639
Profit for the year (restated)                        –            –             –               –                   –               –      (831,803)            –     (831,803)     3,828,365      2,996,562
Other comprehensive income for the
   year (restated):
Finance reserve from insurance
   contracts issued, net of tax                        –           –               –              –                   –      3,023,409             –             –    3,023,409       754,505       3,777,914
Finance reserve from reinsurance
   contracts held, net of tax                          –           –               –              –                   –       (197,523)            –             –     (197,523)       (15,083)      (212,606)
Equity investments designated at fair
   value through other comprehensive
   income
Changes in fair value, net of tax                      –           –               –              –            (28,533)              –             –             –       (28,533)      (14,265)       (42,798)
Debt investments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income
Loss on fair value adjustment, net of tax              –           –               –              –         (5,273,994)              –             –             –    (5,273,994)   (1,033,634)    (6,307,628)
Changes in allowance for expected
   credit losses                                       –           –               –              –            (83,787)              –             –             –       (83,787)       (9,287)       (93,074)
Reclassification adjustments for loss on
   disposal included in the consolidated
   statement of profit or loss, net of tax             –           –               –              –         1,190,780                –             –             –    1,190,780        44,235       1,235,015
Share of other comprehensive loss
   of associates                                       –           –               –              –         (3,233,993)              –             –             –    (3,233,993)     (184,952)    (3,418,945)
Share of other comprehensive income
   of joint ventures                                   –           –               –              –             14,952               –             –             –       14,952              –        14,952
Fair value adjustments of the hedging
   instruments in cash flow hedges,
   net of tax                                          –           –               –              –                   –         52,542             –             –       52,542        57,866        110,408
Fair value adjustments of hedging of a net
   investment in a foreign operation,
   net of tax                                          –           –               –              –                   –              –             –      103,762       103,762        18,316        122,078
Revaluation difference upon transfer from
   owner-occupied property to investment
   property, net of tax                                –           –               –              –                   –          4,705             –             –        4,705          3,271          7,976
Actuarial reserve relating to employee
   benefits, net of tax                                –           –               –              –                   –        287,493             –             –      287,493        41,955        329,448
Exchange differences on translation of
   foreign operations                                  –           –               –              –                   –              –             –      148,742       148,742       508,051        656,793


Total comprehensive income for the year                –           –               –              –         (7,414,575)      3,170,626      (831,803)     252,504     (4,823,248)    3,999,343       (823,905)




            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
130         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                              Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




2022                                                                                             Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                                                                reserve of
                                                                                                           financial assets
                                                                                                              at fair value
                                                                                                            through other                                    Exchange                         Non-
                                                     Issued     Treasury         Other         Surplus     comprehensive           Other       Retained    fluctuation                  controlling         Total
                                                     capital      shares        deficits        reserve            income         reserve       earnings       reserve        Total       interests        equity
                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                  (note 53)                (note 54(a))    (note 54(b))
Acquisition of subsidiaries                               –           –               –              –                   –              –             –             –              –     1,381,058      1,381,058
Capital contribution from non-controlling
   shareholders of subsidiaries                           –           –               –              –                   –              –             –             –              –      563,820        563,820
Distribution paid to non-controlling
   shareholders of subsidiaries                           –           –               –             –                    –              –             –             –              –    (2,784,757)    (2,784,757)
Final 2021 dividends                                      –           –               –             –                    –              –    (2,148,152)            –     (2,148,152)            –     (2,148,152)
Transfer from retained earnings                           –           –               –       162,368                    –              –      (162,368)            –              –             –
Share of other reserve of associates                      –           –               –             –                    –       (172,236)            –             –       (172,236)      (10,925)      (183,161)
Share of other reserve of joint ventures                  –           –               –             –                    –            818             –             –            818          (292)           526
Deemed disposal of partial interests in
   subsidiaries without losing control                    –           –               –              –                   –        857,549             –             –       857,549      3,561,701      4,419,250
Disposal of partial interests in subsidiaries
   without losing control                                 –           –               –              –                   –         25,371             –             –        25,371      4,032,131      4,057,502
Fair value adjustment on the share
   redemption option granted to
   non-controlling shareholders of
   subsidiaries                                           –           –               –              –                   –       (150,693)            –             –      (150,693)       (74,755)      (225,448)
Equity-settled share-based payments of the
   Company (note 58)*                             226,492      (142,292)              –              –                   –         30,756             –             –       114,956              –       114,956
Equity-settled share-based payment of
   subsidiaries                                           –           –               –              –                   –              –             –             –              –      198,378        198,378
Acquisition of additional interests in
   subsidiaries                                           –           –               –              –                   –       (418,995)            –             –      (418,995)    (1,012,946)    (1,431,941)
Disposal of subsidiaries                                  –           –               –              –                   –              –             –             –             –     (3,137,889)    (3,137,889)
Re-purchase of shares                                     –      43,473               –              –                   –              –      (577,330)            –      (533,857)             –       (533,857)


At 31 December 2022 (restated)                  37,146,381     (353,338)     (443,540)     16,763,784          (8,531,305)      9,989,782    69,848,546    (3,686,588) 120,733,722      78,341,297    199,075,019

*             According to the share award scheme announced by the Company, during the year of 2022, the Company issued and the employee benefit trust
              established by the Company allotted 35,265,200 new shares which were awarded to selected participants and will be vested based on certain vesting
              conditions. During the year, 8,626,630 shares were vested.

**            In IFRIC Update March 2021, the IFRS Interpretations Committee published its agenda decision on Configuration or Customisation Costs under a
              Software as a Service (“SaaS”) contract (“IFRIC Agenda Decision”) in relation to the application of IAS 38 (which is equivalent to HKAS 38). The
              Group applied the IFRIC Agenda Decision in the year of 2022 and the configuration or customisation costs for SaaS contract which were previously
              capitalised were charged to expenses. The change in accounting policy has been accounted for retrospectively and the comparative figures for the
              corresponding comparative prior periods have been restated.




                                                                                                                                                                 FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                            131
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
31 December 2023



                                                                                   2023            2022
                                                                       Notes    RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                              (Restated)
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                               7,871,707    10,691,380
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment                10      3,936,784     3,589,760
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                   10      3,271,188     2,670,621
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                     10      2,730,799     2,229,944
  Amortisation of mining rights                                         10         16,594        16,234
  Amortisation of oil and gas assets                                    10        601,704       500,396
  Exploration expensed and written off                                  35        128,172       139,480
  Provision for impairment of oil and gas assets                        10              –       174,145
  Provision for impairment of right of use assets                       10         36,985         3,882
  Provision for impairment of items of property, plant and equipment    10         47,256        57,870
  Provision for impairment of intangible assets                         10        144,525       149,703
  Provision for impairment of goodwill                                  10         76,196       197,511
  Provision/(reversal) of impairment of debt investments
     at fair value through other comprehensive income                  6/10        94,315          (120)
  Provision for impairment of investments in associates                 10        904,641     1,908,093
  Provision for impairment of receivables                               10        299,981       632,680
  Provision for impairment of debt investments at amortised cost        10        236,357        33,453
  Provision for inventories                                             10        234,796       472,050
  Provision for impairment of completed properties for sale             10        340,456        14,259
  Provision for impairment of property under development                10        438,049             –
  Provision for impairment of finance lease receivables                 10         49,541        13,093
  Provision for impairment of loans and advances to customers           10        116,241        30,648
  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                      6      (1,606,965)   (1,253,732)
  Gain on bargain purchase of subsidiaries                              6               –      (306,277)
  Loss on disposal/partial disposal of associates                       10         88,739     2,080,507
  Gain on deemed disposal of associates                                 6        (106,147)      (35,337)


Subtotal carried forward                                                       19,951,914    24,010,243




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
132   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                                                       31 December 2023




                                                                                                         2023                     2022
                                                                                    Notes             RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (Restated)
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES (continued)
Subtotal carried forward                                                                            19,951,914             24,010,243


(Loss)/gain on disposal of right-of-use assets                                      34c                    146                 (14,132)
Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                           6                (336,502)                (89,157)
Gain on remeasurement of previously held interests in step acquisitions
  of subsidiaries                                                                    6                       –             (1,408,718)
Loss on disposal of debt investments at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                                               10                341,614                235,429
Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                                6                (604,138)              (330,755)
(Gain)/Loss on fair value adjustment of financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                                                    6/10            (2,068,203)             1,767,538
Gain on fair value adjustment of investment properties                               6              (1,113,884)            (8,843,358)
Loss on derivative financial instruments                                             10                183,902              1,198,406
COVID-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                      34c                      –               (148,452)
Interest expenses                                                                    9              12,064,164             10,464,836
Interest income                                                                      6              (1,080,357)              (960,883)
Dividends and interest from equity investments designated at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                6                (159,312)              (145,737)
Dividends and interest from debt investments at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                                              6              (2,453,216)            (2,099,712)
Dividends and interest from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    6              (1,762,873)            (1,699,729)
Share of profits and losses of associates                                                           (6,688,586)            (4,398,499)
Share of profits and losses of joint ventures                                                       (2,869,750)              (966,290)
Gain on disposal of joint ventures                                                   6                (311,177)              (468,590)
Gain on disposal of assets classified as held for sale                               6                (733,412)                     –
Equity-settled share-based payments                                                  10                271,677                253,790


Subtotal carried forward                                                                            12,632,007             16,356,230




                                                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                     133
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
31 December 2023




                                                                                    2023            2022
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                               (Restated)
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES (continued)
CASH INFLOW BEFORE WORKING CAPITAL CHANGES                                      12,632,007    16,356,230


Decrease in properties under development                                        11,409,692     2,791,602
Increase in completed properties held for sale                                  (2,400,093)     (261,851)
Decrease/(increase) in trade and notes receivables                                 284,904    (2,288,389)
Decrease in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                      1,169,637       991,427
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                               2,486,062    (4,947,679)
(Increase)/decrease in reinsurance contract asset                                 (360,893)      500,509
Increase in reverse repurchase agreements                                       (6,844,927)            –
Increase in amounts due from related companies and the holding company          (3,701,551)   (3,217,582)
(Increase)/decrease in loans and advances to customers                             (50,892)      600,280
Increase in trade and notes payables                                               499,582     2,353,615
Decrease in accrued liabilities and other payables                                (962,733)   (2,788,026)
Increase/(decrease) in assets sold under agreements to repurchase                   43,915    (1,223,507)
Increase in deferred income                                                         61,497       279,843
Decrease in amounts due to related companies and the holding company              (675,137)     (293,029)
Increase/(decrease) in accounts payable to brokerage clients                       987,025      (417,732)
(Decrease)/increase in placements with and loans to banks and
   other financial institutions                                                   (418,044)      370,473
(Decrease)/increase in placements from banks and other financial institutions     (149,062)       26,327
Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to banks and other financial institutions       509,742    (3,527,702)
Increase in deposits from customers                                              5,280,145     5,084,550
Decrease/(increase) in restricted pre-sale proceeds of properties                2,552,419    (1,544,651)
Decrease/(increase) in required reserve deposits                                   238,879      (227,202)
Increase in restricted cash                                                       (602,699)            –
Changes in derivative financial instruments                                        275,216    (1,003,468)
Decrease in finance lease receivables                                               40,476        36,034
Decrease in investment contract liabilities                                     (3,182,599)   (6,529,030)
(Decrease)/increase in insurance contract liability                             (1,033,148)    4,514,845
Decrease/(increase) in contract assets and other assets                            381,002      (574,143)
(Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                                     (4,593,473)    3,124,058


CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS                                                  13,876,949     8,185,802


Tax paid                                                                        (4,052,490)   (6,422,088)


NET CASH FLOWS GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                               9,824,459     1,763,714




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
134   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                               Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                                                          31 December 2023




                                                                                                            2023                   2022
                                                                                       Notes             RMB’000                RMB’000
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                                                     (8,800,006)            (6,652,726)
Proceed from disposal/(prepayment for addition) right-of-use assets                                       256,529               (121,887)
Increase of investment properties                                                                        (932,420)            (2,383,755)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                          (3,641,363)            (4,208,253)
Purchase of exploration and evaluation assets                                                             (80,310)              (129,709)
Purchase of oil and gas assets                                                                           (650,804)              (432,941)
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                    (135,211,680)          (125,070,186)
Purchase of equity investments designated at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                                                                          –                (6,930)
Purchase of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                         (20,394,192)          (13,795,361)
Purchase of debt investments at amortised cost                                                         (8,474,553)           (7,062,498)
Increase in deposits included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                         (187,802)              (43,865)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                       144,177,986           135,457,071
Proceeds from disposal of equity investments designated at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                                                             118,937                   70,961
Proceeds from disposal of debt investments at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                                                                 14,633,110             16,198,339
Proceeds from maturity of debt investments at amortised cost                                            6,131,368              7,187,593
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                                        1,533,421              1,456,729
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets                                                             1,189,638                377,507
Disposal of subsidiaries                                                               56(b)            9,968,592              4,255,885
Proceeds from disposal of associates and disposal of partial interests in associates                    2,979,201             13,496,306
Proceeds from disposal of joint ventures                                                                  490,216                552,099
Proceeds from disposal of assets of a disposal group classified as held for sale                        7,849,377                529,057
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                            56(a)              204,657               (305,016)
Acquisition of associates                                                                                (874,017)              (854,133)
Acquisition of joint ventures                                                                            (283,405)              (185,110)
Dividends and interest received from debt investments                                                   1,855,713              2,323,699
Dividends and interest received from equity investments                                                 2,032,855              1,734,796
Dividends received from associates                                                                      1,163,852              1,555,568
Dividends received from joint ventures                                                                    500,163              3,075,344


Subtotal carried forward                                                                               15,555,063             27,018,584




                                                                                                          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                        135
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
31 December 2023




                                                                                             2023             2022
                                                                                Note      RMB’000          RMB’000
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES (continued)
Subtotal carried forward                                                                15,555,063      27,018,584


Increase in pledged bank balances and time deposits with original maturity of
   more than three months                                                                  (284,210)     (2,698,535)
Prepayments for proposed acquisitions of long-term assets                                  (358,588)       (778,211)
Proceeds received from disposal of investment properties                                  1,773,667       2,111,628
Deposits advanced received from disposal of equity investments                                    –       9,029,000
Interest received                                                                           901,107         892,595


Net CASH FLOWS GENERATED FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                      17,587,039      35,575,061


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                      869,711       5,756,881
New bank and other borrowings                                                           125,722,969     103,564,175
Principal portion of lease payments                                                      (3,798,481)     (2,734,351)
Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                                 (140,067,724)   (128,696,614)
Increased in restricted cash                                                             (6,189,522)              –
Distribution paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                        (2,798,122)     (2,750,513)
Acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries                                        (757,169)     (1,873,536)
Disposal of partial interests in subsidiaries without losing control                        371,663       4,032,131
Dividends paid to holding company                                                           (35,836)     (3,514,093)
Repurchase of shares                                                                       (180,429)       (543,935)
Interest paid                                                                           (12,808,936)    (12,207,034)
Purchase of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                        5,441         843,819


NET CASH FLOWS USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                             (39,666,435)    (38,123,070)


NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                               (12,254,937)      (784,295)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                           85,473,432     86,257,727


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                        15      73,218,495      85,473,432




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
136   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2023



1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
   Fosun International Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as a company with limited liability in Hong Kong on 24 December
   2004 under the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


   The registered office of the Company is located at Room 808, ICBC Tower, 3 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong.


   The principal businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) include Health, Happiness,
   Wealth and Intelligent Manufacturing. The Wealth Segment includes two major sub-segments: Insurance and Asset Management.


   The holding company and the ultimate holding company of the Company are Fosun Holdings Limited and Fosun International
   Holdings Ltd., which are incorporated in Hong Kong and the British Virgin Islands, respectively. The ultimate controlling shareholder
   is Mr. Guo Guangchang.


   The shares of the Company have been listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong
   Stock Exchange”) since 16 July 2007.


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
   These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which
   include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by
   the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been
   prepared under the historical cost convention, except for investment properties, certain financial assets and liabilities (including
   derivative instruments) which have been measured at fair value, and insurance contract liabilities, which have been measured
   primarily based on actuarial methods. Assets of a disposal group classified as held for sale are stated at the lower of their carrying
   amounts and fair values less costs to sell. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded
   to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.


   Basis of consolidation
   The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31
   December 2023. A subsidiary is an entity (collectively referred to as the “Group”), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company.
   Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has
   the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to
   direct the relevant activities of the investee).


   When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers
   all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:


   (a)     the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


   (b)     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


   (c)     the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


   The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using consistent
   accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to
   be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.




                                                                                                          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                        137
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
       Basis of consolidation (Continued)
       Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of the Group and to
       the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and
       liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on
       consolidation.


       The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one
       or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of
       control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


       If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities, any non-controlling
       interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment retained and any resulting surplus
       or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to
       profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the
       related assets or liabilities.


2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
       The Group has adopted the following new and revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial statements and the
       Group has changed in presentation of all assets and liabilities to being in order of liquidity.


       Adoption of the revised HKFRSs
       HKFRS 17                                                                Insurance Contracts
       Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2                     Disclosure of Accounting Policies
       Amendments to HKAS 8                                                    Definition of Accounting Estimates
       Amendments to HKAS 12                                                   Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                                                  Single Transaction
       Amendments to HKAS 12                                                   International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules

       The nature and impact of the new and revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:


       (a)     HKFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts


               HKFRS 17 is a comprehensive new accounting standard for insurance contracts covering recognition and measurement,
               presentation and disclosure. HKFRS 17 replaces HKFRS 4 Insurance Contracts. The standard applies to all types of insurance
               contracts (i.e., life, non-life, direct insurance and re-insurance), regardless of the type of entities that issue them, as well
               as to certain guarantees and financial instruments with discretionary participation features. A few scope exceptions apply.
               The overall objective of the standard is to provide an accounting model for insurance contracts that is more useful and
               consistent for insurers, covering all relevant accounting aspects. HKFRS 17 is the general model, supplemented by:


               •       a specific adaptation for contracts with direct participation features (the variable fee approach); and


               •       a simplified approach (the premium allocation approach (“PAA”)) mainly for short-duration contracts.


               HKFRS 17 replaces HKFRS 4 Insurance Contracts for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
138   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
   (Continued)

   Adoption of the revised HKFRSs (Continued)
   (a)    HKFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts (Continued)


          The Group has restated comparative information for 2022 applying the transitional provisions in Appendix C to HKFRS 17.
          The nature of the changes in accounting policies can be summarised, as follows:


          CHANGES TO CLASSIFICATION, MEASUREMENT
          HKFRS 17 establishes specific principles for the recognition and measurement of insurance contracts issued and reinsurance
          contracts held by the Group.


          The key principles of HKFRS 17 are that the Group:


          •      Identifies insurance contracts as those under which the Group accepts significant insurance risk from another party
                 (the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder if a specified uncertain future event (the insured
                 event) adversely affects the policyholder;


          •      Separates specified embedded derivatives, distinct investment components and distinct goods or services other than
                 insurance contract services from insurance contracts and accounts for them in accordance with other standards;


          •      Divides the insurance and reinsurance contracts into groups it will recognise and measure;


          •      Unless the premium allocation approach is used for liability for remaining coverage, recognises and measures groups
                 of insurance contracts at:


                 i)      A risk-adjusted present value of the future cash flows (the fulfilment cash flows) that incorporates all
                         available information about the fulfilment cash flows in a way that is consistent with observable market
                         information; plus


                 ii)     An amount representing the unearned profit in the group of contracts (the contractual service margin or
                         CSM);


          •      The premium allocation approach is used to recognise and measure the liabilities for remaining coverage mainly for
                 groups of short duration contracts.


          •      Recognises profit from a group of insurance contracts over each period the Group provides insurance contract
                 services. If a group of contracts is expected to be onerous (i.e., loss-making) over the remaining coverage period,
                 the Group recognises the loss immediately;


          The Group’s classification and measurement of insurance and reinsurance contracts is explained in Note 2.4 MATERIAL
          ACCOUNTING POLICIES.




                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                   139
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
       (Continued)

       Adoption of the revised HKFRSs (Continued)
       (a)     HKFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts (Continued)
               CHANGES TO PRESENTATION AND DISCLOSURE
               For presentation in the statement of financial position, the Group aggregates by each portfolio of insurance contracts issued
               (including reinsurance contracts issued) and reinsurance contracts held and presents separately:


               •       Portfolios of insurance contracts issued (including reinsurance contracts issued) that are assets;


               •       Portfolios of reinsurance contracts held that are assets;


               •       Portfolios of insurance contracts issued (including reinsurance contracts issued) issued that are liabilities;


               •       Portfolios of reinsurance contracts held that are liabilities.


               The portfolios referred to above are those established at initial recognition in accordance with the HKFRS 17 requirements.


               Besides, HKFRS 17 requires separate presentation in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the
               following line items:


               •       Insurance revenue;


               •       Insurance service expense;


               •       Net service expense from reinsurance contracts held;


               •       Financial expenses from insurance contracts issued;


               •       Financial income from reinsurance contracts held.


               The Group provides qualitative and quantitative information in the notes to the financial statements about:


               •       Amounts recognised in its financial statements from insurance contracts;


               •       Significant judgements, and changes in those judgements, when applying the standard.


               TRANSITION
               On transition date, 1 January 2022, the Group:


               •       Has identified, recognised and measured each group of insurance contracts as if HKFRS 17 had always applied
                       (unless impracticable);


               •       Derecognised any existing balances that would not exist had HKFRS 17 always applied;


               •       Recognised any resulting net difference in equity.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
140   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2023




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
   (Continued)

   Adoption of the revised HKFRSs (Continued)
   (a)    HKFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts (Continued)
          TRANSITION (Continued)
          The Group chose to apply the full retrospective method in situations where it is possible to recover all the necessary
          historical information. For the other contracts, considering the impracticality of recovering historical information, the fair
          value was applied. To indicate the effect of applying the fair value approach on the CSM, insurance revenue and insurance
          finance income or expenses, the Group has provided additional disclosures in notes 2.4, 6, 7 and 27.


          As a result of the adoption of HKFRS 17, the Group ceased to apply the overlay approach for designated eligible financial
          assets in accordance with Amendments to HKFRS 4.


          At the date of initial application of HKFRS 17 (i.e., 1 January 2023), the Group designated some of its equity investments
          as equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they are investments in equity
          instruments as defined by HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. According to the
          transitional provisions, the Group applied such changes retrospectively and restated the comparative information for the
          effect of such changes.


          The opening balances as at 1 January 2022, comparative financial position as at 31 December 2022 and comparative
          information for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been restated for the effects of the retrospective application of
          HKFRS 17 in the consolidated financial statements.


          Impact on consolidated statement of financial position:


                                                                                                         Decrease
                                                                                                       As at                     As at
                                                                                                31 December                  1 January
                                                                                                       2022                      2022
                                                                                                          %                         %
          Total equity                                                                                     0.3                       1.7

   (b)    Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 – Disclosure of Accounting Policies

          Amendments to HKAS 1 require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information rather than their significant
          accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other information included
          in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general
          purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements. Amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2
          Making Materiality Judgements provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting
          policy disclosures. The amendments have had an impact on the Group’s disclosures of accounting policies, but not on the
          measurement, recognition or presentation of any items in the Group’s financial statements.


   (c)    Amendments to HKAS 8 – Definition of Accounting Estimates


          Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies.
          Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty.
          The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. Since
          the Group’s approach and policy align with the amendments, the amendments had no impact on the Group’s financial
          statements.




                                                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                     141
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
       (Continued)

       Adoption of the revised HKFRSs (Continued)
       (d)     Amendments to HKAS 12 – Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction


               Amendments to HKAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction narrow the scope
               of the initial recognition exception in HKAS 12 so that it no longer applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable
               and deductible temporary differences, such as leases and decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to
               recognise a deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for temporary
               differences arising from these transactions.


               Upon the application of the amendments, the Group has determined the temporary differences arising from right-of-
               use assets and lease liabilities separately, which have been reflected in the reconciliation disclosed in note 34 to the
               financial statements. However, they did not have any material impact on the overall deferred tax balances presented in the
               consolidated statement of financial position as the related deferred tax balances qualified for offsetting under HKAS 12.


       (e)     Amendments to HKAS 12 – International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules


               Amendments to HKAS 12 International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a mandatory temporary exception
               from the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the implementation of the Pillar Two model rules
               published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. The amendments also introduce disclosure
               requirements for the affected entities to help users of the financial statements better understand the entities’ exposure to
               Pillar Two income taxes, including the disclosure of current tax related to Pillar Two income taxes separately in the periods
               when Pillar Two legislation is effective and the disclosure of known or reasonably estimable information of their exposure
               to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the legislation is enacted or substantively enacted but not yet in effect. The
               Group has applied the amendments and the mandatory temporary exception retrospectively. Pillar Two legislation has been
               enacted or substantively enacted in certain jurisdictions in which the Group operates, and the legislation will be effective
               for the Group’s financial year beginning 1 January 2024.


               The Group is in scope of the new tax legislation. However, the legislations in certain jurisdictions were enacted close to the
               reporting date. Therefore, the Group is still in the process of assessing the potential impact to Pillar Two income taxes.


       Change in presentation following adoption of HKFRS 17
       With the implementation of HKFRS 17, the important insurance subsidiaries of the Group (e.g., Fidelidade – Companhia de Seguros,
       S.A. and Peak Reinsurance Holdings Limited), after analysing the industrial practices and their own business patterns, find it more
       reliable, relevant and comparable to present all assets and liabilities in order of liquidity under the HKFRS 17 reporting frameworks.
       Considering the consistency of financial reporting between the subsidiaries and the Group, and importance of the insurance
       business to the whole group, the Group changed the presentation of all assets and liabilities to being in order of liquidity for the
       first time for the current year’s financial statements, together with the implementation of HKFRS 17.


       HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements illustrates that an entity shall present current and non-current assets, and current
       and non-current liabilities, as separate classifications in its statement financial position except when a presentation based on
       liquidity provides information that is reliable and more relevant. When that exception applies, an entity shall present all assets and
       liabilities in order of liquidity. For some entities, such as financial institutions, a presentation of assets and liabilities in increasing
       or decreasing order of liquidity provides information that is reliable and more relevant than a current/non-current presentation
       because the entity does not supply goods or services within a clearly identifiable operating cycle.


       The comparative consolidated statement of financial position as at 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022 has been restated for
       the effects of the retrospective application of the change in the presentation of all assets and liabilities to being in order of liquidity
       in the consolidated financial statements. The Group also discloses (in Note 65) more information about liquidity for each asset and
       liability line item.



      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
142   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS
   The Group has not applied the following revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these financial
   statements. The Group intends to apply these revised HKFRSs, if applicable, when they become effective.


   Amendments to HKFRS 10                                   Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
    and HKAS 28                                               and its Associate or Joint Venture3
   Amendments to HKFRS 16                                   Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 1
   Amendments to HKAS 1                                     Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current
                                                              (the “2020 Amendments”)1,4
   Amendments to HKAS 1                                     Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)1,4
   Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                         Supplier Finance Arrangement 1
   Amendments to HKAS 21                                    Lack of Exchangeability 2

   1
          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
   2
          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
   3
          No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
   4
          As a consequence of the 2020 Amendments and 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements –
          Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised to align the corresponding wording
          with no change in conclusion


   Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below:


   Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 in
   dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full
   recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets constitutes a business.
   For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the
   investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are
   to be applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 was removed by the
   HKICPA. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.


   Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability arising in a sale and
   leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it
   retains. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and shall be applied retrospectively
   to sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 (i.e., 1 January 2019). Earlier
   application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                                                              FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                            143
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)
       The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including what is meant by
       a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period. Classification of a liability is
       unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement. The amendments also clarify that a liability
       can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that only if a conversion option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as
       an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among
       covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting
       date affect the classification of that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are required for non-current liabilities
       that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period. The amendments shall
       be applied retrospectively with early application permitted. An entity that applies the 2020 Amendments early is required to apply
       simultaneously the 2022 Amendments, and vice versa. The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether
       existing loan agreements may require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to have any
       significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


       Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require additional disclosure
       of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are intended to assist users of financial statements in
       understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. Earlier
       application of the amendments is permitted. The amendments provide certain transition reliefs regarding comparative information,
       quantitative information as at the beginning of the annual reporting period and interim disclosures. The amendments are not
       expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


       Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency and how it
       shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking. The amendments require disclosures
       of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier
       application is permitted. When applying the amendments, an entity cannot restate comparative information. Any cumulative effect
       of initially applying the amendments shall be recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to the
       cumulative amount of translation differences accumulated in a separate component of equity, where appropriate, at the date of
       initial application. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
144   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   Investments in associates and joint ventures
   An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity voting rights
   and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy
   decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.


   A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net
   assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when
   decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.


   The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at the
   Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses. Adjustments are made to bring into
   line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist.


   The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures is included in
   the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive income, respectively. In addition, when there
   has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes,
   when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions
   between the Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or
   joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from
   the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint ventures.


   If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not remeasured.
   Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other case, upon loss of significant influence
   over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair
   value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint
   control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.


  When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 5
  Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations .


   Interests in joint operations
   A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the assets,
   and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an
   arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing
   control.


   The Group recognises in relation to its interest in a joint operation:


   •       its assets, including its share of any assets held jointly;


   •       its liabilities, including its share of any liabilities incurred jointly;


   •       its revenue from the sale of its share of the output arising from the joint operation;


   •       its share of the revenue from the sale of the output by the joint operation; and


   •       its expenses, including its share of any expenses incurred jointly.


   The assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to the Group’s interest in a joint operation are accounted for in accordance
   with the HKFRSs applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.




                                                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                     145
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Business combinations and goodwill
       Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at the acquisition
       date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the
       Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree.
       For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at
       the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at
       fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


       The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an input and a
       substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.


       When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and
       designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date.
       This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.


       If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its acquisition date fair value
       and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.


       Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Contingent
       consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.
       Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.


       Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount recognised
       for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable
       net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net
       assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.


       After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is tested for impairment
       annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Group
       performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in
       a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-
       generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or
       liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.


       Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units) to
       which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units) is less than
       the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent
       period.


       Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of the operation within
       that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation
       when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative
       value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
146   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Fair value measurement
   The Group measures its investment properties, derivative financial instruments and equity investments at fair value at the end
   of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
   transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that
   the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the
   absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous
   market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market
   participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.


   A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic benefits by
   using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and
   best use.


   The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to
   measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.


   All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair value
   hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:


   Level 1     –     based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities


   Level 2     –     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is
                     observable, either directly or indirectly


   Level 3     –     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is
                     unobservable

   For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers
   have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to
   the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.


   Impairment of non-financial assets
   Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for a non-financial asset is required (other than
   inventories, contract assets, deferred tax assets, investment properties and non-current assets/a disposal group classified as held for
   sale), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating
   unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not
   generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable
   amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.


   In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters
   building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise,
   to the smallest group of cash-generating units.


   An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use,
   the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
   assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit
   or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.




                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          147
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Impairment of non-financial assets (Continued)
       An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously recognised
       impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A
       previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates
       used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have
       been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A
       reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.


       Related parties
       A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


       (a)     the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


               (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


               (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


               (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


       or


       (b)     the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


               (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


               (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the
                        other entity);


               (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


               (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;


               (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to
                        the Group;


               (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


               (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                        personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


               (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the
                        Group or to the parent of the Group.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
148   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
   Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any
   impairment losses. When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified as held for sale or when it is part of a disposal
   group classified as held for sale, it is not depreciated and is accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 5, as further explained in the
   accounting policy for “Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale”. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment
   comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its
   intended use.


   Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and maintenance,
   is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition
   criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement.
   Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts
   as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.


   Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment to its
   residual value over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment are as follows:


   Buildings                                                                                                            2 to 50 years
   Plant and machinery                                                                                                  3 to 20 years
   Office equipment                                                                                                     2 to 30 years
   Motor vehicles                                                                                                       2 to 10 years
   Leasehold improvements                                                         The shorter of the lease terms and their useful lives
   Freehold land                                                                                                     Not depreciated

   Depreciation of mining infrastructure included in property, plant and equipment is calculated using the units of production basis to
   write off the cost of the asset proportionately to the extraction of the proven and probable mineral reserves.


   Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated on a
   reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method
   are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.


   An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon disposal or when
   no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in the
   statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying
   amount of the relevant asset.


   Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is reclassified to the appropriate
   category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.




                                                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                     149
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Investment properties
       Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including right-of-use assets) held to earn rental income and/or for
       capital appreciation. Such properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,
       investment properties are stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at the end of the reporting period.


       Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in the statement of profit or loss in the
       year in which they arise.


       Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the
       year of the retirement or disposal.


       For a transfer from investment properties to owner-occupied properties or inventories, the deemed cost of a property for
       subsequent accounting is its fair value at the date of change in use. If a property occupied by the Group as an owner-occupied
       property becomes an investment property, the Group accounts for such property in accordance with the policy stated under
       “Property, plant and equipment and depreciation” for owned property and/or accounts for such property in accordance with
       the policy stated under “Right-of-use assets” for property held as a right-of-use asset up to the date of change in use, and
       any difference at that date between the carrying amount and the fair value of the property is accounted for as a revaluation in
       accordance with the policy stated under “Property, plant and equipment and depreciation” above. For a transfer from inventories
       to investment properties, any difference between the fair value of the property at that date and its previous carrying amount is
       recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


       Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
       Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered principally through
       a sales transaction rather than through continuing use. For this to be the case, the asset or disposal group must be available for
       immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for the sale of such assets or disposal
       groups and its sale must be highly probable. All assets and liabilities of a subsidiary classified as a disposal group are reclassified as
       held for sale regardless of whether the Group retains a non-controlling interest in its former subsidiary after the sale.


       Non-current assets and disposal groups (other than investment properties and financial assets) classified as held for sale are
       measured at the lower of their carrying amounts and fair values less costs to sell. Property, plant and equipment and intangible
       assets classified as held for sale are not depreciated or amortised.


       Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
       Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business
       combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or
       indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment
       whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method
       for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.


       Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-generating unit
       level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is reviewed annually to
       determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from
       indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
150   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (Continued)
   TRADEMARKS
   Trademarks with finite useful lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the straight-line basis over
   the respective estimated useful lives of not exceeding 30 years. Trademarks with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment
   annually either individually or at the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful lives of
   trademarks are reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the
   change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.


   MEDICINE LICENCES, TECHNICAL KNOW-HOW AND OPERATING CONCESSION RIGHTS
   Medicine licences and technical know-how with finite useful lives are measured initially at cost and are amortised on the straight-
   line basis over the respective estimated useful lives. Medicine licences, technical know-how and operating concession rights with
   indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible
   assets are not amortised. The useful lives of medicine licences, technical know-how and operating concession rights are reviewed
   annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the change in the useful life
   assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.


   PATENTS
   Purchased patents are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the straight-line basis over the respective
   estimated useful lives not exceeding 20 years.


   BUSINESS NETWORK
   Business network is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis over its estimated useful life
   of not exceeding 15 years.


   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS
   All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.


   Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can demonstrate the
   technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its
   ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the
   project and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development expenditure which does
   not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.


   Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the straight-line basis over the
   commercial lives of the underlying products, commencing from the date when the products are put into commercial production.


   CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP
   Customer relationship is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis over its estimated
   useful life of not exceeding 15 years.




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       151
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Exploration and evaluation assets
       FOR MINING RIGHTS
       Exploration and evaluation assets are stated at cost less impairment losses. Exploration and evaluation assets include topographical
       and geological surveys, exploratory drilling, sampling and trenching and activities in relation to commercial and technical feasibility
       studies, and expenditure incurred to secure further mineralisation in existing ore bodies and to expand the capacity of a mine.
       Expenditure incurred prior to accruing legal rights to explore an area is written off as incurred. When it can be reasonably
       ascertained that a mining property is capable of commercial production, exploration and evaluation costs are transferred to mining
       rights and are amortised on the units of production (“UOP”) method based on the proven and probable mineral reserves. If any
       project is abandoned during the evaluation stage, the total expenditure thereon will be written off.


       FOR OIL AND GAS ASSETS
       Exploration and evaluation expenditure in respect of each area of interest is accounted for using the successful efforts method of
       accounting. An area of interest refers to an individual geological area which is considered to constitute a favourable environment
       for the presence of an oil or gas field, usually represented by an individual oil or gas field.


       The successful efforts method requires all exploration and evaluation expenditure in relation to an area of interest to be expensed
       in the period it is incurred, except the costs of successful wells, the costs of acquiring interests in new exploration assets and pre-
       development costs where the rights to the tenure of the area of interest are current and the expenditure either:


       –       is expected to be recovered through sale or successful development and exploitation of the area of interest; or


       –       relates to an exploration discovery for which at balance date a reasonable assessment of the existence or otherwise of
               economically recoverable reserves is not yet completed, or additional appraisal work is underway or planned.


       Pending assessment of the results of a well, the costs are initially capitalised then expensed or remain capitalised, depending on
       a review of the results in accordance with successful efforts accounting criteria. When an oil or gas field has been approved for
       development, the accumulated exploration and evaluation costs are transferred to oil and gas assets.


       Mining rights
       Mining rights are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses. Mining rights include the cost of
       acquiring mining licences, exploration and evaluation costs transferred from exploration rights and assets upon determination that
       an exploration property is capable of commercial production, and the cost of acquiring interests in the mining reserves of existing
       mining properties. The mining rights are amortised over the estimated useful lives of the mines, in accordance with the production
       plans of the entities concerned and the proven and probable reserves of the mines using the UOP method. Mining rights are
       written off to the consolidated statement of profit or loss if the mining property is abandoned.


       Oil and gas assets
       Development expenditure is stated at cost less accumulated depletion and any impairment in value. Where commercial production
       in an area of interest has commenced, the associated costs together with any forecast future capital expenditure necessary to
       develop proved and probable reserves are amortised over the estimated economic life of the field, on a unit-of-production basis.
       Costs are amortised only once production begins. Changes in factors such as estimates of proved and probable reserves that affect
       UOP calculations do not give rise to prior year financial period adjustments and are dealt with on a prospective basis.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
152   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Leases
   The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the
   contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.


   GROUP AS A LESSEE
   The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-
   value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the
   underlying assets.


   (A)    RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
          Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying asset is available
          for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and
          adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities
          recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease
          incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the
          estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:


          Leasehold land                                                                                                 20 to 50 years
          Buildings                                                                                                       1 to 48 years
          Machinery                                                                                                       1 to 10 years
          Furniture, fixtures and other equipment                                                                          1 to 5 years

          If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a
          purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.


          When the right-of-use assets relate to interests in leasehold land held as inventories, they are subsequently measured at the
          lower of cost and net realisable value in accordance with the Group’s policy for “inventories”. When a right-of-use asset
          meets the definition of investment property, it is included in investment properties. The corresponding right-of-use asset is
          initially measured at cost, and subsequently measured at fair value, in accordance with the Group’s policy for “investment
          properties”.


   (B)    LEASE LIABILITIES
          Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to be made
          over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease
          incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under
          residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be
          exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising
          the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as
          an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.


          In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease
          commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement
          date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments
          made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease
          term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a
          change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.


          The Group’s lease liabilities are included in accrued liabilities and other payables and other long term payables.




                                                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                      153
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Leases (Continued)
       GROUP AS A LESSEE (Continued)
       (C)     SHORT-TERM LEASES AND LEASES OF LOW-VALUE ASSETS
               The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and equipment (that
               is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase
               option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value assets to leases of vehicles, furniture, laptop
               computers and telephones that are considered to be of low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-
               value assets are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


       GROUP AS A LESSOR
       When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its leases as either an
       operating lease or a finance lease.


       Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified
       as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the
       contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis
       over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs
       incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over
       the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are
       earned.


       Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee are
       accounted for as finance leases.


       Investments and other financial assets
       INITIAL RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
       Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other
       comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.


       The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics and
       the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing
       component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing
       component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value
       through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the
       Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with
       the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.


       In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income,
       it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding.
       Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the
       business model.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
154   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
   INITIAL RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT (Continued)
   The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash
   flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial
   assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to
   hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through
   other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows
   and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value
   through profit or loss.


   Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or
   convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the
   asset.


   SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT
   The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTISED COST (DEBT INSTRUMENTS)
   Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to impairment.
   Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.


   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (DEBT INVESTMENTS)
   For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange revaluation and
   impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and computed in the same manner as for financial
   assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon
   derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in other comprehensive income is recycled to the statement of profit or
   loss.


   FINANCIAL ASSETS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (EQUITY INVESTMENTS)
   Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments designated at
   fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under HKAS 32 Financial Instruments:
   Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.

   Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are recognised as other
   income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, except when the Group benefits from
   such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in other comprehensive
   income. Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.


   ASSETS HELD UNDER REVERSE REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS
   The amounts advanced under these agreements are recognised and presented as “financial assets held under reverse repurchase
   agreements”. The Group may not take physical possession of assets purchased under such agreements. The difference between
   the purchasing price and reselling price is recognised as interest income over the term of the agreement using the effective interest
   method.




                                                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                      155
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
       SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT (Continued)
       The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows: (Continued)


       FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net changes in
       fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


       This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at
       fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on the equity investments are also recognised as other income in the
       statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.


       A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the host and accounted
       for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to the host; a separate instrument with
       the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured
       at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the
       statement of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly
       modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value through
       profit or loss category.


       A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for separately. The financial asset
       host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit
       or loss.


       Derecognition of financial assets
       A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily
       derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:


       •       the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


       •       the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received
               cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group
               has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained
               substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.


       When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it
       evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor
       retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise
       the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated
       liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the
       Group has retained.


       Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original
       carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
156   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Impairment of financial assets
   The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit
   or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash
   flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash
   flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual
   terms.


   GENERAL APPROACH
   ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since
   initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a
   12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a
   loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default
   (a lifetime ECL).


   At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
   recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at
   the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers
   reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking
   information. The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than
   30 days past due.


   The Group considers a financial asset in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive
   the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.


   A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.


   Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost are subject to
   impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for
   trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.


   Stage 1       –   Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for which
                     the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs


   Stage 2       –   Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are not
                     credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


   Stage 3       –   Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated credit-
                     impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

   SIMPLIFIED APPROACH
   For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the
   practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach
   in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss
   allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical
   credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.


   For trade receivables and contract assets that contain a significant financing component and lease receivables, the Group chooses
   as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with policies as described above.




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       157
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Financial liabilities
       INITIAL RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
       Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and
       borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.


       All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly
       attributable transaction costs.


       The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and notes payables, accrued liabilities and other payables, due to the holding
       company, due to related companies, other long term payables, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, financial liabilities
       at fair value through profit or loss, derivative financial instruments, due to banks and other financial institutions, deposits from
       customers, accounts payable to brokerage clients, placements from banks and other financial institutions and assets sold under
       agreements to repurchase.


       SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT
       The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


       FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated
       upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.


       Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This
       category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in
       hedge relationships as defined by HKFRS 9. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are
       designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit
       or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these
       financial liabilities.


       Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the initial date of
       recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or losses on liabilities designated at fair value through profit or
       loss are recognised in the statement of profit or loss, except for the gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk which
       are presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to the statement of profit or loss. The net fair
       value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.


       FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT AMORTISED COST (TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES, AND BORROWINGS
       After initial recognition, trade and other payables, and interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost,
       using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at
       cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the
       effective interest rate amortisation process.


       Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral
       part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or
       loss.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
158   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Financial liabilities (Continued)
   SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT (Continued)
   The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows: (Continued)


   ASSETS SOLD UNDER AGREEMENTS TO REPURCHASE
   Assets sold under repurchase agreements continue to be recognised but a liability is recognised and presented as “assets sold under
   agreements to repurchase” for the proceeds from selling such assets. The Group may be required to provide additional collateral
   based on the fair value of the underlying assets and such non-cash collateral assets continue to be recognised on the balance sheet.
   The difference between the selling price and repurchasing price is recognised as interest expense over the term of the agreement
   using the effective interest method.


   FINANCIAL GUARANTEE CONTRACTS
   Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be made to reimburse the
   holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt
   instrument. A financial guarantee contract is recognised initially as a liability at its fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are
   directly attributable to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group measures the financial guarantee
   contracts at the higher of: (i) the ECL allowance determined in accordance with the policy as set out in “Impairment of financial
   assets”; and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised.


   Derecognition of financial liabilities
   A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.


   When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an
   existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability
   and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of
   profit or loss.


   Offsetting of financial instruments
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position if there is a
   currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the
   assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.




                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          159
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
       INITIAL RECOGNITION AND SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT
       The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts and interest rate swaps, to hedge its foreign
       currency risk and interest rate risk, respectively. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the
       date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets
       when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative.


       Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are taken directly to the statement of profit or loss, except for
       the effective portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in other comprehensive income and later reclassified to profit or loss
       when the hedged item affects profit or loss.


       For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:


       •       fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or an
               unrecognised firm commitment; or


       •       cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable to a particular risk
               associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction, or a foreign currency risk in an
               unrecognised firm commitment; or


       •       hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.


       As HKFRS 9 includes an accounting policy choice to remain with hedge accounting under HKAS 39. The Group elected to continue
       to apply hedge accounting in accordance with HKAS 39.


       At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which the Group
       wishes to apply hedge accounting, the risk management objective and its strategy for undertaking the hedge.


       The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being
       hedged and how the Group will assess the hedging instrument’s effectiveness of changes in the hedging instrument’s fair value in
       offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Such hedges are
       expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows and are assessed on an ongoing basis to
       determine that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for which they were designated.


       Hedges which meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as follows:


       FAIR VALUE HEDGES
       The change in the fair value of a hedging instrument is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as other expenses
       or other income. The change in the fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk hedged is recorded as a part of the
       carrying amount of the hedged item and is also recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as other expenses or
       other income.


       For fair value hedges relating to items carried at amortised cost, the adjustment to carrying value is amortised through the
       consolidated statement of profit or loss over the remaining term of the hedge using the effective interest rate method. Effective
       interest rate amortisation may begin as soon as an adjustment exists and shall begin no later than when the hedged item ceases to
       be adjusted for changes in its fair value attributable to the risk being hedged. If the hedged item is derecognised, the unamortised
       fair value is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
160   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (Continued)
   INITIAL RECOGNITION AND SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT (Continued)
   FAIR VALUE HEDGES (Continued)
   When an unrecognised firm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent cumulative change in the fair value of the
   firm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is recognised as an asset or liability with a corresponding gain or loss recognised
   in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are also recognised in the
   consolidated statement of profit or loss.


   CASH FLOW HEDGES
   The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised directly in other comprehensive income in the
   cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the statement of profit or loss. The cash flow
   hedge reserve is adjusted to the lower of the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument and the cumulative change in fair
   value of the hedged item.


   Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income are transferred to the statement of profit or loss when the hedged transaction
   affects profit or loss, such as when hedged financial income or financial expense is recognised or when a forecast sale occurs.
   Where the hedged item is the cost of a non-financial asset or non-financial liability, the amounts recognised in other comprehensive
   income are transferred to the initial carrying amount of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability.


   If cash flow hedge accounting is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in other comprehensive income must remain
   in accumulated other comprehensive income if the hedged future cash flows are still expected to occur. Otherwise, the amount will
   be immediately reclassified to the statement of profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment. After the discontinuation, once the
   hedged cash flow occurs, any amount remaining in accumulated other comprehensive income is accounted for depending on the
   nature of the underlying transaction as described above.

   HEDGES OF A NET INVESTMENT
   Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation, including a hedge of a monetary item that is accounted for as part of the net
   investment, are accounted for in a similar way to cash flow hedges. Gains or losses on the hedging instrument relating to the
   effective portion of the hedge are recognised in other comprehensive income while any gains or losses relating to the ineffective
   portion are recognised in the statement of profit or loss. On disposal of the foreign operation, the cumulative value of any such
   gains or losses recorded in equity is transferred to the statement of profit or loss.


   Treasury shares
   Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are recognised directly
   in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or
   cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.


   Inventories
   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted average basis and, in the
   case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads.
   Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.




                                                                                                      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                    161
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Properties under development
       Properties under development are stated at cost which includes all development expenditures, including land costs, construction
       costs, borrowing costs and other costs directly attributable to such properties during the development period.


       Properties under development are classified as current assets unless the construction period of the relevant property development
       project is expected to complete beyond the normal operating cycle.


       Properties under development are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value at the end of each reporting period and any
       excess of cost over the net realisable value of an individual item of properties under development is accounted for as a provision.
       Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business as determined by management with
       reference to the prevailing market conditions, less further costs expected to be incurred to completion and selling and marketing
       costs.


       Completed properties for sale
       Completed properties for sale are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at the lower of cost and net
       realisable value. Net realisable value is estimated by the directors based on the prevailing market conditions. Cost is determined
       by an apportionment of the total costs of land and buildings attributable to the unsold properties. Any excess of cost over the net
       realisable value of an individual item of completed properties for sale is accounted for as a provision.


       Cash and cash equivalents
       Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks, and short-term highly liquid
       deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, subject to an
       insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments.


       For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks,
       and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the
       Group’s cash management.


       Provisions
       A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it is probable
       that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the
       amount of the obligation. When the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example, under an insurance
       contract, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense
       relating to a provision is presented in the statement of profit or loss net of any reimbursement.


       When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of the reporting
       period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the discounted present value
       amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.


       The Group provides for warranties in relation to the sale of certain industrial products and the provision of construction services
       for general repairs of defects occurring during the warranty period. Provisions for these assurance-type warranties granted by the
       Group are initially recognised based on sales volume and past experience of the level of repairs and returns, discounted to their
       present values as appropriate. The warranty-related cost is revised annually.


       A contingent liability recognised in a business combination is initially measured at its fair value. Subsequently, it is measured at the
       higher of (i) the amount that would be recognised in accordance with the general policy for provisions above; and (ii) the amount
       initially recognised less, when appropriate, the amount of income recognised in accordance with the policy for revenue recognition.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
162   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Income tax
   Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside
   profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


   Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities,
   based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into
   consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.


   Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period between the tax
   bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes, except that deferred tax is not recognised
   for the Pillar Two income taxes.


   Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


   •       when the deferred tax liabilities arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is
           not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or
           loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and


   •       in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, when
           the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences
           will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


   Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and any
   unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against
   which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised,
   except:


   •       when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition of an
           asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
           accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;
           and


   •       in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures,
           deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the
           foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.


   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it
   is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised.
   Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has
   become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.


   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised
   or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
   reporting period.


   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off current
   tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same
   taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities
   and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant
   amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.




                                                                                                            FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          163
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Government grants
       Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all
       attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic
       basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.


       Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to the consolidated
       statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments.


       Revenue recognition
       REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
       Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the customers at an
       amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.


       When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to which the Group will
       be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract
       inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
       recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.


       When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing the transfer
       of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable,
       discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the
       customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant
       financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the
       contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and
       the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant
       financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.


       (A)     SALE OF GOODS
               Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to the customer,
               generally on delivery of the goods.


       (B)     SALES OF PROPERTIES
               Revenues are recognised when or as the control of the asset is transferred to the purchaser. Depending on the terms of the
               contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the asset may transfer over time or at a point in time. Control
               of the asset is transferred over time if the Group’s performance:


               •       provides benefits which are received and consumed simultaneously by the purchaser; or


               •       creates and enhances an asset that the purchaser controls as the Group performs; or


               •       does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment
                       for performance completed to date.


               If control of the asset transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by reference to the progress
               towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the
               purchaser obtains control of the asset.


               The progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured based on the Group’s efforts or
               inputs to the satisfaction of the performance obligation, by reference to the contract costs incurred up to the end of each
               reporting period as a percentage of total estimated costs for each contract.



      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
164   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Revenue recognition (Continued)
   REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (Continued)
   (B)    SALES OF PROPERTIES (Continued)
          For property development and sales contracts for which the control of the property is transferred at a point in time, revenue
          is recognised when the purchaser obtains the physical possession or the legal title of the completed property and the Group
          has a present right to payment and the collection of the consideration is probable.


   (C)    RENDERING SERVICES
          The revenue is recognised when the relevant services are rendered and the customer simultaneously receives and consumes
          the benefits provided by the entity’s performance as the entity performs.


   REVENUE FROM OTHER SOURCES
   (A)    INSURANCE REVENUE
          The Group recognizes insurance revenue as it provides insurance contract services under groups of insurance contracts. The
          Group’s classification and measurement of insurance contracts is explained in Note 2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES –
          Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held.


   (B)    INTEREST INCOME
          Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly
          discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when
          appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


   (C)    DIVIDEND INCOME
          Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is probable that the
          economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured
          reliably.


   (D)    RENTAL INCOME
          Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that do not depend
          on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are incurred.


   Contract assets
   If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally entitled to the consideration
   under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional. Contract assets are subject
   to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting policies for impairment of financial assets. They are
   reclassified to trade receivables when the right to the consideration becomes unconditional.


   Right-of-return assets
   A right-of-return asset is recognised for the right to recover the goods expected to be returned by customers. The asset is measured
   at the former carrying amount of the goods to be returned, less any expected costs to recover the goods and any potential
   decreases in the value of the returned goods. The Group updates the measurement of the asset for any revisions to the expected
   level of returns and any additional decreases in the value of the returned goods.




                                                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                      165
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Contract liabilities
       A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer before the
       Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the
       contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).


       Contract costs
       Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, costs incurred to
       fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:


       (a)     The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.


       (b)     The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy) performance
               obligations in the future.


       (c)     The costs are expected to be recovered.


       The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent
       with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. Other contract costs are expensed as incurred.


       Share-based payments
       The Company and certain subsidiaries of the Group operate share incentive schemes and a share option scheme. Employees
       (including directors) receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees (including directors) render
       services in exchange for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees
       is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer
       using the binomial option pricing model, further details of which are given in note 58 to the financial statements.


       The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense and capitalised employee benefit expenses,
       together with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled.
       The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects
       the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will
       ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative
       expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.


       Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair value of awards,
       but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments
       that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions
       attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting
       conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service
       and/or performance conditions.


       For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not been met, no expense
       is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of
       whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.


       Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the terms had not been
       modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised for any modification that increases the
       total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
166   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Share-based payments (Continued)
   Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet
   recognised for the award is recognised immediately. This includes any award where non-vesting conditions within the control of
   either the Group or the employee are not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated
   as a replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of
   the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.

   The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of earnings per share.


   Other employee benefits
   The Group provides the post-employment benefits mainly as follows: (i) defined contribution pension schemes for all employees
   of the companies in Chinese Mainland; (ii) employee benefits to qualified former employees (“Qualified SOE Employees”) and
   qualified retirees (“Qualified Retirees”) of former state-owned enterprises in Chinese Mainland; (iii) a pension scheme for all eligible
   employees of the companies in Hong Kong; (iv) accommodation benefits for all eligible employees of the companies in Chinese
   Mainland, details of which are set out below; (v) employee benefits to all eligible employees of the subsidiaries in Portugal; and (vi)
   employee benefits to all eligible employees of the subsidiary in France.

   (I)     DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PENSION SCHEMES
          The full-time employees of the companies in Chinese Mainland, other than Qualified SOE Employees and Qualified Retirees
          of former state-owned enterprises (“Former SOEs”) as set out below, are covered by various government-regulated
          defined contribution retirement benefit schemes under which the employees are entitled to a monthly pension. The Group
          contributes a percentage of the employees’ salaries to these retirement benefit schemes on a monthly basis. Under these
          schemes, the Group has no legal obligation for retirement benefits beyond the contributions made. Contributions to these
          schemes are expensed as incurred.

   (II)    OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFITS TO QUALIFIED SOE EMPLOYEES AND QUALIFIED RETIREES
          The Group took over Qualified SOE Employees and Qualified Retirees from the Former SOEs upon the Group’s acquisition
          of the Former SOEs in Chinese Mainland. A liability in respect of the retirement benefits of Qualified SOE Employees and
          Qualified Retirees was taken over by the Group from the former parent company of the Former SOEs upon taking up
          Qualified SOE Employees and Qualified Retirees. All the following retirement benefits are covered by the abovementioned
          liability taken over and the details of the retirement benefits are as follows:

          QUALIFIED SOE EMPLOYEES
          The Qualified SOE Employees consist of two different categories of employees:

          (a)     Qualified SOE Employees being made redundant by the Former SOEs before their statutory retirement age prior to
                  the Group’s acquisition of the Former SOEs

                  The Former SOEs paid basic salary and social benefit funds on a monthly basis to these Qualified SOE Employees
                  until they reach their statutory retirement age as stipulated by the State Regulations. The Group is required to
                  continue paying such monthly payments to these redundant Qualified SOE Employees until they reach their statutory
                  retirement age as stipulated by the State Regulations.

          (b)     Qualified SOE Employees not being made redundant by the Former SOEs before their statutory retirement age prior
                  to the Group’s acquisition of the Former SOEs and entering into new employment contracts with the Group upon
                  acquisition of the Former SOEs by the Group

                  The Former SOEs implemented early retirement plans for these Qualified SOE employees. The benefits of the early
                  retirement plans of the Qualified SOE Employees were calculated based on factors including the number of years of
                  qualified service with the Former SOEs, salary amount and other agreed terms for Qualified SOE Employees upon the
                  Group’s acquisition of the Former SOEs. The Group is required to pay these Qualified SOE Employees a redundancy
                  payment if they opt for early retirement or are made redundant by the Group before their statutory retirement age
                  as stipulated by the State Regulations. These Qualified SOE Employees are not entitled to early retirement benefits
                  upon reaching their statutory retirement age.




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       167
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Other employee benefits (Continued)
       (II)    OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFITS TO QUALIFIED SOE EMPLOYEES AND QUALIFIED RETIREES (Continued)
               QUALIFIED RETIREES
               The Former SOEs also provided post-retirement benefits to their employees who were not covered by various government-
               regulated defined contribution retirement benefit schemes under which the employees are entitled to a monthly pension.
               Upon being acquired by the Group, the Former SOEs had certain Qualified Retirees to whom the Former SOEs had an
               obligation to pay a fixed amount on a monthly basis until their death, where the Group is required to continue paying such
               monthly payments to these Qualified Retirees. The post-retirement benefits of Qualified Retirees were calculated based on
               the monthly pension multiplied by an estimated life expectancy of Qualified Retirees.


               The Group recognises the liability taken over as a non-current liability at initial recognition, and subsequent payments of
               the retirement benefits to Qualified SOE Employees and Qualified Retirees are debited against the non-current liability.
               Payments are made by the Group to Qualified SOE Employees and Qualified Retirees, but the use of the fund is monitored
               and supervised jointly by the former parent company of the Former SOEs and the union. Except for the payment of the
               retirement benefits of the Qualified SOE Employees and the Qualified Retirees, the fund cannot be used for any other
               purpose including the transfer to the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss or reserve without the joint approval
               from the former parent company of the Former SOEs, the union and the Municipal Labour & Social Security Bureau. The
               most recent actuarial valuation of the present value of the Qualified Retirees was carried out on December 31, 2023 by
               Towers Watson Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., a fellow member of the Institute of Actuaries of China and is fully qualified
               under the Chinese laws and regulations, using projected unit credit method. The key actuarial assumptions adopted in
               the actuary report are discount rate, mortality rate, annual increase rate of the basic salary, annual increase rate of social
               insurance and housing fund company contributions and percentage of eligible actives that will actually be internal retirees.
               The Group has no plan assets for Qualified Retirees. As such, there does not exist any significant surplus or deficiency as
               shown by the market value of the plan assets, the contribution level expressed in percentage on the day of assessment or
               valuation.


       (III)   PENSION SCHEME FOR ALL ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES OF THE COMPANIES IN HONG KONG
               The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF Scheme”)
               under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all employees of the companies in Hong Kong who are eligible
               to participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are
               charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF
               Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund.
               The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.


       (IV)    ACCOMMODATION BENEFITS FOR ALL ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES OF THE COMPANIES IN CHINESE MAINLAND
               According to the relevant People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) rules and regulations, the PRC companies now comprising
               the Group and their employees are each required to make contributions which are in proportion to the salaries and wages
               of the employees to an accommodation fund administered by the government agencies in the PRC. There is no further
               obligation on the part of the Group except for such contributions to the accommodation fund. Contributions to an
               accommodation fund administrated by a government agency are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as
               and when they are incurred.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
168   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Other employee benefits (Continued)
   (V)    EMPLOYEE BENEFITS TO ALL ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES OF THE SUBSIDIARIES IN PORTUGAL
          As per the collective labour agreement in force at the time for the insurance activity, the companies in Portugal undertook
          the commitment to make cash payments to complement the retirement pensions paid by the social security services to
          the employees hired prior to 22 June 1995, the date when the labour agreement became effective. These payments
          corresponded to a percentage, which grew with the number of years of employment, applied to the table of salaries in
          force at the date of retirement.


          Following the new labour agreement for the insurance activity, signed at 23 December 2011, the previous defined
          benefit pension plan was replaced, regarding workers actively employed, effective 1 January 2012, with a plan of defined
          contributions, with the current value of liabilities for services rendered at 31 December 2011 being transferred to the
          individual account of each participant. This change has not been applied to pensions due to workers who were retired or
          pre-retired at 31 December 2011, or to employees who did not sign up to the current collective employment agreement.


          In addition, the former Império Bonança also committed itself to providing whole life medical assistance benefits to those in
          retirement or pre-retirement who had switched to that status between June 1998 and July 2005.


          Contributions by the companies in Portugal to the defined contribution plan are made in accordance with the rules set forth
          in the collective labour agreement, and recorded as an expense in the period they are due as a charge to administrative
          expenses.


   (VI)   EMPLOYEE BENEFITS TO ALL ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES OF THE SUBSIDIARY IN FRANCE
          All eligible employees of the subsidiary in France receive certain short-term benefits, such as vacation pay, “13th month”
          bonuses, sick leave, health insurance, and unemployment insurance in France.


          The post-employment benefit plans of the subsidiary in France are based on legal obligations in each host country and on
          its subsidiaries’ compensation policies. Long-term benefit plans include both defined contribution and defined benefit plans.


          (A)    DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
                 Under defined contribution plans, the subsidiary in France pays contributions to an external fund that is responsible
                 for paying the benefits. The payment of contributions releases the employer of its further obligation towards his
                 employees. The main defined contribution plans consist of government-sponsored basic and supplementary pension
                 plans in Europe and defined-contribution pension plans in North America.


                 Contributions to all of these plans are recognised as an expense for the period in which they are due.


          (B)    DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
                 Under defined benefit plans, the subsidiary in France has an obligation to pay benefits to employees either at
                 the end of their employment or during their retirement. The defined benefit plans of the subsidiary in France are
                 unfunded and are covered by provisions recorded in the financial statements.


                 The main defined benefit plans of the subsidiary in France concern indemnities payable to employees on retirement
                 (France, Greece and Turkey) or when they leave the subsidiary in France (Italy and Japan). The most recent actuarial
                 valuations of the present value of the mainly defined benefit plans were carried out as at December 31, 2023 by
                 Willis Towers-Watson, a member of the Actuarial Society of France, using projected unit credit method. The key
                 actuarial assumptions adopted in the actuary report are discount rate and expected rate of salary increase. The
                 Group has no plan assets for the defined benefit plans of the subsidiary in France. As such, there does not exist any
                 significant surplus or deficiency as shown by the market value of the plan assets, the contribution level expressed in
                 percentage on the day of assessment or valuation.




                                                                                                      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                    169
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Borrowing costs
       Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e., assets that necessarily
       take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets.
       The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other
       borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an
       entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.


       Dividends
       Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting. Proposed final
       dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.


       Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles of association grant
       the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised immediately as a liability
       when they are proposed and declared.


       Foreign currencies
       The functional currencies of the Company and PRC subsidiaries are Hong Kong dollars (“HKD”) and RMB, respectively. The financial
       statements are presented in RMB. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the
       financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the
       entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
       Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling
       at the end of the reporting period.


       Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or
       loss with the exception of monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group’s net investment of a foreign
       operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income until the net investment is disposed of, at which time the
       cumulative amount is reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Tax charges and credits attributable to exchange
       differences on those monetary items are also recorded in other comprehensive income.


       Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates
       at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
       exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item
       measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation
       difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised
       in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).


       In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the derecognition of a non-
       monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of initial transaction is the date on which
       the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are
       multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance
       consideration.


       The functional currencies of the Company and its subsidiaries incorporated outside Chinese Mainland are currencies other than
       RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange
       rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the exchange
       rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in
       other comprehensive income and accumulated in the exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are
       attributable to non-controlling interests. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that
       particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
170   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Foreign currencies (Continued)
   Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and
   liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.


   For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are translated into RMB at the
   exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout
   the year are translated into RMB at the average exchange rates for the year.


   Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
   features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held
   (A)    CLASSIFICATION OF CONTRACTS
          Contracts under which the Group transfers significant insurance risk are classified as insurance contracts, while those
          contracts issued which have the legal form of insurance contracts but do not transfer significant insurance risk are classified
          as financial liabilities and are referred to as investment contracts. Some insurance and investment contracts have DPF, which
          may entitle the customer to receive, as a supplement to guaranteed benefits, additional non-guaranteed benefits, such as
          policyholder dividends or bonuses. The Group applies the same accounting policies for the recognition and measurement of
          obligations arising from investment contracts with DPF as it does for insurance contracts.


          In the event that a scenario (other than those lacking commercial substance) exists in which an insured event would require
          the Group to pay significant additional benefits to its customers and has a possibility of incurring a loss on a present value
          basis, the contract is considered as transferring significant insurance risk and is accounted for as an insurance contract
          issued. Reinsurance contracts held by the Group under which it transfers significant insurance risk related to underlying
          insurance contracts are classified as reinsurance contracts held. Insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held
          can also expose the Group to financial risk. For investment contracts that do not contain DPF, HKRS 9 Financial Instruments
          is applied. Once a contract has been classified as an insurance, reinsurance or investment contract with DPF, reclassification
          is not subsequently performed unless the terms of the agreement are later amended.


   (B)    SEPARATING COMPONENTS FROM INSURANCE CONTRACTS ISSUED AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD
          The Group assesses its insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held to determine whether they contain
          components which must be accounted for under another HKFRS rather than HKFRS 17 (distinct non insurance components).
          After separating any distinct components, an entity must apply HKFRS 17 to all remaining components of the insurance
          contract.


          At inception, the Group separates the following components from an insurance contract issued or a reinsurance contract
          held and accounts for them as if they were stand-alone financial instruments:


          •       derivatives embedded in the contract whose economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those
                  of the host contract, and whose terms would not meet the definition of an insurance contract as a stand-alone
                  instrument; and


          •       distinct investment components (unless the component is an investment contract with DPF) – i.e. investment
                  components that are not highly interrelated with the insurance components and for which contracts with equivalent
                  terms are sold, or could be sold, separately in the same market or the same jurisdiction.




                                                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                      171
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
       features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
       (B)     SEPARATING COMPONENTS FROM INSURANCE CONTRACTS ISSUED AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD
               (Continued)
               After separating any financial instrument components, the Group separates any promises to transfer distinct goods or
               services other than insurance coverage and investment services and accounts for them as separate contracts with customers
               (i.e. not as insurance contracts). A good or service is distinct if the policyholder can benefit from it either on its own or
               with other resources that are readily available to the policyholder. A good or service is not distinct and is accounted for
               together with the insurance component if the cash flows and risks associated with the good or service are highly inter-
               related with the cash flows and risks associated with the insurance component, and the Group provides a significant service
               of integrating the good or service with the insurance component.


       (C)     LEVEL OF AGGREGATION
               The Group identifies portfolios of insurance contracts. A portfolio comprises contracts subject to similar risks and managed
               together. The Group divides portfolios of insurance contracts into groups of insurance contracts and applies the recognition
               and measurement requirements to the groups of insurance contracts. Insurance contracts issued more than one year apart
               are not included in the same group. The Group determines the group to which contracts belong by considering individual
               contracts. If the Group has reasonable and supportable information to conclude that a set of contracts will all be in the
               same group, the Group may measure the set of contracts to determine the group.


               The Group divides a portfolio of insurance contracts issued into a minimum of:


               •       A group of contracts that are onerous at initial recognition;


               •       A group of contracts that at initial recognition have no significant possibility of becoming onerous subsequently;


               •       A group of the remaining contracts in the portfolio.


               The Group divides a portfolio of reinsurance contracts held into a minimum of:


               •       A group of contracts on which there is a net gain on initial recognition;


               •       A group of contracts that have no significant possibility of a net gain arising subsequent to initial recognition;


               •       A group of the remaining contracts in the portfolio.


       (D)     RECOGNITION
               The Group recognises groups of insurance contracts that it issues from the earliest of the following:


               •       The beginning of the coverage period of the group of contracts;


               •       The date when the first payment from a policyholder in the group is due, or when the first payment is received if
                       there is no due date;


               •       For a group of onerous contracts, as soon as facts and circumstances indicate that the group is onerous.


               The Group recognizes a group of reinsurance contracts held from the earlier of the following:


               •       the beginning of the coverage period of the group of reinsurance contracts held; and


               •       the date the Group recognizes an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts.


      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
172   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
   features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
   (D)   RECOGNITION (Continued)
         If a group of reinsurance contracts held provide proportionate coverage, the Group recognizes such group of reinsurance
         contracts held from the earlier of the following:


         •      the later date of the beginning of the coverage period of the group of reinsurance contracts held and the date that
                any underlying insurance contract is initially recognised; and


         •      the date the Group recognizes an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts.


   (E)   FULFILMENT CASH FLOWS
         Fulfilment cash flows comprise:


         •      estimates of future cash flows;


         •      an adjustment to reflect the time value of money and the financial risks related to future cash flows; and


         •      a risk adjustment for non-financial risk.


   (F)   CONTRACT BOUNDARY
         The measurement of a group of contracts includes all of the future cash flows within the boundary of each contract in the
         group, determined as follows.


         Cash flows are within the boundary of a contract if they arise from substantive rights and obligations that exist during
         the reporting period under which the insurer (reinsurer) can compel the policyholder (cedant) to pay premiums or has a
         substantive obligation to provide insurance contract services.


         A substantive obligation to provide insurance contract services ends when:


         •      the insurer (reinsurer) has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the particular policyholder (cedant) and can set
                a price or level of benefits that fully reflects those reassessed risks; or


         •      the insurer (reinsurer) has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the portfolio that contains the contract and
                can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects the risks of that portfolio; and the pricing of the premiums for
                coverage up to the reassessment date does not take into account risks that relate to periods after the reassessment
                date.


   (G)   INSURANCE ACQUISITION CASH FLOWS
         The Group recognizes an asset for insurance acquisition cash flows paid or payable before the related group of insurance
         contracts is recognised. The Group allocates insurance acquisition cash flows to groups of insurance contracts using
         a systematic and rational method. Insurance acquisition cash flows are cash flows arising from the costs of selling,
         underwriting and starting a group of insurance contracts (issued or expected to be issued) that are directly attributable to
         the portfolio of insurance contracts to which the group belongs. The Group derecognizes an asset for insurance acquisition
         cash flows when the insurance acquisition cash flows are included in the measurement of the related group of insurance
         contracts. At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses the recoverability of an asset for insurance acquisition
         cash flows if facts and circumstances indicate the asset may be impaired. If the Group identifies an impairment loss, the
         Group adjusts the carrying amount of the asset and recognizes the impairment loss in profit or loss. The Group recognizes
         in profit or loss a reversal of some or all of an impairment loss previously recognised and increase the carrying amount of
         the asset, to the extent that the impairment conditions no longer exist or have improved.



                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       173
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
       features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
       (H)     MEASUREMENT – INSURANCE CONTRACTS NOT MEASURED UNDER THE PAA
               INITIAL MEASUREMENT
               On initial recognition, the Group measures a group of contracts as the total of: (a) the fulfilment cash flows and (b) the
               CSM.


               The measurement of the fulfilment cash flows of a group of contracts does not reflect the Group’s non-performance risk.


               The risk adjustment for non-financial risk for a group of contracts, determined separately from the other estimates, is
               the compensation required for bearing uncertainty about the amount and timing of the cash flows that arises from non-
               financial risk.


               The CSM of a group of contracts represents the unearned profit that the Group will recognise as it provides services under
               those contracts. On initial recognition of a group of contracts, if the total of the fulfilment cash flows, any cash flows
               arising at that date and any amount arising from the derecognition of any assets or liabilities previously recognised for
               cash flows related to the group (including assets for insurance acquisition cash flows) is a net inflow, then the group is not
               onerous. In this case, the CSM is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no income
               or expenses arising on initial recognition.


               If the total is a net outflow, then the group is onerous. In this case, the net outflow is recognised as a loss in profit or
               loss. A loss component is created to depict the amount of the net cash outflows, which determines the amounts that are
               subsequently presented in profit or loss as reversals of losses on onerous groups and are excluded from insurance revenue.


               SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT
               The carrying amount of a group of insurance contracts at each reporting date is the sum of the liability for remaining
               coverage (LRC) and the liability for incurred claims (LIC). The LRC comprises (a) the fulfilment cash flows that relate to
               services that will be provided under the contracts in future periods and (b) any remaining CSM at that date. The LIC
               includes the fulfilment cash flows for incurred claims and expenses that have not yet been paid, including claims that have
               been incurred but not yet reported.


               The fulfilment cash flows of groups of contracts are measured at the reporting date using current estimates of future cash
               flows, current discount rates and current estimates of the risk adjustment for non-financial risk. Changes in fulfilment cash
               flows are recognised as follows:


               •       Changes relating to future services are adjusted against the CSM (or recognised in the insurance service result in
                       profit or loss if the group is onerous);


               •       Changes relating to current or past services are recognised in the insurance service result in profit or loss; and


               •       Effects of the time value of money, financial risk and changes therein on estimated future cash flows are recognised
                       as insurance finance income or expenses, except that such effects on the variable fees are adjusted against CSM (or
                       recognised in profit or loss if the group is onerous) for insurance contracts with direct participation features.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
174   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
   features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
   (H)   MEASUREMENT – INSURANCE CONTRACTS NOT MEASURED UNDER THE PAA (Continued)
         SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT (Continued)
         The CSM of each group of contracts is calculated at each reporting date as follows.


         Insurance contracts without direct participation features
         The carrying amount of the CSM at each reporting date is the carrying amount at the start of the reporting period, adjusted
         mainly for:


         •      the CSM of any new contracts that are added to the group in the period;


         •      interest accreted on the carrying amount of the CSM during the period, measured at the discount rates determined
                on initial recognition that are applied to nominal cash flows that do not vary based on the returns on underlying
                items;


         •      changes in fulfilment cash flows that relate to future services, except to the extent that:


                i)      any increases in the fulfilment cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the CSM, in which case the excess
                        is recognised in insurance service expenses and recognised as a loss component in LRC; or


                ii)     any decreases in the fulfilment cash flows adjust the loss component in the LRC and the corresponding
                        amount is recognised in insurance service expenses. If the loss component is reduced to zero, the excess
                        reinstates the CSM;


         •      the effect of any currency exchange differences on the CSM; and


         •      the amount recognised as insurance revenue for service provided in the period, which is determined by identifying
                the coverage units in the group, allocating the CSM remaining at the end of the reporting period (before any
                allocation) equally to each coverage unit provided in the current period and expected to be provided in future
                periods, and recognising in profit or loss the amount of the CSM allocated to coverage units provided in the current
                period. The number of coverage units is the quantity of services provided by the contracts in the group, determined
                considering for each contract the quantity of benefits provided and its expected coverage period.


         •      For a group of contracts that is onerous at the start of a reporting period and becomes profitable subsequently that
                CSM is recognised during the reporting period, the total amount of recognised CSM is released to profit or loss if
                there are no more future coverage units.


         Changes in fulfilment cash flows that relate to future services mainly comprise:


         •      experience adjustments arising from premiums received in the period that relate to future services and related cash
                flows, measured at the discount rates determined on initial recognition;


         •      changes in estimates of the present value of future cash flows in the LRC, measured at the discount rates
                determined on initial recognition, except for those that relate to the effects of the time value of money, financial
                risk and changes therein;


         •      differences between (a) any investment component expected to become payable in the period, determined as the
                payment expected at the start of the period plus any insurance finance income or expenses related to that expected
                payment before it becomes payable; and (b) the actual amount that becomes payable in the period;



                                                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                     175
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
       features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
       (H)     MEASUREMENT – INSURANCE CONTRACTS NOT MEASURED UNDER THE PAA (Continued)
               SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT (Continued)
               Insurance contracts without direct participation features (Continued)
               •       differences between (a) any loan to a policyholder expected to become repayable in the period, determined as
                       the repayment expected at the start of the period plus any insurance finance income or expenses related to that
                       expected repayment before it becomes repayable; and (b) the actual amount that becomes repayable in the period;
                       and


               •       changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk that relate to future services.


               To determine how to identify a change in discretionary cash flows, the basis is specified at inception of the contract.
               Changes in cash flows arising from the Group’s discretion are regarded as relating to future services and accordingly adjust
               the CSM, these cash flows are determined based on the relevant contract terms, dividend and bonus philosophy.


               Insurance contracts with direct participation features
               Contracts with direct participation features are contracts under which the Group’s obligation to the policyholder is the net
               of:


               •       the obligation to pay the policyholder an amount equal to the fair value of the underlying items; and


               •       a variable fee in exchange for future services provided by the contracts, being the amount of the Group’s share of
                       the fair value of the underlying items less fulfilment cash flows that do not vary based on the returns on underlying
                       items. The Group provides investment services under these contracts, in addition to insurance coverage.


               When measuring a group of contracts with direct participation features, the Group adjusts the fulfilment cash flows for the
               changes in the obligation to pay policyholders. The changes in the obligation to pay the policyholder an amount equal to
               the fair value of the underlying items do not relate to future services and do not adjust the CSM.


               The carrying amount of the CSM at each reporting date is the carrying amount at the start of the reporting period, adjusted
               mainly for:


               a)      the effect of contracts added to the group in the period on the contractual service margin;


               b)      the change in the amount of the Group’s share of the fair value of the underlying items, except to the extent that:


                       i)      if the Group mitigates the effect of financial risk using derivatives or reinsurance contracts held, when
                               specified conditions are met, the Group may choose to recognise the related changes in the effect of
                               the time value of money and financial risk on the amount of the Group’s share of the underlying items
                               as insurance finance income or expenses included in profit or loss. However, if the Group chooses to
                               disaggregate insurance finance income or expenses of such reinsurance contracts held between profit or loss
                               and other comprehensive income, the insurance finance income or expenses mentioned above should also
                               be disaggregated accordingly;


                       ii)     the decrease in the amount of the Group’s share of the fair value of the underlying items exceeds the
                               carrying amount of the contractual service margin, giving rise to a loss;


                       iii)    the increase in the amount of the Group’s share of the fair value of the underlying items reverses the loss
                               component of the liability for remaining coverage.



      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
176   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
   features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
   (H)   MEASUREMENT – INSURANCE CONTRACTS NOT MEASURED UNDER THE PAA (Continued)
         SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT (Continued)
         Insurance contracts with direct participation features (Continued)
         The carrying amount of the CSM at each reporting date is the carrying amount at the start of the reporting period, adjusted
         mainly for: (Continued)


         c)     the changes in fulfilment cash flows relating to future service and do not vary based on the returns on underlying
                items, except to the extent that:


                i)      if the Group mitigates the effect of financial risk using derivatives, reinsurance contracts held or non-
                        derivative financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss, when specified conditions are
                        met, the Group may choose to recognise the related changes in the effect of the time value of money and
                        financial risk on the fulfilment cash flows as insurance finance income or expenses included in profit or loss.
                        However, if the Group chooses to disaggregate insurance finance income or expenses of such reinsurance
                        contracts held between profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the insurance finance income or
                        expenses mentioned above should also be disaggregated accordingly;


                ii)     such increases in the fulfilment cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the contractual service margin,
                        giving rise to a loss;


                iii)    such decreases in the fulfilment cash flows are allocated to the loss component of the liability for remaining
                        coverage.


         d)     the currency exchange differences in the period arising on the contractual service margin;


         e)     the amortisation of the contractual service margin in the period. The Group rationally determines the coverage units
                of the group of contracts in each period of the coverage period based on the pattern of provision of insurance
                contract services, and recognises insurance revenue accordingly over the current and future periods by amortizing
                the carrying amount of the contractual service margin as adjusted for (a) to (d) above.


         For insurance contracts with direct participation features for which the Group holds the underlying items, when the Group
         makes the accounting policy choice of disaggregating insurance finance income or expenses for the period between profit
         or loss and other comprehensive income, the Group recognises insurance finance income or expenses included in profit or
         loss at an amount that exactly match the income or expenses included in profit or loss for the underlying items, except for
         the accounting treatment of the insurance finance income or expenses mentioned in (b) and (c) above.




                                                                                                      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                    177
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
       features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
       (I)     MEASUREMENT – INSURANCE CONTRACTS MEASURED UNDER THE PAA
               The Group generally uses the PAA to simplify the measurement of groups of contracts in the following circumstances:


               •       where the coverage period of each contract in the group of contracts is one year or less; or


               •       the Group reasonably expects that the resulting measurement of the LRC would not differ materially from the result
                       of applying the accounting policies of contracts not measured under the PAA.


               INITIAL MEASUREMENT
               On initial recognition of each group of contracts, the carrying amount of the LRC is measured at the premiums received on
               initial recognition minus any insurance acquisition cash flows allocated to the group at that date, and adjusted for amounts
               arising from the derecognition of any assets or liabilities previously recognised for cash flows related to the group. The
               Group has elected the accounting policy choice to defer insurance acquisition cash flows through the LRC.


               SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT
               Subsequently, the carrying amount of the LRC is increased by (i) any premiums received; and (ii) any amortisation of the
               insurance acquisition cash flows, and decreased by (i) insurance acquisition cash flows paid; (ii) the amount recognised
               as insurance revenue for coverage provided; and (iii) any investment component paid or transferred to the LIC. On initial
               recognition of each group of contracts, the Group expects that the time gap between providing each part of the coverage
               and the related premium due date is not significant. Accordingly, the Group has chosen not to adjust the LRC to reflect the
               time value of money and the effect of financial risk.


               If at any time during the coverage period, facts and circumstances indicate that a group of contracts is onerous, then the
               Group recognises a loss in profit or loss and increases the LRC to the extent that the current estimates of the fulfilment
               cash flows that relate to remaining coverage (including the risk adjustment for non-financial risk) exceed the carrying
               amount of the LRC as loss component. The fulfilment cash flows are adjusted for the time value of money and the effect
               of financial risk (using current estimates). In subsequent periods, unless facts and circumstances indicate that the group of
               contracts is no longer onerous, the loss component is remeasured at each reporting date as the difference between the
               current estimates of the fulfilment cash flows that relate to remaining coverage (including the risk adjustment for non-
               financial risk) and the carrying amount of the LRC without loss component.


               The Group recognises the LIC of a group of insurance contracts for the amount of the fulfilment cash flows relating to
               incurred claims. The fulfilment cash flows are discounted (at current rates) to reflect the time value of money and the effect
               of financial risk.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
178   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
   features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
   (J)   REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD
         For groups of reinsurance contracts held, the Group applies the same accounting policies as that applied to insurance
         contracts without direct participation features, with the following modifications.


         The carrying amount of a group of reinsurance contracts held at each reporting date is the sum of the asset for remaining
         coverage and the asset for incurred claims. The asset for remaining coverage comprises (a) the fulfilment cash flows that
         relate to services that will be received under the contracts in future periods and (b) any remaining CSM at that date.


         The Group measures the estimates of the present value of future cash flows using assumptions that are consistent with
         those used to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance contracts, with
         an adjustment for any risk of non-performance by the reinsurer. The effect of the non-performance risk of the reinsurer is
         assessed at each reporting date and the effect of changes in the non-performance risk is recognised in profit or loss.


         The risk adjustment for non-financial risk is the amount of risk being transferred by the Group to the reinsurer.


         On initial recognition, the CSM of a group of reinsurance contracts held represents a net cost or net gain on purchasing
         reinsurance. It is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the total of (a) the fulfilment cash flows, (b) the amount
         arising from assets or liabilities previously recognised for cash flows related to the group, before the group is recognised, (c)
         cash flows arising from the contracts in the group at that date and (d) any income recognised in profit or loss because of
         onerous underlying contracts recognised at that date. However, if any net cost on purchasing reinsurance coverage relates
         to insured events that occurred before the purchase of the reinsurance, then the Group recognises the cost immediately in
         profit or loss as an expense.


         The carrying amount of the CSM at each reporting date is the carrying amount at the start of the reporting period, adjusted
         for:


         •       the CSM of any new contracts that are added to the group in the period;


         •       interest accreted on the carrying amount of the CSM during the period, measured at the discount rates determined
                 on initial recognition that are applied to nominal cash flows;


         •       income recognised in profit or loss in respect of a loss recognised for onerous underlying contracts. A loss-recovery
                 component is established or adjusted in the asset for remaining coverage of reinsurance contracts held for the
                 amount of income recognised;


         •       reversals of a loss-recovery component to the extent that they are not changes in the fulfilment cash flows of the
                 group;


         •       changes in fulfilment cash flows that relate to future services, measured at the discount rates determined on initial
                 recognition, unless the changes result from changes in fulfilment cash flows of onerous underlying contracts, in
                 which case they are recognised in profit or loss and create or adjust a loss-recovery component;


         •       the effect of any currency exchange differences on the CSM; and


         •       the amount recognised in profit or loss for the services received in the period.




                                                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                      179
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
       features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
       (J)     REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (Continued)
               REINSURANCE OF ONEROUS UNDERLYING INSURANCE CONTRACTS
               The Group adjusts the CSM of the group to which a reinsurance contract held belongs and as a result recognises income
               when it recognises a loss on initial recognition of onerous underlying contracts, if the reinsurance contract held is entered
               into before or at the same time as the onerous underlying contracts are recognised. The adjustment to the CSM is
               determined by multiplying:


               •       the amount of the loss that relates to the underlying contracts; and


               •       the percentage of claims on the underlying contracts that the Group expects to recover from the reinsurance
                       contracts held.


               If the reinsurance contract held covers only some of the insurance contracts included in an onerous group of contracts,
               then the Group uses a systematic and rational method to determine a portion of losses recognised on the onerous group of
               contracts containing the insurance contracts covered by the reinsurance contract held.


               A loss-recovery component is established or adjusted in the asset for remaining coverage of reinsurance contracts held,
               which determines the amounts that are subsequently presented in profit or loss as reversals of recoveries of losses from the
               reinsurance contracts held and are excluded from the allocation of reinsurance premiums paid.


               REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD MEASURED UNDER THE PAA
               The Group applies the same accounting principles to measure a group of insurance contracts or reinsurance contracts held
               under the PAA.


               If a loss-recovery component is established for a group of reinsurance contracts held measured under the PAA, the Group
               adjusts the carrying amount of the asset for remaining coverage of reinsurance contracts held.


       (K)     TRANSITION APPROACHES
               CONTRACTS MEASURED UNDER THE FAIR VALUE APPROACH
               For the groups of contracts that are measured under the fair value approach, the Group determined the CSM or loss
               component of the LRC at 1 January 2022 as the difference between the fair value of a group of contracts at that date and
               the fulfilment cash flows at that date.


               The fair value of groups of contracts is primarily determined by using present value technique from the perspective of
               a market participant. To the extent possible, the Group maximised the use of relevant market data and information
               of relevant market transactions. For the unobservable inputs, the Group used the best information available in the
               circumstances, which might include the Group’s own data.


               For all contracts measured under the fair value approach, the Group used reasonable and supportable information available
               at 1 January 2022 to determine:


               •       how to identify groups of contracts;


               •       whether a contract meets the definition of a contract with or without direct participation features or investment
                       contract with discretionary participation features; and


               •       how to identify discretionary cash flows for contracts without direct participation features.


               For groups of contracts measured under the fair value approach,

      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
180   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
   features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
   (K)   TRANSITION APPROACHES (Continued)
         CONTRACTS MEASURED UNDER THE FAIR VALUE APPROACH (Continued)
         •      the discount rates on initial recognition were determined at 1 January 2022 instead of at the date of initial
                recognition.


         •      the amount of insurance finance income or expenses accumulated in the insurance finance reserve at 1 January
                2022 was determined to be zero for contracts without direct participation features and to be equal to the
                cumulative amount recognised in the other comprehensive income on the underlying items for contracts with direct
                participation features as applicable.


         For groups of reinsurance contracts held covering onerous underlying contracts, the Group established a loss-recovery
         component at 1 January 2022. The Group determined the loss-recovery component by multiplying:


         •      the amount of the loss component that relates to the underlying contracts at 1 January 2022; and


         •      the percentage of claims on the underlying contracts that the Group expected to recover from the reinsurance
                contracts held.


   (L)   DERECOGNITION AND CONTRACT MODIFICATION
         The Group derecognises a contract when it is extinguished – i.e. when the specified obligations in the contract expire or are
         discharged or cancelled.


         The Group also derecognises a contract if its terms are modified in a way that would have changed the accounting for
         the contract significantly had the new terms always existed, in which case a new contract based on the modified terms is
         recognised. If a contract modification does not result in derecognition, then the Group treats the changes in cash flows
         caused by the modification as changes in estimates of fulfilment cash flows.


         On the derecognition of a contract in a group of contracts not measured under the PAA:


         •      the fulfilment cash flows allocated to the group are adjusted to eliminate those that relate to the rights and
                obligations derecognised;


         •      the CSM of the group is adjusted for the change in the fulfilment cash flows that relate to future service, except
                where such changes are allocated to a loss component; and


         •      the number of coverage units for the expected remaining services is adjusted to reflect the coverage units
                derecognised from the group.


         If a contract is derecognised because it is transferred to third party, then the CSM is also adjusted for the premium charged
         by the third party.


         If a contract is derecognised because its terms are modified, then the CSM is also adjusted for the premium that would
         have been charged had the Group entered into a contract with the new contract’s terms at the date of modification, less
         any additional premium charged for the modification. The new contract recognised is measured assuming that, at the date
         of modification, the issuer received the premium that it would have charged less any additional premium charged for the
         modification.




                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                   181
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
       features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
       (M)     PRESENTATION
               Portfolios of insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held in an asset position are presented separately from
               those in a liability position. Portfolios of insurance contracts issued are presented separately from portfolios of reinsurance
               contracts held. Any assets recognised for insurance acquisition cash flows arising before the recognition of the related
               group of insurance contracts are included in the carrying amount of the related portfolios of insurance contracts.


               The Group disaggregates amounts recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and comprehensive income
               into (a) an insurance service result, comprising insurance revenue and insurance service expenses, and (b) insurance finance
               income or expenses.


               Income and expenses from reinsurance contracts held are presented separately from income and expenses from insurance
               contracts. Income and expenses from reinsurance contracts held, other than insurance finance income or expenses, are
               presented on a net basis as “net expenses from reinsurance contracts held” in the insurance service result.


               The Group does not disaggregate changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk between the insurance service result
               and insurance finance income or expenses. All changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk are included in the
               insurance service result.


               Insurance revenue and insurance service expenses exclude any investment components and are recognised as follows.


               INSURANCE REVENUE – INSURANCE CONTRACTS NOT MEASURED UNDER THE PAA
               The Group recognises insurance revenue as it satisfies its performance obligations – i.e. as it provides services under groups
               of contracts. For contracts not measured under the PAA, the insurance revenue relating to services provided for each period
               represents the total of the changes in the LRC that relate to services for which the Group expects to receive consideration,
               excludes investment components and mainly comprises the following items:


               •       A release of the CSM, measured based on coverage units provided;


               •       Changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk relating to current services;


               •       Insurance acquisition cash flows recovery;


               •       Claims and other insurance service expenses incurred in the period, generally measured at the amounts expected at
                       the beginning of the period; and


               •       Other amounts, including experience adjustments for premium receipts for current or past services.


               For insurance acquisition cash flows recovery, the Group allocates a portion of premiums related to the recovery in a
               systematic way based on the passage of time over the expected coverage of a group of contracts. The allocated amount is
               recognised as insurance revenue with the same amount recognised as insurance service expenses.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
182   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
   features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
   (M)   PRESENTATION (Continued)
         INSURANCE REVENUE – INSURANCE CONTRACTS MEASURED UNDER THE PAA
         For contracts measured under the PAA, the insurance revenue for each period is the amount of expected premium (excluding
         any investment component, if any) for providing services in the period. The Group allocates the expected premium to each
         period on the following bases:


         •      the passage of time; or


         •      the expected timing of incurred insurance service expenses, if the expected pattern of release of risk during the
                coverage period differs significantly from the passage of time.


         LOSS COMPONENTS
         The Group establishes loss components of the LRC for onerous groups of contracts. The loss components determine the
         amounts that are presented in profit or loss as reversals of losses on onerous groups and are consequently excluded from
         determination of insurance revenue.


         For contracts not measured under the PAA, when the fulfilment cash flows occur, they are allocated between the loss
         component and the LRC excluding the loss component on a systematic basis. Changes in estimates of fulfilment cash flows
         relating to future services and changes in the Group’s share of the fair value of underlying items are allocated solely to the
         loss component. If the loss component is reduced to zero, then any excess over the amount allocated to the loss component
         creates or reinstates the CSM for the group of contracts.


         INSURANCE SERVICE EXPENSES
         Insurance service expenses arising from insurance contracts are recognised in profit or loss generally as they are incurred.
         They exclude repayments of investment components and mainly comprise the following items:


         •      Incurred claims and other insurance service expenses;


         •      Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows: for contracts not measured under the PAA, this is equal to the
                amount of insurance revenue recognised in the period that relates to recovering insurance acquisition cash flows.
                For contracts measured under the PAA, the Group amortises insurance acquisition cash flows on the basis of
                passage of time over the coverage period of the group of contracts;


         •      Losses on onerous contracts and reversals of such losses; and


         •      Adjustments to the liabilities for incurred claims that do not arise from the effects of the time value of money,
                financial risk and changes therein.




                                                                                                      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                    183
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       Insurance contracts, investment contracts with discretionary participation
       features (DPF) and reinsurance contracts held (Continued)
       (M)     PRESENTATION (Continued)
               NET EXPENSES FROM REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD
               Net expenses from reinsurance contracts held mainly comprise an allocation of reinsurance premiums paid less amounts
               recovered from reinsurers.


               The Group recognises an allocation of reinsurance premiums paid as reinsurance expenses within net expenses from
               reinsurance contracts held for the coverage or other services received by the Group under groups of reinsurance contracts
               held. For contracts not measured under the PAA, the allocation of reinsurance premiums paid relating to services received
               for each period represents the total of the changes in the asset for remaining coverage that relate to services for which the
               Group expects to pay consideration.


               For contracts measured under the PAA, the allocation of reinsurance premiums paid for each period is the amount of
               expected premium payments for receiving services in the period.


               The amounts from the reinsurer that it expects to receive that are not contingent on claims of the underlying contracts are
               considered as a reduction in the reinsurance premiums paid to the reinsurer.


               For a group of reinsurance contracts held covering onerous underlying contracts, the Group establishes a loss-recovery
               component of the asset for remaining coverage to depict the recovery of losses recognised:


               •       on recognition of onerous underlying contracts, if the reinsurance contract held covering those contracts is entered
                       into before or at the same time as those contracts are entered into; and


               •       for changes in fulfilment cash flows of the group of reinsurance contracts held relating to future services that result
                       from changes in fulfilment cash flows of the onerous underlying contracts.


               INSURANCE FINANCE INCOME OR EXPENSES
               Insurance finance income or expenses comprise changes in the carrying amounts of groups of insurance contracts and
               reinsurance contracts issued arising from the effects of the time value of money, financial risk and changes therein. This
               includes changes in the measurement of groups of contracts caused by changes in the value of underlying items (excluding
               additions and withdrawals).


               For certain portfolios, the Group has chosen to disaggregate insurance finance income or expenses between profit or loss
               and other comprehensive income. The amount included in profit or loss is determined by a systematic allocation of the
               expected total insurance finance income or expenses over the duration of the group of contracts.


               Amounts presented in other comprehensive income are accumulated in the insurance finance reserve. If the Group
               derecognises a contract without direct participation features as a result of a transfer to a third party or a contract
               modification, then any remaining amounts of accumulated other comprehensive income for the contract are reclassified to
               profit or loss.


               The Group presents insurance finance income or expenses for all other contracts in profit or loss.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
184   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Investment contracts
   Investment contracts do not contain sufficient insurance risk to be considered insurance contracts and are accounted for as a
   financial liability, other than investment contracts with DPF which are excluded from the scope of HKFRS 9 and are accounted for
   as insurance contracts.


   (A)    LIABILITIES TO SUBSCRIBERS OF UNIT-LINKED PRODUCTS
          Liabilities, associated with unit-linked investment contracts issued by the Group in which the risk is borne by the
          policyholder, are recognised at fair value and assessed on the basis of the fair value of investment portfolio assets allocated
          to each of the products, less the corresponding management costs and recognised in “financial liabilities for unit-linked
          contracts”.


          Investment portfolios allocated to unit-linked products comprise financial assets, including fixed-income securities, variable
          income securities, derivative instruments and deposits in credit institutions, which are recognised at fair value and whose
          corresponding unrealised capital gains and losses are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year.


   (B)    LIABILITIES TO SUBSCRIBERS OF OTHER INVESTMENT CONTRACTS
          Liabilities to subscribers of other regulated products, classified as investment contracts under HKFRS 17, which do not
          include a discretionary profit sharing component, are valued in accordance with the requirements of HKFRS 9 and
          recognised in “Investment contract liabilities”.


3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that
   affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure
   of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material
   adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.


   Judgements
   In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from those
   involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:


   (I)    PROPERTY LEASE CLASSIFICATION – GROUP AS LESSOR
          The Group has entered into commercial property leases on its investment property portfolio. The Group has determined,
          based on an evaluation of the terms and conditions of the arrangements, such as the lease term not constituting a major
          part of the economic life of the commercial property and the present value of the minimum lease payments not amounting
          to substantially all the fair value of the commercial property, that it retains substantially all the significant risks and rewards
          incidental to ownership of these properties which are leased out and accounts for the contracts as operating leases.


   (II)   SIGNIFICANT JUDGEMENT IN DETERMINING THE LEASE TERM OF CONTRACTS WITH RENEWAL OPTIONS
          The Group has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. The Group applies judgement in
          evaluating whether or not to exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease. That is, it considers all relevant factors
          that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal or termination. After the commencement date, the
          Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and
          affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to terminate the lease.


          The Group includes the renewal period as part of the lease term for leases of property due to the significance of these
          assets to its operations. These leases have a short non-cancellable period and there will be a significant negative effect on
          operations if a replacement is not readily available.




                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                         185
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
       (Continued)

       Judgements (Continued)
       In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from those
       involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements: (Continued)


       (III)   CLASSIFICATION BETWEEN INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND OWNER-OCCUPIED PROPERTIES
               The Group determines whether a property qualifies as an investment property and has developed criteria in making that
               judgement. Investment property is a property held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. Therefore, the Group
               considers whether a property generates cash flows largely independently of the other assets held by the Group. Some
               properties comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation and another portion that is held for use
               in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. If these portions could be sold separately
               or leased out separately under a finance lease, the Group accounts for the portions separately. If the portions could not be
               sold separately, the property is an investment property only if an insignificant portion is held for use in the production or
               supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. Judgement is made on an individual property basis to determine
               whether ancillary services are so significant that a property does not qualify as an investment property.


       (IV)    CONSOLIDATION OF ENTITIES IN WHICH THE GROUP HOLDS LESS THAN A MAJORITY OF VOTING RIGHTS
               The Group considers that it controls Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. (“Fosun Pharma”) even though it
               owns less than 50% of the voting rights. This is because the Group was the single largest shareholder of Fosun Pharma
               with a 36.1% equity interest as at 31 December 2023. The remaining 63.9% of the equity shares in Fosun Pharma are
               widely held by many other shareholders. The Group controls the board of directors of Fosun Pharma and holds relatively
               larger voting rights than other dispersed public shareholders. Since the date of Fosun Pharma’s domestic shares being listed
               on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, there has been no history and no expectation that the other shareholders collaborating to
               exercise their votes collectively or to outvote the Group.


               The Group considers that it controls Hainan Mining Co., Ltd. (“Hainan Mining”) even though it owns less than 50% of the
               voting rights. This is because the Group was the largest shareholder of Hainan Mining with a 45.8% equity interest as at 31
               December 2023. The Group holds relatively larger voting rights than other shareholders. Since the date of Hainan Mining’s
               domestic shares being listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, there has been no history and no expectation that the other
               shareholders collaborating to exercise their votes collectively or to outvote the Group.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
186   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2023




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
  (Continued)

  Judgements (Continued)
  In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from those
  involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements: (Continued)


  (V)    DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
         Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for withholding corporate income taxes arising from the distributions of dividends
         from certain subsidiaries of the Group according to the relevant tax jurisdictions. Significant management judgement is
         required to determine whether to recognise such deferred tax liabilities based upon the plan of the dividend distribution
         from these subsidiaries in the foreseeable future. As at 31 December 2023, the management was of the opinion that it
         was not probable that those subsidiaries would make any profit distribution in the foreseeable future and accordingly no
         provision for the withholding tax has been made.


  (VI)   CLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
         The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial
         assets and the financial assets’ contractual cash flow characteristics: (1) management needs to make significant judgement
         when assessing its business model, including but is not limited to (a) how the performance of the business model and the
         financial assets held within that business model are evaluated and reported to the entity’s key management personnel;
         (b) the risks that affect the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model
         and, in particular, the way in which those risks are managed; and (c) how managers of the business are compensated.
         In determining whether cash flows are going to be realised by collecting the financial assets’ contractual cash flows,
         management needs to consider the reasons for the sales, timing of sales, frequency and value in prior periods; and (2)
         management needs to make significant judgement on whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal
         and interest on the principal amount outstanding, such as whether contractual cash flows could be significantly different
         from the benchmark cash flows involves judgement when assessing a modified time value of a money element, and
         whether the fair value of prepayment features is insignificant also requires judgement when assessing the financial assets
         with prepayment features.


  Estimation uncertainty
  The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that
  have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial
  year are described below:


  (I)    IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL
         The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the value
         in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to
         make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units and also to choose a suitable discount
         rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2023
         was RMB29,547,898,000 (31 December 2022: RMB27,413,654,000). Further details are given in note 41 to the financial
         statements.




                                                                                                      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                    187
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
       (Continued)

       Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
       The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that
       have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial
       year are described below: (Continued)


       (II)    IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS (OTHER THAN GOODWILL)
               The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets (including the right-of-use
               assets) at the end of each reporting period. Indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and at other
               times when such an indicator exists. Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the
               carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating
               unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The
               calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm’s
               length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When
               value-in-use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or
               cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. For the
               year ended 31 December 2023, impairment losses in the amount of RMB1,133,407,000 (2022: RMB2,293,693,000) have
               been recognised as set out in note 10 to the financial statements.


       (III)   LEASES – ESTIMATING THE INCREMENTAL BORROWING RATE
               The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental borrowing
               rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a
               similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in
               a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation
               when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when it
               needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary’s
               functional currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available
               and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).


       (IV)    ESTIMATION OF FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
               As described in note 33 to the financial statements, investment properties were revalued on 31 December 2023 on an open
               market value and existing use basis. Such valuations were based on certain assumptions which are subject to uncertainty
               and might materially differ from the actual results. In making the judgement, the Group considers information from current
               prices in an active market for similar properties and uses assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing
               at the end of the reporting period.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
188   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
  (Continued)

  Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
  The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that
  have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial
  year are described below: (Continued)


  (IV)    ESTIMATION OF FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
          In the absence of current prices in an active market for similar properties, the Group considers information from a variety of
          sources, including:


          (a)    current prices in an active market for properties of a different nature, condition or location, adjusted to reflect
                 those differences;


          (b)    recent prices of similar properties on less active markets, with adjustments to reflect any changes in economic
                 conditions since the dates of the transactions that occurred at those prices; and


          (c)    discounted cash flow projections based on reliable estimates of future cash flows, supported by the terms of any
                 existing lease and other contracts and (when possible) by external evidence such as current market rents for similar
                 properties in the same location and condition, and using discount rates that reflect current market assessments of
                 the uncertainty in the amount and timing of the cash flows.


          The carrying amount of investment properties at 31 December 2023 was RMB93,340,801,000 (31 December 2022:
          RMB95,743,357,000). Further details, including the key assumptions used for fair value measurement, are given in note 33
          to the financial statements.


  (V)     FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS DETERMINED USING VALUATION TECHNIQUES
          The fair value of financial instruments, in the absence of an active market, is estimated by using appropriate valuation
          techniques. Such valuations were based on certain assumptions about credit risk, volatility and liquidity risks, etc, associated
          with the instruments, which are subject to uncertainty and might materially differ from the actual results. Further details are
          included in note 66 to the financial statements.


  (VI)    USEFUL LIVES OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
          The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its property, plant and equipment.
          This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment of similar
          nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations, or competitor actions in response
          to severe industry cycles. Management will increase the depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously
          estimated lives, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or
          sold.


  (VII)   USEFUL LIVES OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS (OTHER THAN GOODWILL)
          The Group determines the estimated useful lives for its intangible assets. This estimate is based on the historical experience
          of the actual useful lives of intangible assets of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result
          of technical innovations, or competitor actions in response to severe industry cycles. Management will increase the
          amortisation charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write off or write down technically
          obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.




                                                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                      189
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
       (Continued)

       Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
       The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that
       have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial
       year are described below: (Continued)


       (VIII)   ESTIMATION OF REHABILITATION COST PROVISIONS
                FOR MINING RIGHTS
                Provisions for the Group’s obligations for land rehabilitation are based on estimates of required expenditure at the mines
                in accordance with PRC rules and regulations. The Group estimates its liabilities for final rehabilitation and mine closure
                based upon detailed calculations of the amount and timing of the future cash expenditure to perform the required work.
                Spending estimates are escalated for inflation, then discounted at a discount rate that reflects current market assessments
                of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability such that the amount of provision reflects the present value
                of the expenditure expected to be required to settle the obligation.


                Estimates used in the provision for rehabilitation cost are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and, therefore,
                cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates.


                FOR OIL AND GAS ASSETS
                The Group estimates the future removal costs of on – and offshore oil and gas platforms, production facilities, wells and
                pipelines at the time of installation of the assets. In most instances, removal of assets will occur in future years. This requires
                judgemental assumptions regarding removal data, future environmental legislation, the extent of reclamation activities
                required, the engineering methodology for estimating costs, future removal technologies in determining the removal costs,
                and asset-specific discount rates to determine the present value of these cash flows.


       (IX)     MEASUREMENT OF THE EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS ALLOWANCE
                The Group assesses the impairment of financial assets at amortised cost and debt investments at fair value through other
                comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) using the ECL model. The application of the ECL model requires significant estimation,
                and consideration of all reasonable and relevant information including forward-looking information. When making such
                estimation, the Group estimates the expected changes of the debtor’s credit risk based on historical repayment data along
                with economic policies, macro-economic indicators, and industrial risk.


       (X)      DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
                Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits
                and unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible
                temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised. Significant
                management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon
                the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The carrying value of
                deferred tax assets relating to recognised tax losses at 31 December 2023 was RMB4,272,177,000 (31 December 2022:
                RMB3,203,329,000). The amount of unrecognised tax losses and deductible temporary differences as at 31 December
                2023 was RMB42,065,576,000(31 December 2022: RMB38,702,978,000). Further details are contained in note 42 to the
                financial statements.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
190   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
  (Continued)

  Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
  The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that
  have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial
  year are described below: (Continued)


  (XI)     NET REALISABLE VALUE OF INVENTORIES, PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT AND COMPLETED PROPERTIES FOR
           SALE
           The net realisable value of inventories, properties under development and completed properties for sale is the estimated
           selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated cost to be incurred to completion and disposal. These
           estimates are based on the current market condition and the historical experience of selling products of similar nature. It
           could change significantly as a result of changes in customer taste or competitor actions in response to severe consumer
           product industry cycles. Management reassesses these estimates at the end of each reporting period.


  (XII)    CONTINGENT CONSIDERATION FOR THE ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
           The Group estimated the fair value of contingent consideration for the acquisition of subsidiaries by using the expected
           cash flows, to be discounted to the acquisition date at an appropriately chosen discount rate. Significant management
           judgement is required to determine the expected cash flows and discount rate. Management reassesses these estimates at
           the end of each reporting period.


  (XIII)   LEVEL OF AGGREGATION AND RECOGNITION OF GROUP OF INSURANCE CONTRACTS
           For contracts issued to which the Group does not apply the premium allocation approach, the judgements exercised in
           determining whether contracts are onerous on initial recognition or those that have no significant possibility of becoming
           onerous subsequently are:


           •      based on the likelihood of changes in assumptions which, if they occurred, would result in the contracts becoming
                  onerous; and


           •      using information about profitability estimation for the relevant group of products.


  (XIV)    MEASUREMENT OF FULFILMENT CASH FLOWS NOT MEASURED UNDER THE PREMIUM ALLOCATION APPROACH
           The asset or liability for groups of insurance contracts is measured as the total of fulfilment cash flows and CSM.


           The fulfilment cash flows of insurance contracts (including investment contracts with DPF) represents the present value of
           estimated future cash outflows, less the present value of estimated future cash inflows and adjusted for a provision for the
           risk adjustment for nonfinancial risk. The assumptions used and the techniques for estimating fulfilment cash flows and risk
           adjustment for non-financial risk are based on actual experience by each geographical market and policy form. The Group
           exercises significant judgement in making appropriate assumptions and techniques.


  (XV)     MEASUREMENT OF INSURANCE CONTRACTS MEASURED UNDER THE PREMIUM ALLOCATION APPROACH
           When measuring liabilities for remaining coverage, the PAA is broadly similar to the Group’s previous accounting treatment
           under HKFRS 4. However, when measuring liabilities for incurred claims, the Group now discounts cash flows that are
           expected to occur more than one year after the date on which the claims are incurred and includes an explicit risk
           adjustment for non-financial risk.




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       191
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
       (Continued)

       Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
       The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that
       have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial
       year are described below: (Continued)


       (XVI)   DETERMINATION OF COVERAGE UNIT
               The CSM of a group of contracts issued is recognised as insurance revenue in each period based on the number of coverage
               units provided in the period, which is determined by considering for each contract the quantity of the services provided, its
               expected coverage period and time value of money.


               The quantity of services provided by insurance contracts could include insurance coverage, investment-return service and
               investment-related service, as applicable. In assessing the services provided by insurance contracts, the terms and benefit
               features of the contracts are considered.


               Relevant elements are considered in determining the quantity of service including among others, benefit payments and
               premiums. The Group applies judgement in these determinations.


               Expected coverage period is derived based on the likelihood of an insured event occurring to the extent they affect the
               expected duration of contracts in the group. Determining the expected coverage period is judgemental since it involves
               making an expectation of when claims and lapse will occur.


       (XVII) TRANSITION TO HKFRS 17
               The Group applied HKFRS 17 in the consolidated financial statement from 1 January 2022 and onwards. The Group has
               determined that it was impracticable to apply the full retrospective approach for some groups of contracts because certain
               historical information was not available or was not available without undue cost or effort that would enable it to be used
               under this approach. Therefore, the Group applied fair value approaches for these groups of contracts. The Group exercises
               judgements in determining the transition approaches, applying the transition methods and measuring the transition impacts
               on the transition date which will affect the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statement on the transition
               date.


       (XVIII) VALUATION OF THE IDENTIFIABLE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES THROUGH BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND THE
               RECOGNISED CORRESPONDING GOODWILL OR GAIN ON BARGAIN PURCHASE
               The Group completed certain business combinations during the year. The purchase prices are allocated between the fair
               values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed which result in the recognition of goodwill or gains on
               bargain purchase. Management, assisted by the external appraisers, evaluated the fair values of identifiable assets acquired
               and liabilities assumed and completed the purchase price allocation. The fair value determination in the accounting for
               business combinations relied on significant management estimation in respect of fair value assessments.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
192   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




4. PARTICULARS OF THE PRINCIPAL COMPANIES COMPRISING
   THE GROUP, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
  Particulars of the principal subsidiaries comprising the Group, associates and joint ventures of the Group at 31 December 2023 are
  set out below:


                                              Place of
                                              incorporation/
                                              registration and
                                                                                              Attributable equity interest
                                              principal country of          Nominal value
                                                                                                    of the company
                                              operation or place of          of registered
  Name of company                             business                             capital    Direct    Indirect    Effective     Principal activities
  Subsidiaries

  Asset Management segment

  上海復星高科技(集團)有限公司 #^                          PRC/Chinese Mainland      RMB4,800,000,000     100.0%            –     100.0%       Investment holding
   (Shanghai Fosun High Technology
   (Group) Co., Ltd.)
   (“Fosun High Technology”)


  上海復星產業投資有限公司 #                              PRC/Chinese Mainland        RMB600,000,000          –      100.0%      100.0%       Investment holding
   (Shanghai Fosun Industrial Investment
   Co., Ltd.)


  復星金融控股有限公司                                  Hong Kong, China          HKD18,598,275,001    100.0%            –     100.0%       Investment holding
   (Fosun Financial Holdings Limited)


  復星地產控股有限公司                                  Hong Kong, China                      HKD1     100.0%            –     100.0%       Investment holding
   (Fosun Property Holdings Limited)


  上海復星創富投資管理股份有限公司 #                          PRC/Chinese Mainland        RMB200,000,000          –      100.0%      100.0%       Capital investment and
   (Shanghai Fosun Capital Investment                                                                                               management
   Management Co., Ltd.)

  復地(集團)股份有限公司 #                             PRC/Chinese Mainland       RMB2,504,155,034          –      100.0%      100.0%       Property development
   (Shanghai Forte Land Co., Ltd.) (“Forte”)


  上海復星外灘商業有限公司 #                              PRC/Chinese Mainland      RMB7,000,000,000          –      100.0%      100.0%       Property development
    (Shanghai Fosun Bund Commercial
    Co., Ltd.)


  浙江復星商業發展有限公司 #                              PRC/Chinese Mainland        RMB100,000,000          –      100.0%      100.0%       Property development
   (Zhejiang Fosun Commercial
   Development Co., Ltd)


  復星產業控股有限公司                                  Hong Kong, China            HKD500,000,000     100.0%            –     100.0%       Investment holding
   (Fosun Industrial Holdings Limited)


  Fortune Star (BVI) Limited                  Virgin Islands, British                USD1         –      100.0%      100.0%       Capital investment and
                                                                                                                                    management


  上海復星工業技術發展有限公司 #                            PRC/Chinese Mainland      RMB8,200,000,000          –      100.0%      100.0%       Capital investment and
    (Shanghai Fosun Industrial & Technology                                                                                         management
    Development Co., Ltd)
                                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                         193
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




4. PARTICULARS OF THE PRINCIPAL COMPANIES COMPRISING
   THE GROUP, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
       Particulars of the principal subsidiaries comprising the Group, associates and joint ventures of the Group at 31 December 2023 are
       set out below: (Continued)


                                                Place of
                                                incorporation/
                                                registration and
                                                                                             Attributable equity interest
                                                principal country of        Nominal value
                                                                                                   of the company
                                                operation or place of        of registered
       Name of company                          business                           capital   Direct    Indirect    Effective   Principal activities
       Subsidiaries (Continued)

       Asset Management segment (Continued)

       Hauck Aufhäuser Lampe Privatbank AG      Germany                     EUR28,913,628        –       99.7%       99.7%     Private banking and
                                                                                                                                  financial services


       Health segment

       上海復星醫藥(集團)股份有限公司 */#                    PRC/Chinese Mainland      RMB2,672,398,711    0.2%        35.9%       36.1%     Investment holding
        (Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group)
        Co., Ltd.) (“Fosun Pharma”)


       上海復星醫藥產業發展有限公司 #                           PRC/Chinese Mainland   RMB3,950,000,000        –      100.0%       36.1%     Investment holding
        (Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial
        Development Company Limited)


       江蘇萬邦生化醫藥集團有限責任公司 #                       PRC/Chinese Mainland      RMB480,455,400         –      100.0%       36.1%     Manufacture and trading
        (Jiangsu Wanbang Biopharmaceutical                                                                                      of medicine
        Co., Ltd.)


       湖北新生源生物工程有限公司 #                          PRC/Chinese Mainland       RMB51,120,000         –       51.0%       18.4%     Manufacture and trading
        (Shine Star (Hubei) Biological                                                                                          of medicine
        Engineering Co., Ltd.)


       重慶藥友製藥有限責任公司 #                           PRC/Chinese Mainland      RMB196,540,000         –       61.0%       22.0%     Manufacture and trading
        (YaoPharma Co., Ltd.)                                                                                                   of medicine




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
194   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023




4. PARTICULARS OF THE PRINCIPAL COMPANIES COMPRISING
   THE GROUP, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
   Particulars of the principal subsidiaries comprising the Group, associates and joint ventures of the Group at 31 December 2023 are
   set out below: (Continued)

                                            Place of
                                            incorporation/
                                            registration and
                                                                                        Attributable equity interest
                                            principal country of       Nominal value
                                                                                              of the company
                                            operation or place of       of registered
   Name of company                          business                          capital   Direct    Indirect    Effective     Principal activities
   Subsidiaries (Continue)

   Health segment (continue)

   桂林南藥股份有限公司 #                             PRC/Chinese Mainland     RMB285,030,300         –       96.5%       34.8%       Manufacture and
    (Guilin South Pharma Co., Ltd.)                                                                                          trading of medicine


   上海復宏漢霖生物技術股份有限公司 #                       PRC/Chinese Mainland     RMB543,494,900         –       59.6%       21.5%       Medical research
    (Shanghai Henlius Biotech, Inc)
    (“Henlius”))


   復星實業(香港)有限公司                             Hong Kong, China         USD621,446,075         –      100.0%       36.1%       Investment holding
    (Fosun Industrial Co., Limited)


   佛山復星禪城醫院有限公司 #                           PRC/Chinese Mainland      RMB50,000,000         –       87.4%       31.5%       Provision of
    (Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital                                                                                          healthcare services
    Company Limited)


   蘇州二葉製藥有限公司 #                             PRC/Chinese Mainland     RMB300,000,000         –       90.0%       32.5%       Manufacture and
    (Suzhou Erye Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.)                                                                                    trading of medicine


   Gland Pharma Limited (“Gland”)           India                      Not Applicable       –       57.9%       20.9%       Manufacture and
                                                                                                                             trading of medicine


   Luz Saúde, S.A.                          Portugal                   EUR95,542,254        –       99.9%       84.9%       Provision of
                                                                                                                              healthcare services


   Intelligent Manufacturing Segment

   海南礦業股份有限公司*#                             PRC/Chinese Mainland    RMB2,037,522,809        –       45.8%       45.8%       Sale of iron and
    (Hainan Mining Co., Ltd.)                                                                                                 steel products


   上海翌耀科技股份有限公司 #                           PRC/Chinese Mainland     RMB609,322,034         –       49.8%       44.4%       Provision of digital
    (Shanghai Easun Technology Co., Ltd.)                                                                                     and intelligent
                                                                                                                              solution




                                                                                                               FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                    195
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




4. PARTICULARS OF THE PRINCIPAL COMPANIES COMPRISING
   THE GROUP, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
       Particulars of the principal subsidiaries comprising the Group, associates and joint ventures of the Group at 31 December 2023 are
       set out below: (Continued)


                                                 Place of
                                                 incorporation/
                                                 registration and
                                                                                             Attributable equity interest
                                                 principal country of       Nominal value
                                                                                                   of the company
                                                 operation or place of       of registered
       Name of company                           business                          capital   Direct    Indirect    Effective   Principal activities
       Subsidiaries (Continue)

       Happiness segment

       Club Med SAS                              France                    EUR149,704,804        –      100.0%       78.0%     Tourism


       海南亞特蘭蒂斯商旅發展有限公司 #                         PRC/Chinese Mainland     RMB801,500,000         –      100.0%       78.2%     Tourism
         (Hainan Atlantis Commerce And Tourism
         Development Co., Ltd)


       上海豫園旅遊商城(集團)股份有限公司 #                      PRC/Chinese Mainland    RMB3,896,095,653        –       61.8%       61.8%     Retail
        (Shanghai Yuyuan Tourist Mart (Group)
        Co., Ltd.) (“Yuyuan”)


       武漢復智房地產開發有限公司 #                           PRC/Chinese Mainland    RMB4,500,000,000        –      100.0%      100.0%     Property development
        (Wuhan Fuzhi Real Estate Development
        Co., Ltd)


       上海豫園珠寶時尚集團有限公司 #                        PRC/Chinese Mainland      RMB2,200,000,000        –      100.0%       61.8%     Retail of jewelry
        (Shanghai Yuyuan Jewelry Fashion Group
        Co., Ltd.)

       ST Hubert SAS                             France                    EUR465,150,074        –       98.1%       50.0%     Manufacturing and trading
                                                                                                                                of dairy products


       Lanvin Group Holdings Limited             Cayman Islands/               USD50,000         –       58.6%       57.1%     Investment holding
                                                   Chinese Mainland




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
196   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023




4. PARTICULARS OF THE PRINCIPAL COMPANIES COMPRISING
   THE GROUP, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
   Particulars of the principal subsidiaries comprising the Group, associates and joint ventures of the Group at 31 December 2023 are
   set out below: (Continued)

                                             Place of
                                             incorporation/
                                             registration and
                                                                                        Attributable equity interest
                                             principal country of      Nominal value
                                                                                              of the company
                                             operation or place of      of registered
   Name of company                           business                         capital   Direct    Indirect    Effective     Principal activities
   Subsidiaries (Continued)

   Insurance segment

   鼎睿再保險有限公司                                 Hong Kong, China         USD786,720,713        –       86.7%       86.7%       Reinsurance
    (Peak Reinsurance Company Limited)


   Fidelidade – Companhia de Seguros, S.A.   Portugal                 EUR509,263,524        –       85.0%       85.0%       Underwriting of life
                                                                                                                              and non-life
                                                                                                                              insurance


   Associates


   國藥產業投資有限公司 #                              PRC/Chinese Mainland     RMB100,000,000        –       49.0%       17.7%       Distribution of
    (Sinopharm Industrial Investment                                                                                          pharmaceutical products
    Co., Ltd.) (“Sinopharm”)


   Banco Comercial Português, S.A.           Portugal                EUR3,000,000,000       –       26.0%       26.0%       Banking and
                                                                                                                              financial services


   Joint venture

   四川沱牌舍得集團有限公司 #/&                          PRC/Chinese Mainland     RMB232,240,000        –       70.0%       43.3%       Manufacture and
    (Sichuan Tuopai Shede Group Co., Ltd.)                                                                                   trading of wine and
                                                                                                                             beverage




                                                                                                               FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                   197
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




4. PARTICULARS OF THE PRINCIPAL COMPANIES COMPRISING
   THE GROUP, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
       The English names of the above subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are directly translated from their Chinese names.


       The above table lists the subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors of the
       Company, materially contribute to the net income of the Group or hold a material portion of the assets or liabilities of the Group,
       for the year ended 31 December 2023. To give details of other subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures would, in the opinion
       of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length. Further details of the debt securities of the principal
       subsidiaries of the Company are contained in note 50.

       Notes:

       *        Fosun Pharma continues to be accounted for as a subsidiary because the Group continues to be the single major shareholder of Fosun
                Pharma and holds relatively larger voting rights than other dispersed public shareholders, despite the fact that the Group’s equity interest in
                this company was 36.1% as at 31 December 2023.

                Hainan Mining Co., Ltd. continues to be accounted for as a subsidiary because the Group continues to be the largest major shareholder of
                Hainan Mining Co., Ltd. and holds relatively larger voting rights than other shareholders, despite the fact that the Group’s equity interest in
                this company was 45.8% as at 31 December 2023.

       #        These companies are registered as limited liability companies under PRC law.

       &        The Group, through Yuyuan held 70% equity interest in Sichuan Tuopai Shede Group Co., Ltd.(“ Tuopai Shede”) as at 31 December 2023.
                The remaining 30% equity interest is held by the People’s Government of Shehong County. According to the articles of association of Tuopai
                Shede, the resolutions on the relevant activities required 100% shareholders’ approval and Tuopai Shede was accounted for as a joint venture
                of the Group.

       ^        Wholly foreign-owned enterprise under PRC law.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
198   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2023




5. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
  For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has five reportable
  operating segments as follows:


  (i)     The Health segment engages in the research and development, manufacture, sale and trading of pharmaceutical and health
          products and providing medical services and health management;


  (ii)    The Happiness segment comprises principally the operation and investments in tourism and leisure, fashion consumer and
          lifestyle industries;


  (iii)   The Insurance segment mainly engages in the operation of and investment in the insurance businesses;


  (iv)    The Asset Management segment comprises principally the operation and investment of asset management, market
          investments, and investments in other companies of the Group; and


  (v)     The Intelligent Manufacturing segment comprises principally the operation of and investment in the intelligent
          manufacturing and iron, steel, new functional materials and ore production;


  Both the Insurance segment and the Asset Management segment listed above belong to the Wealth sector of the Group.


  Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making decisions about
  resource allocation and performance assessment.


  Segment performance is evaluated based on reportable operating segment profit or loss, which is measured consistently with the
  Group’s profit or loss after tax. The head office and corporate expenses are allocated to each reportable segments based on their
  respective utilization of internal resources. Certain interest bearing bank and other borrowings which are managed on the group
  basis are allocated to each reportable segments based on their respective utilisation of the financing.


  Inter-segment sales and transfers are transacted with reference to the fair selling prices used for sales made to third parties at the
  then prevailing market prices.




                                                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                     199
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




5. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       Year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                                                               Intelligent
                                                 Health      Happiness              Wealth                  manufacturing
                                                                                                Asset
                                                                             Insurance    Management                          Eliminations        Total
                                               RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000
       Segment revenue:
       Sales to external customers            45,283,446     88,717,140     37,453,611        13,990,518       12,755,595                –    198,200,310
       Inter-segment sales                     1,030,940        229,268              2           335,390                7       (1,595,607)             –


       Total revenue                          46,314,386     88,946,408     37,453,613        14,325,908       12,755,602       (1,595,607)   198,200,310


       Segment results
       Profit before tax                       3,075,241      1,242,706      2,017,679           123,873         1,575,325       (163,117)      7,871,707
       Tax                                      (400,251)    (1,045,402)      (344,163)         (475,545)         (259,220)             –      (2,524,581)


       Profit/(loss) for the year              2,674,990       197,304       1,673,516          (351,672)        1,316,105       (163,117)      5,347,126


       Segment and total assets              126,769,676    196,770,992    186,423,719       267,558,352       39,712,256       (8,847,406)   808,387,589


       Segment and total liabilities          63,099,770    142,680,236    169,893,918       210,060,098       19,886,009       (5,807,280)   599,812,751


       Other segment information:
       Interest and dividend income             469,866        240,017       4,274,936          644,705            90,722        (264,488)      5,455,758
       Other income and gains (excluding
          interest and dividend income)        1,187,556      4,528,419      2,648,072          843,138          1,645,275         (11,017)    10,841,443
       Impairment losses recognised
          in the statement of profit or
          loss, net                             (351,670)      (654,204)      (301,475)       (1,628,049)          (83,941)             –      (3,019,339)
       Finance costs                          (1,614,437)    (3,805,945)    (1,629,219)       (5,215,739)         (314,383)       186,161     (12,393,562)
       Share of profits and losses of
       – Joint ventures                         (202,030)       441,934          6,716         2,625,145            (2,015)             –       2,869,750
       – Associates                            2,462,757        197,431         17,401         4,370,834          (234,065)      (125,772)      6,688,586
       Depreciation and amortisation          (3,202,839)    (4,812,238)      (716,029)         (812,988)       (1,012,975)             –     (10,557,069)
       Research and development costs         (4,351,157)      (167,957)        (6,290)          (21,184)         (342,798)         6,486      (4,882,900)
       Fair value (loss)/gain on fair
          value adjustments of investment
          properties                                   –         (8,524)      (305,356)        1,427,764                 –               –      1,113,884
       Fair value (loss)/gain on financial
          assets at fair value through
          profit or loss                        (203,419)       332,510        559,675         1,286,487            80,379          12,571      2,068,203
       Investments in joint ventures              98,910      7,807,473      1,083,583         4,010,328                 6        (416,224)    12,584,076
       Investments in associates              26,183,380      6,767,218      1,729,846        33,908,628         2,079,758      (2,414,250)    68,254,580
       Capital expenditure*                    5,729,258      4,643,632      1,330,305           524,157         1,516,453               –     13,743,805




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
200   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2023




5. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
   Year ended 31 December 2022 (restated)

                                                                                                                Intelligent
                                              Health       Happiness                 Wealth                  Manufacturing
                                                                                                    Asset
                                                                             Insurance        Management                        Eliminations           Total
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
   Segment revenue:
   Sales to external customers            47,209,068      70,455,461       39,459,418          14,946,190      10,355,636                 -      182,425,773
   Inter-segment sales                       792,197         284,068              698             348,477               -        (1,425,440)               -


   Total revenue                          48,001,265      70,739,529       39,460,116          15,294,667      10,355,636        (1,425,440)     182,425,773


   Segment results
   Profit before tax                       4,948,437       5,237,348        (2,267,248)         1,399,638        1,462,948          (89,743)      10,691,380
   Tax                                      (672,447)     (2,571,991)         (498,961)        (3,901,061)         (50,358)               -       (7,694,818)


   Profit/(loss) for the year              4,275,990       2,665,357        (2,766,209)        (2,501,423)       1,412,590          (89,743)       2,996,562


   Segment and total assets              120,454,202     200,117,980      179,551,315         269,113,047      47,424,454       (10,284,765)     806,376,233


   Segment and total liabilities          59,223,893     147,602,416      164,952,083         225,380,343      17,299,410        (7,156,931)     607,301,214


   Other segment information:
   Interest and dividend income             347,074          248,996         3,507,980            905,151           61,744         (164,884)       4,906,061
   Other income and gains (excluding
      interest and dividend income)        1,098,443       6,733,348         1,159,969          7,835,098           95,462          (22,073)      16,900,247
   Impairment losses recognised
      in the statement of profit or
      loss, net                             (343,852)        (80,844)          (36,923)        (2,766,240)        (459,408)              -        (3,687,267)
   Finance costs                          (1,175,476)     (2,985,439)       (1,676,972)        (4,936,469)        (270,545)        158,219       (10,886,682)
   Share of profits and losses of
   – Joint ventures                         (233,925)        656,997          (288,825)            47,605          798,094          (13,656)         966,290
   – Associates                            2,026,082        (757,487)          193,476          2,603,506          388,392          (55,470)       4,398,499
   Depreciation and amortisation          (2,545,503)     (4,082,175)         (674,917)          (713,475)        (990,885)               -       (9,006,955)
   Research and development costs         (4,305,647)       (234,710)           (6,567)           (37,081)        (327,664)               -       (4,911,669)
   Fair value (loss)/gain on fair
      value adjustments of investment
      properties                                   -          (3,891)         347,710           8,499,539                 -                -       8,843,358
   Fair value (loss)/gain on financial
      assets at fair value through
      profit or loss                        (319,035)        432,255        (2,533,721)           619,656           32,581              726       (1,767,538)
   Investments in joint ventures             250,606       6,287,576         1,099,385          2,707,710                -         (442,202)       9,903,075
   Investments in associates              25,260,181       6,950,696         1,926,563         34,859,852        2,011,399       (2,354,732)      68,653,959
   Capital expenditure*                    5,819,005       3,536,590         1,835,362          1,160,282        1,466,418                -       13,817,657

   *          Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment, exploration and evaluation assets, mining rights, intangible assets,
              investment properties, and oil and gas assets.




                                                                                                                          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                        201
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




5. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       Geographical information
       (A)     REVENUE FROM EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS
                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (Restated)
               Chinese Mainland                                                                     108,998,994             98,263,205
               Portugal                                                                              20,587,915             17,816,250
               Other countries and regions                                                           68,613,401             66,346,318


               Total                                                                                198,200,310           182,425,773


               The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


       (B)     ASSETS EXPECTED TO BE RECOVERED MORE THAN 12 MONTHS
                                                                                                          2023                   2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000
               Chinese Mainland                                                                     206,718,478           200,882,005
               Portugal                                                                              23,750,359            24,191,381
               Other countries and regions                                                          102,028,563            93,573,105


               Total                                                                                332,497,400           318,646,491


               The information of the assets that are expected to be recovered more than 12 months after the reporting period as
               disclosed above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial instruments, deferred tax assets, insurance
               contract assets and reinsurance contract assets.


       Information about a major customer
       No revenue amounting to 10% or more of the Group’s revenue was derived from sales to a single customer for the years ended 31
       December 2023 and 2022.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
202   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




6. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
  Revenue represents the net invoiced value of goods or properties sold after allowances for returns, trade discounts and various
  types of government surcharges, where applicable during the year. In addition, it includes the value of services rendered, insurance
  revenue from the insurance business, rental income from investment properties and interest income during the year.

  An analysis of revenue, other income and gains is as follows:

                                                                                                      2023                      2022
                                                                              Notes                RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                           (Restated)
  Revenue

  Revenue from contracts with customers
  – Sale of goods                                                               (1)             115,811,611            107,463,860
  – Rendering of services                                                       (2)              39,996,251             33,604,587


  Subtotal                                                                                      155,807,862            141,068,447


  Revenue from other sources
  – Insurance revenue                                                           (3)              36,926,456              39,052,636
  – Rental income                                                                                 2,238,607               2,036,566
  – Interest income                                                                               3,818,035               1,007,790


  Subtotal                                                                                       42,983,098              42,096,992


  Others
  – Less: Government surcharges                                                                    (590,650)               (739,666)


  Total revenue                                                                                 198,200,310            182,425,773


  (1)    Sale of goods:

         Pharmaceuticals and medical products                                                    34,104,700              37,488,585
         Properties                                                                              17,580,173              16,530,005
         Gold and jewelleries                                                                    36,726,694              33,071,111
         Ore products                                                                             1,749,896               1,720,890
         Oil and gas                                                                              1,754,965               1,577,917
         Fashion products                                                                         7,886,167               4,444,024
         New functional materials                                                                   453,787                       –
         Others                                                                                  15,555,229              12,631,328


         Total                                                                                  115,811,611            107,463,860


  (2)    Rendering of services:

         Tourism                                                                                 17,053,367              12,869,940
         Healthcare                                                                               9,871,662               9,676,880
         Property agency                                                                            246,889                 225,618
         Property management                                                                      1,496,100               1,612,579
         Asset management                                                                           703,696                 711,361
         Fee and commission income                                                                2,369,497               2,211,621
         Others                                                                                   8,255,040               6,296,588


         Total                                                                                   39,996,251              33,604,587


                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                   203
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




6. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
       An analysis of revenue, other income and gains is as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                           2023                     2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                                               (Restated)
       (3)     Insurance revenue:


               Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage:
                Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                          8,583,375             10,864,611
                Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                         414,518                589,175
                CSM recognised for services provided                                                   2,128,566              2,359,570
                Other amounts                                                                          1,022,835               (490,067)
               Amounts relating to recovery of insurance acquisition cash flow                           479,883                485,247


               Contracts not measured under the PAA                                                   12,629,177             13,808,536
               Contracts measured under the PAA                                                       24,297,279             25,244,100


               Total                                                                                  36,926,456             39,052,636


               Represented by:
               Contracts measured under the fair value approach                                        1,670,938               1,560,980
               Contracts other than those to which fair value approach or modified
                 retrospective approach are applied                                                   35,255,518             37,491,656


               Total                                                                                  36,926,456             39,052,636


       Performance obligations
       Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


       SALE OF GOODS
       The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the products and payment is generally due within 30 to 180 days from
       delivery, or payment in advance is required in some cases.


       SALE OF COMPLETED PROPERTIES
       If control of the asset is transferred over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by reference to the progress
       towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. Otherwise, revenue is recognised at the point in time when the
       customer obtains the physical possession or the legal title of the completed property and the Group has the present right to
       payment and the collection of the consideration is probable.


       SERVICE INCOME
       The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and the customer simultaneously receives and consumes
       the benefits. Short-term advances are normally required before rendering the services.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
204   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2023




6. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
   An analysis of revenue, other income and gains is as follows: (Continued)

   Disaggregated revenue information
   Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers with the amounts disclosed in the segment
   information:

   Segments:

   For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                                                                  Intelligent
                                              Health       Happiness                  Wealth                   Manufacturing
                                                                                                     Asset
                                                                               Insurance       Management                               Total
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
   Types of goods or services
   Sale of goods                          33,673,756      65,280,775              1,872           4,107,438        12,747,770      115,811,611
   Rendering of services                  11,751,097      23,105,379            526,463           4,527,417            85,895       39,996,251


   Total revenue from contracts with
     customers                            45,424,853      88,386,154            528,335           8,634,855        12,833,665      155,807,862


   Timing of revenue recognition
   Goods transferred at a point in time   33,673,756      65,280,775              1,872           4,107,438        12,747,770      115,811,611
   Services transferred over time         11,751,097      23,105,379            526,463           4,527,417            85,895       39,996,251


   Total revenue from contracts
     with customers                       45,424,853      88,386,154            528,335           8,634,855        12,833,665      155,807,862

   Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers with the amounts disclosed in the segment
   information:

   For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                                                                                                   Intelligent
                                              Health        Happiness                 Wealth                    Manufacturing
                                                                                                     Asset
                                                                               Insurance       Management                                Total
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
   Types of goods or services
   Sale of goods                          37,231,061      53,043,180              1,287           6,855,966        10,332,366      107,463,860
   Rendering of services                  10,122,643      17,618,105            406,362           5,352,221           105,256       33,604,587


   Total revenue from contract with
     customers                            47,353,704      70,661,285            407,649          12,208,187        10,437,622      141,068,447


   Timing of revenue recognition
   Goods transferred at a point in time   37,231,061      53,043,180              1,287           6,855,966        10,332,366      107,463,860
   Services transferred over time         10,122,643      17,618,105            406,362           5,352,221           105,256       33,604,587


   Total revenue from contract with
     customers                            47,353,704      70,661,285            407,649          12,208,187        10,437,622      141,068,447




                                                                                                              FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                            205
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




6. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
       An analysis of revenue, other income and gains is as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                    2023           2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                              (Restated)
       Other income


       Interest income                                                                           1,080,357      960,883
       Dividends and interest from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         1,762,873    1,699,729
       Dividends from equity investments designated at fair value through other
         comprehensive income (note 31)                                                           159,312      145,737
       Interest income from debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
          income                                                                                 2,453,216    2,099,712
       Rental income                                                                               772,475      548,998
       Government grants                                                                           956,689      788,809
       Fee income relating to investment contracts                                               1,104,717    1,003,614
       Others                                                                                    1,127,134    1,563,214


       Total other income                                                                        9,416,773    8,810,696


       Gains


       Gain on disposal of subsidiaries (note 56(b))                                             1,606,965    1,253,732
       Gain on bargain purchase of subsidiaries                                                          –      306,277
       Gain on remeasurement of previously held interests in step acquisitions
         of subsidiaries                                                                                 –    1,408,718
       Gain on deemed disposal of associates                                                       106,147       35,337
       Gain on disposal of joint ventures                                                          311,177      468,590
       Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                                  336,502       89,157
       Gain on disposal of items of intangible assets                                              604,138      330,755
       Gain on disposal of assets classified as held for sale                                      733,412            –
       Gain on fair value adjustment of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    2,068,203            –
       Gain on fair value adjustment of investment properties (note 33)                          1,113,884    8,843,358
       Gain on reversal of impairment of debt investments measured at fair value
         through other comprehensive income                                                              –         120
       Gain on rent concessions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic                                     –      96,697
       Exchange gain, net                                                                                –     162,871


       Total gains                                                                               6,880,428   12,995,612


       Total other income and gains                                                             16,297,201   21,806,308




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
206   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2023




7. FINANCIAL EXPENSES FROM INSURANCE CONTRACTS ISSUED
                                                                             2023                     2022
                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Restated)
  Interest accreted to insurance contracts and effect of changes in
     financial assumptions                                              (3,069,853)             4,311,717


  Net foreign exchange income                                             133,698                 522,058


  Total financial (expenses)/income from insurance contracts issued     (2,936,155)             4,833,775


  Represented by:
  Amounts recognised in profit and loss                                   (918,876)               (23,371)
  Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income                      (2,017,279)             4,857,146


8. FINANCIAL INCOME FROM REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD
                                                                             2023                     2022
                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Restated)
  Interest accreted to reinsurance contracts and effect of changes
     in financial assumptions                                             232,105                (161,729)
  Net foreign exchanges expenses                                           (2,286)                (29,331)


  Total financial income/(expenses) from reinsurance contracts issued     229,819                (191,060)


  Represented by:
  Amounts recognised in profit and loss                                   126,071                  50,213
  Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income                        103,748                (241,273)


9. FINANCE COSTS
  An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
  Interest on bank and other borrowings (including convertible bonds)   12,262,788             11,568,294
  Incremental interest on other long term payables (note 49)                18,983                  5,609
  Interest on lease liabilities (note 34)                                  838,375                642,346


                                                                        13,120,146             12,216,249
  Less: Interest capitalised, in respect of bank and other borrowings
          (note 19 and note 32)                                         (1,055,982)            (1,751,413)


  Interest expenses, net                                                12,064,164             10,464,836


  Interest on discounted notes                                             10,047                   9,440
  Bank charges and other financial costs                                  319,351                 412,406


  Total                                                                 12,393,562             10,886,682



                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                         207
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




10. PROFIT BEFORE TAX
       The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                      2023           2022
                                                                                         Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                                (Restated)
       Cost of sales:
         Cost of inventories sold                                                                 85,844,409   73,177,657
         Cost of services provided                                                                27,884,790   23,219,606


                                                                                                 113,729,199   96,397,263


       Insurance service expense                                                                  30,204,086   35,406,066


       Staff costs (including directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration
         and five highest paid employees as set out in note 11):
       Wages and salaries                                                                         25,513,616   20,499,130
       Accommodation benefits:
         Defined contribution fund                                                                 1,030,603     892,772
       Retirement costs:
         Defined contribution fund                                                                 1,312,093    1,169,586
         Defined benefit fund                                                                         80,905      103,667
       Equity-settled share-based payments (note 58)                                                 271,677      253,790


       Total staff costs                                                                          28,208,894   22,918,945


       Research and development costs                                                              4,882,900    4,911,669
       Auditor’s remuneration                                                                         11,900       11,350
       Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment                             32       3,936,784    3,589,760
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                34       3,271,188    2,670,621
       Amortisation of mining rights                                                      36          16,594       16,234
       Amortisation of oil and gas assets                                                 37         601,704      500,396
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                                  38       2,730,799    2,229,944
       Impairment of financial assets, net:
         – Impairment of receivables                                                                299,981      632,680
         – Impairment/(reversal of) of debt investments measured at fair value through
            other comprehensive income                                                               94,315         (120)
         – Provision for loans and advances to customers                                  16        116,241       30,648
         – Provision for impairment of debt investments at amortised cost                           236,357       33,453
         – Impairment of finance lease receivables                                        26         49,541       13,093




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
208   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2023




10. PROFIT BEFORE TAX (Continued)
   The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting): (Continued)

                                                                                                                    2023                   2022
                                                                                              Notes              RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                                      (Restated)
   Provision for inventories                                                                                      234,796               472,050
   Provision for impairment of oil and gas assets                                               37                      –               174,145
   Provision for impairment of completed properties for sale                                                      340,456                14,259
   Provision for impairment of items of property, plant and equipment                           32                 47,256                57,870
   Provision for impairment of investments in associates                                                          904,641             1,908,093
   Provision for impairment of intangible assets                                                38                144,525               149,703
   Provision for impairment of right of use assets                                              34                 36,985                 3,882
   Provision for impairment of properties under development                                                       438,049                     –
   Provision for impairment of goodwill                                                         41                 76,196               197,511
   Lease payment not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                                             364,348               346,215
   (Gain)/loss on fair value adjustment of financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                                                                            (2,068,203)            1,767,538
   Loss on disposal/partial disposal of associates                                                                 88,739             2,080,507
   Loss on disposal of debt investments at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                                                         341,614               235,429
   Loss on derivative financial instruments                                                                       183,902             1,198,406
   Exchange loss/(gain), net                                                                                      854,306              (162,871)

   *       At 31 December 2023, the Group had no forfeited contributions available to reduce its contributions to the pension schemes in the future
           years (2022: Nil).




                                                                                                               FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                             209
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION AND
    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
       Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and
       (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors)
       Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                                                                      2023                       2022
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                    RMB’000
       Directors’ Fees                                                                                                      –                         –


       Other emoluments:
         Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                                   40,040                    40,587
         Performance related bonus*                                                                                 124,214                   133,879
         Pension scheme contributions                                                                                   453                       435


       Total                                                                                                        164,707                   174,901

       *       The executive directors of the Company are entitled to performance related bonus which is determined based on internal appraisal of various
               performance indicators.


       During 2022 and 2023, certain directors were granted share awards and share options in respect of their services to the Group
       under the share award scheme and share option scheme, respectively, of the Company. The Group has recognised an amount of
       RMB71,570,000 as expenses during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB92,555,000), further details of which are set
       out in note 58 to the financial statements. The fair value of the share award and share option, which has been recognised in the
       consolidated statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included
       in the financial statements for the current year is included in the above directors’ remuneration disclosures.


       There were no emoluments paid by the Group or receivable by the directors or past directors as an inducement to join the Group,
       or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office during the year.


       (i)     Independent non-executive directors
               There were no fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year (2022: Nil). The other emoluments
               excluding the equity-settled share award and share option scheme expenses of independent non-executive directors during
               the year were as follows:


                                                                                                                      2023                       2022
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                    RMB’000
               Zhang Shengman                                                                                            675                       644
               Zhang Huaqiao                                                                                             675                       644
               David T. Zhang                                                                                            675                       644
               Lee Kai-Fu                                                                                                675                       644
               Tsang King Suen Katherine                                                                                 675                       644


               Total                                                                                                   3,375                     3,220


               The expenses recognised for the share awards and share options granted for the year ended 2023 are as followings: Mr.
               Zhang Shengman: RMB163,000 (2022: RMB226,000), Mr. Zhang Huaqiao: RMB163,000 (2022: RMB226,000), Mr. David
               T. Zhang: RMB163,000 (2022: RMB226,000), Mr. Lee Kai-Fu: RMB163,000 (2022: RMB226,000) and Ms. Tsang King Suen
               Katherine: RMB156,000 (2022: RMB183,000).




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
210   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION AND
    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)
   (ii) Executive directors’, non-executive directors’ and chief executive’s
        remuneration
       (A)   REMUNERATION EXCLUDING EXPENSES FOR EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE AWARD AND SHARE OPTION SCHEME.
                                                                         Salaries,
                                                                  allowances, and     Performance      Pension scheme           Total
                                                           Fees   benefits in kind   related bonus       contributions   remuneration
                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000
             31 December 2023

             Executive directors:

             Guo Guangchang                                   –             6,946          26,700                  84          33,730
             Wang Qunbin                                      –             6,796          25,663                  84          32,543
             Chen Qiyu                                        –             6,419          25,248                  84          31,751
             Xu Xiaoliang                                     –             6,325          25,248                  60          31,633
             Gong Ping                                        –             3,732           8,308                  84          12,124
             Huang Zhen                                       –             3,659           6,330                   –           9,989
             Pan Donghui (appointed as executive
               director on 29 March 2023)                     –             2,788            6,717                 57              9,562

             Subtotal                                         –            36,665         124,214                 453         161,332

             Non-executive directors:

             Yu Qingfei                                       –                 –                –                   –                 –
             Li Shupei                                        –                 –                –                   –                 –
             Li Fuhua (appointed as non-executive
                director on 2 February 2023)                  –                 –                –                   –                 –

                                                              –                 –                –                   –                 –

             Total                                            –            36,665         124,214                 453         161,332

             31 December 2022

             Executive directors:

             Guo Guangchang                                   –             6,599          29,818                  78          36,495
             Wang Qunbin                                      –             6,456          28,757                  78          35,291
             Chen Qiyu                                        –             6,153          24,558                  78          30,789
             Xu Xiaoliang                                     –             5,948          26,099                  55          32,102
             Qin Xuetang (resigned as executive
               director on 17 February 2023)                  –             3,943          11,091                  68          15,102
             Gong Ping                                        –             3,713           8,224                  78          12,015
             Huang Zhen                                       –             3,630           5,332                   –           8,962

             Subtotal                                         –            36,442         133,879                 435         170,756

             Non-executive directors:

             Yu Qingfei                                       –               603                –                   –              603
             Zhuang Yuemin (resigned as non-executive
                director on 2 February 2023)                  –               322                –                   –              322
             Li Shupei                                        –                 –                –                   –                –

                                                              –               925                –                   –              925

             Total                                            –            37,367         133,879                 435         171,681




                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                    211
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION AND
    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)
       (ii) Executive directors’, non-executive directors’ and chief executive’s
            remuneration (Continued)
               (B)     REMUNERATION OF EXPENSES FOR EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE AWARD AND SHARE OPTION SCHEME.
                       The expenses recognised for the share awards and share options granted for the year ended 31 December 2023 are
                       as followings: Mr. Guo Guangchang: RMB1,185,000 (2022: RMB3,842,000), Mr. Wang Qunbing: RMB1,131,000
                       (2022: RMB3,665,000), Mr. Chen Qiyu: RMB22,630,000 (2022: RMB29,253,000), Mr. Xu Xiaoliang: RMB21,332,000
                       (2022: 25,357,000), Mr. Gong Ping: RMB11,008,000 (2022: RMB11,454,000), Mr. Huang Zhen: RMB6,118,000
                       (2022: RMB5,323,000), Mr. Pan Donghui: RMB7,250,000 (2022: nil), Mr. Yu Qingfei: RMB108,000 (2022:
                       RMB79,000), Mr. Qin Xuetang: nil (2022: RMB12,416,000), Mr. Zhuang Yuemin: nil (2022: RMB79,000).


                       There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and/or emoluments
                       during the year.


       (iii) Five highest paid employees
               The five highest paid employees during the year included five directors (2022: five directors), details of whose remuneration
               are set out in note 9(ii) above. There were no highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the
               Company for the year of 2023 (2022: Nil).


               During 2023, no non-director highest paid employees (2022: Nil) were granted share award and share option in respect of
               their services to the Group, further details of which are included in the disclosures in note 58 to the financial statements.
               The fair value of the share award and share option, which has been recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or
               loss over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements
               for the current year is included in the above non-director highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
212   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2023




12. TAX
   Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits arising in Hong
   Kong during the year. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the countries/
   jurisdictions in which the Group operates.


   The provision for income tax of Peak Reinsurance Company Limited (“Peak Re”) incorporated in Hong Kong acquired by the Group,
   is based on a preferential rate of 8.25% (2022: 8.25%).


   The provision for income tax of Alma Lasers Ltd. (“Alma Lasers”), a subsidiary of the Group incorporated in Israel, is based on a
   preferential effective rate of 6.0% (2022: 6.0%).


   The provision for income tax of Fidelidade – Companhia de Seguros, S.A., and its subsidiaries incorporated in Portugal, is based on
   a rate of 31.5% (2022: 31.5%).


   The provision for income tax of Club Med Holding and its subsidiaries incorporated in France is based on a rate of 25.83% (2022:
   25.83%).


   The provision for income tax of Hauck Aufhäuser Lampe Privatbank AG (“HAL”) and its subsidiaries which was incorporated in
   Germany is based on a rate of 31.88% (2022: 31.88%).


   The provision for income tax of Gland Pharma Limited (“Gland”), which was incorporated in India, was based on a statutory rate of
   25.17% in 2023 (2022: 25.17%).


   The provision for income tax of entities incorporated in the Chinese Mainland was based on a statutory rate of 25% (2022: 25%)
   as determined in accordance with the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China which was approved and
   became effective on 1 January 2008, except for certain subsidiaries of the Group in the Chinese Mainland, which were taxed at
   preferential rates ranging from 0% to 20%.


   The major components of tax expenses for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are as follows:


                                                                                                      2023                       2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                                            (Restated)
   Current – Portugal, Hong Kong and others                                                        1,183,994               2,441,487
   Current – Chinese Mainland
     – Income tax in the Chinese Mainland for the year                                             2,731,596               2,254,921
     – LAT in the Chinese Mainland for the year                                                      582,341               1,295,651
   Deferred (note 42)                                                                             (1,973,350)              1,702,759


   Tax expense for the year                                                                        2,524,581               7,694,818




                                                                                                      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                    213
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




12. TAX (Continued)
       A reconciliation between the tax expenses and profit before tax excluding share of profits and losses of associates and joint
       ventures at the applicable statutory rates for the jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries are domiciled is as follows:

                                                                                          Portugal,
                                                                                        Hong Kong              Chinese
                                                                                        and others            Mainland              Total
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000
       2023


       Profit/(Loss) before tax excluding share of profits and losses of associates
         and joint ventures                                                                 300,296          (1,986,925)         (1,686,629)


       Tax at the applicable tax rate                                                       710,674            (489,803)            220,871
       Different tax rates for specific entities                                            (55,897)           (146,155)           (202,052)
       Tax effect of:
         Income not subject to tax                                                       (2,116,831)           (243,264)         (2,360,095)
         Influence of the change of tax rate on the deferred income tax balance              21,676              (5,105)             16,571
         Expenses not deductible for tax                                                  2,413,744             583,320           2,997,064
         Tax losses and temporary differences not recognised                                369,337           2,346,671           2,716,008
         Tax losses utilised                                                               (359,094)           (294,161)           (653,255)
         Under provision in prior years                                                     (30,118)            (64,976)            (95,094)
         Tax incentives on eligible expenditures                                            (65,677)           (434,968)           (500,645)


       Subtotal                                                                             887,814           1,251,559          2,139,373


       Provision for LAT for the year                                                              –            200,636            200,636
       Deferred tax effect of provision for LAT                                                    –            (50,159)           (50,159)
       Prepaid LAT for the year                                                                    –            381,705            381,705
       Tax effect of prepaid LAT                                                                   –            (95,427)           (95,427)
       Decrease in deferred LAT in deferred tax liabilities (note 42)                              –            (51,547)           (51,547)


       Total                                                                                887,814           1,636,767          2,524,581




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
214   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2023




12. TAX (Continued)
    A reconciliation between the tax expenses and profit before tax excluding share of profits and losses of associates and joint
    ventures at the applicable statutory rates for the jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries are domiciled is as follows:
    (Continued)

                                                                                        Portugal,
                                                                                      Hong Kong              Chinese
                                                                                      and others            Mainland               Total
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000
    2022 (restated)


    (Loss)/Profit before tax excluding share of profits and losses of associates
      and joint ventures                                                              (3,967,121)          9,293,712           5,326,591


    Tax at the applicable tax rate                                                      (122,450)          2,373,359           2,250,909
    Different tax rates for specific entities                                             46,843            (178,601)           (131,758)
    Tax effect of:
      Income not subject to tax                                                         (419,532)           (629,373)         (1,048,905)
      Influence of the change of tax rate on the deferred income tax balance              35,330                  12              35,342
      Expenses not deductible for tax                                                  2,516,538             505,334           3,021,872
      Tax losses and temporary differences not recognised                                409,858           2,267,667           2,677,525
      Tax losses utilised                                                               (714,027)           (380,269)         (1,094,296)
      Under provision in prior years                                                      39,510              13,773              53,283
      Tax incentives on eligible expenditures                                            (78,248)           (314,044)           (392,292)
    Tax impact recognised for disposal associated with certain
      subsidiaries joint ventures and associates                                          75,266           2,435,888           2,511,154
    Reversal of deferred tax liabilities for tax impact on certain investment         (1,128,187)                  –          (1,128,187)


    Subtotal                                                                             660,901           6,093,746           6,754,647


    Provision for LAT for the year                                                              –            889,692             889,692
    Deferred tax effect of provision for LAT                                                    –           (222,353)           (222,353)
    Prepaid LAT for the year                                                                    –            405,959             405,959
    Tax effect of prepaid LAT                                                                   –           (101,489)           (101,489)
    Decrease in deferred LAT in deferred tax liabilities (note 42)                              –            (31,638)            (31,638)


    Total                                                                                660,901           7,033,917           7,694,818


    According to the tax notices issued by the relevant local tax authorities, the Group commenced to pay land appreciation tax (“LAT”)
    at rates ranging from 0.5% to 5% on proceeds from the sale and pre-sale of properties from 2004. The Directors considered that
    the relevant tax authorities would unlikely impose additional LAT levies other than the amount already paid based on the relevant
    percentages of the proceeds from the sale and pre-sale of the Group’s properties.


    During the year, the prepaid LAT of the Group amounted to RMB381,705,000(2022: RMB405,959,000).


    In addition, based on the latest understanding of the LAT regulations from the State Administration of Taxation, the Group made
    an additional LAT provision in the amount of RMB305,679,000 (2022: RMB889,692,000) in respect of the sales of properties in
    the year in accordance with the requirements set forth in the relevant PRC tax laws and regulations. During the year, there was
    RMB105,043,000 LAT provision (2022: nil) was reversed to the consolidated statement of profit or loss upon the completion of the
    liquidation and clearance with the local tax authorities by certain subsidiaries of the Group.




                                                                                                          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                        215
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




13. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                              2023                     2022
                                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000
       2022 final dividend declared in 2023
         – HKD0.014 per ordinary share
         (2021 final dividend declared in 2022
         – HKD0.3 per ordinary share)                                                                       103,349               2,148,152


       A final dividend of HKD0.014 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2022 was declared and approved by
       the shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company on 9 June 2023, amounting to a total of approximately
       HKD114,869,000(equivalent to RMB103,349,000).


       The directors did not recommend the payment of an interim dividend in respect of the year.


       On 27 March 2024, the board of directors of the Company resolved to propose a final dividend for the year ended 31 December
       2023 of HKD0.038 per ordinary share, amounting to a total of approximately HKD311,720,000, subject to the approval by the
       shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.


14. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
    EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
       The calculation of the basic earnings/(loss) per share amount is based on the profit/(loss) for the year attributable to ordinary equity
       holders of the parent, adjusted to reflect the cash dividends distributed to the share award scheme, and the weighted average
       number of ordinary shares of 8,174,151,086 (2022: 8,265,002,799) in issue during the year.


       The calculation of the diluted earnings/(loss) per share amount is based on the profit/(loss) for the year attributable to ordinary
       equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary
       shares in issue during the year, as used in the basic earnings/(loss) per share calculation, and the weighted average number of
       ordinary shares assumed to have been issued on the deemed vesting or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into
       ordinary shares.


       The calculations of basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share are based on:


                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                              2023               2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                            (Restated)
       Earnings/(loss)
       Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent                                1,379,103                 (831,803)


       Less: Cash dividends distributed to the share award scheme                                               (349)                (11,325)


       Adjusted profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
         used in the basic earnings/(loss) per share calculation                                          1,378,754                 (843,128)


       Cash dividends distributed to the share award scheme                                                      349                  11,325


       Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
         used in the diluted earnings/(loss) per share calculation                                        1,379,103                 (831,803)




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
216   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




14. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
    EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT (Continued)
   The calculations of basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share are based on: (Continued)

                                                                                                    Number of shares
                                                                                                      2023                      2022
                                                                                                                           (Restated)
   Shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year
     used in the basic earnings/(loss) per share calculation                                   8,174,151,086         8,265,002,799


   Effect of dilution – weighted average number of ordinary shares:
     – Share award scheme                                                                        21,587,073                            –
     – Share option scheme                                                                                –                            –


   Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation of
    diluted earnings/(loss) per share                                                          8,195,738,159         8,265,002,799


   Basic earnings/(loss) per share (RMB)                                                                0.17                       (0.10)


   Diluted earnings/(loss) per share (RMB)                                                              0.17                       (0.10)


   For the year ended 31 December 2023
   The potential ordinary shares of the share option scheme are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share, because
   the exercise price of the share option scheme is higher than the average market price of the ordinary shares of the Company for
   during the year ended 31 December 2023.


   For the year ended 31 December 2022
   Because the restated diluted loss per share amount is decreased when taking the share award/option scheme into account, the
   share award/option scheme had an anti-dilutive effect on the basic losses per share for the year ended 31 December 2022 and
   were ignored in the calculation of diluted loss per share.




                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                     217
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




15. CASH AND BANK BALANCES AND TERM DEPOSITS
                                                                                                                        2023                       2022
                                                                                             Notes                   RMB’000                    RMB’000
       Cash on hand                                                                                                   55,867                     27,344
       Cash at banks, unrestricted                                                                                73,162,628                 85,446,088


       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                  73,218,495                 85,473,432
       Pledged bank balances                                                                   (1)                10,216,457                  2,606,014
       Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                                              7,100,818                  7,853,099
       Restricted pre-sale proceeds                                                            (2)                 1,446,759                  3,915,461
       Required reserve deposits                                                               (3)                   477,115                    715,994


       Total                                                                                                      92,459,644               100,564,000

       Notes:

                                                                                                                         2023                       2022
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                    RMB’000
       (1)      Pledged bank balances to secure interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (note 50)                 6,871,900                  1,041,172


                Bank balances as various deposits                                                                    3,344,557                  1,564,842


       (2)      In accordance with relevant documents issued by the PRC State-Owned Land and Resource Bureau, certain property development companies
                of the Group are required to place in designated bank accounts certain amounts of pre-sale proceeds of properties as guarantee deposits for
                the construction of related properties. The deposits can only be used for purchases of construction materials and payments of construction
                fees for the relevant property projects when approval from the PRC State-Owned Land and Resource Bureau is obtained.

       (3)      Required reserve deposits amounting to RMB477,115,000 (2022: RMB715,994,000) are placed by Shanghai Fosun High Technology Group
                Finance Co., Ltd. (“Finance Company”), an indirect subsidiary of the Company, with the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”). The reserve
                deposits with the PBOC are not available for use in the Group’s daily operations.

       (4)      The Group has certain deposits in Tebon Securities Co., Ltd., a company controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group. The
                balance as at 31 December 2023 was RMB77,717,000 (2022: RMB32,075,000).

       (5)      The Group has certain deposits in Banco Comercial Português, S.A., an associate of the Group. The balance as at 31 December 2023 was
                RMB58,157,000 (2022: RMB164,903,000).


       In the preparation of the consolidated statement of cash flows, pledged bank balances, time deposits with original maturity of
       more than three months, restricted pre-sale proceeds from properties and required reserve deposits have been excluded from cash
       and cash equivalents.


       Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term time deposits are made for varying
       periods of between one day and three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at
       the respective short-term time deposit rates. The bank balances and pledged deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with
       no recent history of default.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
218   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2023




16. LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS
                                                                                                  2023                    2022
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
  Corporate loans and advances
    – Loans and advances                                                                     12,136,721              11,919,455


  Personal loans
    – Mortgages                                                                               1,064,458                 979,017
    – Other                                                                                   3,240,056               3,488,722


  Subtotal                                                                                    4,304,514               4,467,739


  Total                                                                                      16,441,235              16,387,194


  Allowance for impairment
    – Corporate loans and advances                                                             (200,475)                (78,551)
    – Personal loans                                                                           (143,165)               (145,699)


  Subtotal                                                                                     (343,640)               (224,250)


  Loans and advances to customers, net                                                       16,097,595              16,162,944


                                                                                                  2023                    2022
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
  Gross loans and advances to customers                                                      16,441,235              16,387,194


  Allowance for impairment
    – Individually assessed                                                                    (269,838)               (179,067)
    – Collectively assessed                                                                     (73,802)                (45,183)


  Subtotal                                                                                     (343,640)               (224,250)


  Loans and advances to customers, net                                                       16,097,595              16,162,944


  The movements in the allowance for impairment of loans and advances to customers are as follows:


                                                                                                  2023                    2022
                                                                           Note                RMB’000                 RMB’000
  As at 1 January                                                                               224,250                 191,675


  Allowance for impairment losses                                           10                  116,241                   30,648
  Exchange differences                                                                            3,149                    1,927


  At 31 December                                                                                343,640                 224,250




                                                                                                 FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                               219
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




17. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000
       Trade receivables                                                                                13,676,040              12,298,558
       Notes receivable                                                                                    738,126                 901,893


       Total                                                                                            14,414,166              13,200,451


       An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000
       Outstanding balances with ages:
       Within 90 days                                                                                   10,477,833              10,233,845
       91 to 180 days                                                                                    1,124,775               1,097,546
       181 to 365 days                                                                                   1,655,346                 683,256
       1 to 2 years                                                                                        614,929                 479,048
       2 to 3 years                                                                                        223,907                 198,183
       Over 3 years                                                                                        235,918                 179,687


       Subtotal                                                                                         14,332,708              12,871,565


       Less:
       Loss allowance for trade receivables                                                                656,668                    573,007


       Total                                                                                            13,676,040              12,298,558


       The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000
       At the beginning of the year                                                                        573,007                 616,686
       Amount written off as uncollectible                                                                 (61,259)               (228,945)
       Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                             (2,036)                (12,902)
       Impairment losses, net                                                                              132,907                 190,936
       Exchange realignment                                                                                 14,049                   7,232


       At the end of the year                                                                              656,668                    573,007


       The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of
       the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, the balances are grouped based
       on credit risk characteristics and the ageing analysis. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of
       money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and
       forecasts of future economic conditions.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
220   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2023




17. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a provision matrix:

                                                             Less than          6 to
                                                             6 months      12 months      1 to 2 years Over 2 years               Total
   31 December 2023


   Expected credit loss rate                                    1.04%          5.94%          15.38%           74.64%
   Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                          11,602,608      1,655,346         614,929          459,825      14,332,708
   Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                            120,482         98,405          94,571          343,210         656,668


   31 December 2022


   Expected credit loss rate                                    1.70%          6.45%          23.74%           59.03%
   Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                          11,331,391        683,256         479,048          377,870      12,871,565
   Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                            192,138         44,054         113,741          223,074         573,007


   Trade and notes receivables of the Group mainly arose from the Health segment and the Happiness segment. Credit terms granted
   to the Group’s customers are as follows:


                                                                                                                          Credit terms
   Health segment                                                                                                        90 to 180 days
   Happiness segment                                                                                                     30 to 360 days


   As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s trade and notes receivables with a carrying amount of approximately RMB283,253,000 (31
   December 2022: RMB473,279,000) were pledged to secure interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and other liabilities, as set
   out in note 50 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                      221
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




18. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                             2023          2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000
       Raw materials                                                                                    3,329,798      4,287,710
       Work in progress                                                                                11,629,430     10,764,528
       Finished goods                                                                                  11,588,108     10,827,321
       Spare parts and consumables                                                                        238,974        192,196


       Subtotal                                                                                        26,786,310     26,071,755


       Less: provision for inventories                                                                    (552,464)     (422,047)


       Total                                                                                           26,233,846     25,649,708


       The inventories pledged to secure interest-bearing bank and other borrowings
         are as follows:


       Net book value pledged (note 50)                                                                    797,680      929,883


19. PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT
                                                                                                             2023          2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000
       Land cost                                                                                       34,330,920     43,518,798
       Construction costs                                                                               6,385,030     11,796,912
       Capitalised finance costs                                                                        6,498,343      6,763,418


       Subtotal                                                                                        47,214,293     62,079,128


       Provision for impairment of properties under development                                           (438,049)            –


       Total                                                                                           46,776,244     62,079,128


       The properties pledged to secure interest-bearing and other borrowings and other liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                                             2023          2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000
       Net book value pledged (note 50)                                                                31,545,999     34,365,862


       Additions to properties under development include:
         Interest expense capitalised in respect of bank and other borrowings (note 9)                     952,670     1,733,940


       The Group’s properties under development are mainly situated in PRC.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
222   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




20. CONTRACT ASSETS AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                                     2023                       2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000                    RMB’000
  Contract assets
    Sales of industrial products                                                                     46,666                  578,354
    Provision of research and development services                                                  147,396                        –


  Other assets
    Right-of-return assets                                                                           29,400                   31,133
    Others                                                                                            5,804                      781


  Subtotal                                                                                           35,204                   31,914


  Total                                                                                             229,266                  610,268


  The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets and other assets as at 31 December 2023 is as follows:


                                                                                                     2023                       2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000                    RMB’000
  Within one year                                                                                   229,266                  610,268
  More than one year                                                                                      –                        –


  Total                                                                                             229,266                  610,268




                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                   223
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




21. BALANCES WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED COMPANIES
                                                                                                                    2023                      2022
                                                                                          Notes                  RMB’000                   RMB’000
       Due from related companies:
         Associates                                                                        (i)/(ii)             2,644,814                2,837,208
         Joint ventures                                                                      (iii)             15,370,254               10,092,085


       Total                                                                                                   18,015,068               12,929,293

       Notes:

       (i)      As at 31 December 2023, the balances due from associates included the amount of RMB916,208,000 (2022: RMB1,181,729,000), which
                was non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The balances due from associates also included the amount of
                RMB370,962,000 (2022: RMB370,449,000), which was non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and will not be repaid within one year.

       (ii)     As at 31 December 2023, the balances due from associates included an amount of RMB1,357,644,000 (2022: RMB1,285,030,000), which
                was trade in nature, interest-free and repayable on demand.

       (iii)    As at 31 December 2023, the balances due from joint ventures included an amount of RMB12,066,024,000 (2022: RMB7,318,383,000),
                which was non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

                As at 31 December 2023, the balances due from joint ventures included an amount of RMB3,298,783,000 (2022: RMB2,747,711,000),
                which was non-trade in nature, unsecured, bore interest at a fixed interest rate of 7.00%-8.00% per annum and repayable on demand. The
                balances due from joint ventures included an amount of RMB5,447,000 (2022: RMB25,991,000), which was trade in nature, interest-free and
                repayable on demand.

                As at 31 December 2023, the balance due from joint ventures included an amount of RMB5,465,000,000 (31 December 2022: nil) were
                pledged to secure interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, as set out in note 50 to the financial statements.


                                                                                                                      2023                     2022
                                                                                           Notes                   RMB’000                  RMB’000
                Due to the holding company                                                   (iv)                   244,358                  122,606


                Due to the related companies:
                  Associates                                                              (v)/(vi)                1,767,421                3,596,714
                  Joint ventures                                                            (vii)                   431,613                1,507,505


                Total                                                                                             2,199,034                5,104,219


       (iv)     As at 31 December 2023, the balances due to the holding company included an amount of RMB244,358,000(2022: RMB122,606,000), which
                was non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and will not be repaid within one year.

       (v)      As at 31 December 2023, the balances due to associates included an amount of RMB249,128,000 (2022: RMB232,031,000), which was non-
                trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The balances due to associates as at 31 December 2023 included the
                amount of RMB1,409,484,000 (2022: RMB1,419,133,000), which was non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and will not be repaid
                within one year. The balances due to associates included an amount of RMB973,952,000 in 2022 which was non-trade in nature, unsecured,
                bore interest at a fixed interest rate of 7.80% per annum.

       (vi)     The balances due to associates included an amount of RMB108,809,000 (2022: RMB971,598,000), which was trade in nature, interest-free
                and repayable on demand.

       (vii)    As at 31 December 2023, the balances due to joint ventures included an amount of RMB431,613,000(2022: RMB895,277,000), which
                was non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The balances due to joint ventures included an amount of
                RMB612,228,000 in 2022, which was non-trade in nature, interest-free.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
224   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2023




22. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                          2023                   2022
                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000
  Prepayments consist of:
    Prepayments for purchase of pharmaceutical materials                751,256              1,451,011
    Prepayments for purchase of construction materials                    8,695                 88,402
    Prepayments for purchase of tourism services                        758,479                750,942
    Prepayments for purchase of equipment and others                  1,964,390              2,456,865
    Prepaid tax                                                       3,492,692              2,861,372
    Prepaid expenses                                                  2,202,559              1,559,943
    Prepayments for the proposed equity investments                     467,314              1,108,726
    Prepayments for the acquisition of the land                         116,228                  7,600


  Deposits                                                            3,267,584              3,554,265


  Other receivables consist of:
    Funding provided to third parties                                 4,866,699              4,990,568
    Tax recoverable                                                   1,393,609              1,516,627
    Receivable for consideration of disposal of equity investments    2,288,481              4,525,439
    Others                                                           11,830,400             11,833,248


                                                                     33,408,386             36,705,008
  Impairment allowance                                               (1,454,702)            (1,262,687)


  Total                                                              31,953,684             35,442,321




                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                      225
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




23. ASSETS/LIABILITIES DIRECTLY ASSOCIATED WITH THE
    ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
                                                                                                                      2023                       2022
                                                                                            Notes                  RMB’000                    RMB’000
       Carrying amount of the assets classified as held for sale                                                  2,906,203                18,030,509


       Other long term assets                                                                                               –               1,786,557


       Liabilities directly associated with the assets classified as held for sale                                    79,178                  117,467


       Assets
       Investment in an joint venture                                                          (i)                        –                12,810,608
       Investment in associates                                                          (ii)/(iii)/(iv)          1,960,436                 6,706,135
       Property, plant and equipment (note 32)                                                                       59,678                    80,129
       Investment Properties (note 33)                                                                              722,678                         –
       Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                                  122,256                   188,184
       Deferred tax assets (note 42)                                                                                 41,155                    32,010


       Total                                                                                                      2,906,203                19,817,066


       Liabilities
       Accrued liabilities and other payables                                                                         79,178                  117,467


       Liabilities directly associated with the assets classified as held for sale                                    79,178                  117,467

       (i)     On 4 December 2023, the disposal of the 60% equity interests in Nanjing Nangang Iron & Steel United Co., Ltd (“Nanjing Nangang”) has
               been completed. Upon completion of the disposal, the Group ceased to have any equity interest in Nanjing Nangang.

       (ii)    As at 31 December 2023, the equity interests of 5.96% in Banco Comercial Português, S.A (“BCP”), an associate of the Group was classified
               in assets held for sale. BCP is a Portuguese bank whose shares are listed on the Euronext Lisbon. The disposal of 5.96% equity interests in
               BCP was completed in January 2024. Upon completion of the disposal, the Group still holds 20.03% equity interests in BCP and BCP remains
               as an associate of the Group.

       (iii)   In December 2023, the Group completed the disposal of all the equity interests in Tianjin Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin
               Pharmaceutical”) to a third party. Upon completion of the disposal, the Group ceased to have any equity interest in Tianjin Pharmaceutical.

       (iv)    On 5 January 2023, the Company and Shanghai Fosun Industrial Technology Development Co., Ltd. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
               Company,“Fosun Industrial Development”) entered into the equity transfer agreement with Beijing Camdragon Heavy Industry Group Co.,
               Ltd. (“Camdragon Heavy Industry”), pursuant to which Fosun Industrial Development has agreed to sell and Camdragon Heavy Industry has
               agreed to purchase, a 25.7033% equity interest in Tianjin Jianlong, a 26.6667% equity interest in Jianlong Steel Holdings Co., Ltd., and a
               26.6667% equity interest in Beijing Northern Jianlong Industrial Co., Ltd., the Company has agreed to sell, and Camdragon Investment Co.
               Ltd. has agreed to purchase a 26.6667% equity interest in Janeboat Holdings Ltd. (the “Tianjin Jianlong Disposals”). The Tianjin Jianlong
               Disposals were completed in March 2023. The second stage payment of the consideration will be paid in accordance with the agreed detail
               payment arrangement within 20 years and the amount of RMB1,786,557,000 was recognised in prepayment, other receivables and other
               assets as at 31 December 2023.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
226   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2023




24. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   31 December 2023


                                                                                           Fair value
   Derivatives held for trading                                                          Assets              Liabilities
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000
   Currency derivatives
      Currency forwards, futures and swaps, and cross-currency interest rate swaps     899,774               1,001,904
   Interest rate derivatives
      Interest rate swaps                                                               561,731                243,144
      Interest rate futures                                                                   –                 17,761
      Interest rate options                                                              25,327                 25,371
   Equity derivatives                                                                 1,307,491              2,561,756
   Other derivatives                                                                    583,485                 69,881


   Subtotal                                                                           3,377,808              3,919,817


   Qualifying for hedge accounting


   Currency derivatives
      Currency forwards, futures and swaps                                             107,423                   84,179
   Interest rate derivatives
      Interest rate swaps                                                              130,445                   35,513


   Subtotal                                                                            237,868                 119,692


   Total                                                                              3,615,676              4,039,509




                                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                      227
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




24. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
       31 December 2022


                                                                                               Fair value
       Derivatives held for trading                                                         Assets           Liabilities
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


       Currency derivatives
          Currency forwards, futures and swaps, and cross-currency interest rate swaps   1,555,119          1,295,507
       Interest rate derivatives
          Interest rate swaps                                                             698,227            188,229
          Interest rate futures                                                            42,263                549
          Interest rate options                                                            44,877             44,877
       Equity derivatives                                                                 122,374            573,962
       Other derivatives                                                                  598,246            881,396


       Subtotal                                                                          3,061,106          2,984,520


       Qualifying for hedge accounting


       Currency derivatives
          Currency forwards, futures and swaps                                            381,210            134,870
       Interest rate derivatives
          Interest rate swaps                                                              95,022              29,353


       Subtotal                                                                           476,232            164,223


       Total                                                                             3,537,338          3,148,743




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
228   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2023




25. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
    LOSS
                                                                                              2023                      2022
                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (Restated)
   Listed investments, at fair value                                                     14,068,921              18,594,401
   Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                             38,872,265              41,369,818


   Total                                                                                 52,941,186              59,964,219


   Analysed as:
   Equity investments                                                                    42,219,961              48,442,906
   Debt investments                                                                      10,721,225              11,521,313


   Total                                                                                 52,941,186              59,964,219


   As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss with a carrying amount of
   RMB11,221,408,000 (31 December 2022: RMB3,859,468,000) were pledged to secure interest-bearing bank and other borrowings
   and other liabilities.


   As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss with a carrying amount of
   RMB1,424,714,000 (31 December 2022: RMB1,127,529,000) were pledged to secure assets sold under agreements to repurchase,
   as set out in note 44 to the financial statements.




                                                                                             FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                           229
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




26. FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES
       Total future minimum lease receivables under finance leases and their present values are as follows:


                                                                                                           2023           2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000
       Gross lease receivables:
         Within one year                                                                                  246,067      331,210
         In the second year                                                                               200,655      264,067
         In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                                           495,695      404,593


       Total minimum finance lease receivables                                                            942,417      999,870


         Unearned finance income                                                                         (158,722)     (122,662)
         Future value-added tax                                                                           (23,626)      (43,753)
         Provision for lease receivables                                                                  (60,524)      (43,893)


       Total                                                                                              699,545      789,562


       As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s finance lease receivables with a carrying amount of RMB374,492,000 (2022:
       RMB129,044,000) were pledged to secure interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, as set out in note 50 to the financial
       statements.


       The movements in the allowance for impairment of finance lease receivables are as follows:


                                                                                                           2023           2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000
       At 1 January                                                                                        43,893       35,572
       Additions (note 10)                                                                                 49,541       13,093
       Written off                                                                                        (32,910)      (4,772)


       At 31 December                                                                                         60,524    43,893




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
230   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                              27. INSURANCE/REINSURANCE CONTRACT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                 (1)   The analysis of liabilities for remaining coverage and liabilities for incurred claims is as follows:


                                       2023                                                                           Non-Measured by the premium allocation approach                               Measured by the premium allocation approach
                                                                                                                                                                                    Liability for
                                                                                                                                                                                      remaining
                                                                                                             Liability for remaining coverage                                           coverage            Liabilities for incurred claims
                                                                                                                 Excluding                         Liabilities                         Excluding        Estimates of the                    Risk
                                                                                                                        loss              Loss   for incurred                                loss       present value of         adjustment for
                                                                                                                component          component           claims           Sub-total   component          future cash flows non-financial risk          Sub-total        Total
                                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000                 RMB’000                RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                       Insurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2022 (restated)         18,612,451            952,328     17,006,144        36,570,923        4,408,029               17,512,822               713,738     22,634,589     59,205,512
                                       Insurance contract assets as at 31 December 2022 (restated)               2,768,284            (93,266)    (1,807,762)          867,256          927,608                  (19,818)                    –        907,790      1,775,046
                                       Net insurance contract liabilities/(assets) as at 31 December 2022       15,844,167          1,045,594     18,813,906        35,703,667        3,480,421               17,532,640               713,738     21,726,799     57,430,466


                                       Insurance revenue                                                       (12,629,177)                 –               –      (12,629,177)     (24,297,279)                        –                     –    (24,297,279)   (36,926,456)
                                       Contracts under the fair value transition approach                       (1,670,938)                 –               –       (1,670,938)               –                         –                     –              –     (1,670,938)
                                       Contracts other than those to which fair value approach or modified
                                         retrospective approach are applied                                    (10,958,239)                 –               –      (10,958,239)     (24,297,279)                        –                     –    (24,297,279)   (35,255,518)


                                       Insurance services expenses                                              (3,103,019)          (346,583)    13,509,090        10,059,488        4,551,523               16,409,807                 49,764    21,011,094     31,070,582
                                       Incurred claims and other expenses                                                –         (2,085,754)    14,099,701        12,013,947                –               19,814,071                332,663    20,146,734     32,160,681
                                       Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows                            479,883                  –              –           479,883        4,551,608                        –                      –     4,551,608      5,031,491
                                       Losses on onerous contracts and reversals of those losses                         –          1,739,171              –         1,739,171                –                        –                      –             –      1,739,171
                                       Changes to liabilities for incurred claims                                        –                  –     (4,173,513)       (4,173,513)               –               (3,404,349)              (282,899)   (3,687,248)    (7,860,761)
                                       Investment components                                                    (3,582,902)                 –      3,582,902                 –              (85)                      85                      –             –              –


                                       Insurance service result                                                (15,732,196)          (346,583)    13,509,090        (2,569,689)     (19,745,756)              16,409,807                 49,764     (3,286,185)    (5,855,874)


                                       Insurance finance income or expenses                                      1,480,150             65,797        187,225            1,733,172       (24,526)               1,198,810                28,699      1,202,983      2,936,155
                                       Effect of movements in exchange rates                                     1,051,011            (15,732)       352,403            1,387,682        25,145                1,101,036                41,280      1,167,461      2,555,143
                                       Total changes in the statement of comprehensive income                  (13,201,035)          (296,518)    14,048,718              551,165   (19,745,137)              18,709,653               119,743       (915,741)      (364,576)

FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED




         ANNUAL REPORT 2023



    231
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
    232                       27. INSURANCE/REINSURANCE CONTRACT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)
                                 (1)   The analysis of liabilities for remaining coverage and liabilities for incurred claims is as follows: (Continued)


FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                       2023                                                                          Non-Measured by the premium allocation approach                               Measured by the premium allocation approach
                                                                                                                                                                                   Liability for
                                                                                                                                                                                     remaining
                                                                                                            Liability for remaining coverage                                           coverage            Liabilities for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2023


ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                Excluding                         Liabilities                         Excluding        Estimates of the                    Risk
                                                                                                                       loss              Loss   for incurred                                loss       present value of         adjustment for
                                                                                                               component          component           claims           Sub-total   component          future cash flows non-financial risk          Sub-total        Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000                 RMB’000                RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                       Cash flows:
                                       Premiums received                                                       14,637,947                  –               –       14,637,947       24,018,820                         –                     –    24,018,820     38,656,767
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flow                                         (3,290,334)                 –               –       (3,290,334)      (4,708,649)                        –                     –    (4,708,649)    (7,998,983)
                                       Claims and other insurance service expenses paid,
                                         including investment components                                                –                  –     (11,551,106)     (11,551,106)               –              (15,165,070)                     –    (15,165,070)   (26,716,176)
                                       Total cash flow                                                         11,347,613                  –     (11,551,106)        (203,493)      19,310,171              (15,165,070)                     –      4,145,101      3,941,608


                                       Net insurance contract liabilities/(assets) as at 31 December 2023      13,990,745            749,076     21,311,518        36,051,339        3,045,455               21,077,223               833,481     24,956,159     61,007,498


                                       Insurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2023                   16,742,342            626,187     19,580,211        36,948,740        3,971,667               21,057,407               833,481     25,862,555     62,811,295
                                       Insurance contract assets as at 31 December 2023                         2,751,597           (122,889)    (1,731,307)          897,401          926,212                  (19,816)                    –        906,396      1,803,797
                              27. INSURANCE/REINSURANCE CONTRACT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)
                                 (1)   The analysis of liabilities for remaining coverage and liabilities for incurred claims is as follows: (Continued)

                                       2022                                                                             Non-Measured by the premium allocation approach                                Measured by the premium allocation approach
                                                                                                                                                                                         Liability for
                                                                                                                                                                                          remaining
                                                                                                             Liability for remaining coverage                                               coverage           Liabilities for incurred claims
                                                                                                                 Excluding                              Liabilities                        Excluding Estimates of the                          Risk
                                                                                                                        loss                Loss     for incurred                                 loss present value of            adjustment for
                                                                                                               component             component             claims            Sub-total   component future cash flows non-financial risk                  Sub-total         Total
                                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000
                                       Insurance contract liabilities as at 1 January 2022 (restated)         21,768,865               418,862       13,639,660           35,827,387      5,365,386          28,471,141              642,717          34,479,244     70,306,631
                                       Insurance contract assets as at 1 January 2022 (restated)               1,727,926               (39,269)      (1,024,726)             663,931        829,831           4,696,092                    –           5,525,923      6,189,854
                                       Net insurance contract liabilities/(assets) as at 1 January 2022       20,040,939               458,131       14,664,386           35,163,456      4,535,555          23,775,049              642,717          28,953,321     64,116,777


                                       Insurance revenue                                                     (13,808,536)                     –                  –        (13,808,536)   (25,244,100)                  –                    –         (25,244,100)   (39,052,636)
                                       Contracts under the fair value transition approach                     (1,560,980)                     –                  –         (1,560,980)             –                   –                    –                   –     (1,560,980)
                                       Contracts other than those to which fair value approach or modified
                                         retrospective approach are applied                                  (12,247,556)                     –                  –        (12,247,556)   (25,244,100)                  –                    –         (25,244,100)   (37,491,656)


                                       Insurance services expenses                                             (1,884,575)             589,617       16,228,870            14,933,912     5,307,214          15,853,527               94,555          21,255,296      36,189,208
                                       Incurred claims and other expenses                                               –           (2,084,101)      25,698,217            23,614,116             –          15,444,797              253,722          15,698,519      39,312,635
                                       Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows                           485,247                    –                –               485,247     5,317,123                   –                    –           5,317,123       5,802,370
                                       Losses on onerous contracts and reversals of those losses                        –            2,673,718                –             2,673,718             –                   –                    –                   –       2,673,718
                                       Changes to liabilities for incurred claims                                       –                    –      (11,839,169)          (11,839,169)            –             398,821             (159,167)            239,654     (11,599,515)
                                       Investment components                                                   (2,369,822)                   –        2,369,822                     –        (9,909)              9,909                    –                   –               –


                                       Insurance service result                                              (15,693,111)              589,617       16,228,870            1,125,376     (19,936,886)        15,853,527               94,555           (3,988,804)    (2,863,428)


                                       Insurance finance income or expenses                                     (724,866)              (63,999)      (2,008,251)           (2,797,116)        59,973          (2,052,502)             (44,130)         (2,036,659)    (4,833,775)
                                       Effect of movements in exchange rates                                     223,336                61,845        1,420,102             1,705,283      5,934,669          (5,522,851)              20,596             432,414      2,137,697
                                       Total changes in the statement of comprehensive income                (16,194,641)              587,463       15,640,721                33,543    (13,942,244)          8,278,174               71,021          (5,593,049)    (5,559,506)

FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED




         ANNUAL REPORT 2023



    233
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
    234                       27. INSURANCE/REINSURANCE CONTRACT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)
                                 (1)   The analysis of liabilities for remaining coverage and liabilities for incurred claims is as follows: (Continued)


FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                       2022                                                                            Non-Measured by the premium allocation approach                                Measured by the premium allocation approach
                                                                                                                                                                                        Liability for
                                                                                                                                                                                         remaining
                                                                                                            Liability for remaining coverage                                               coverage           Liabilities for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2023


ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                Excluding                              Liabilities                        Excluding Estimates of the                          Risk
                                                                                                                       loss                Loss     for incurred                                 loss present value of            adjustment for
                                                                                                              component             component             claims            Sub-total   component future cash flows non-financial risk                  Sub-total         Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


                                       Cash flows:
                                       Premiums received                                                     14,837,389                      –                  –        14,837,389     21,433,162             845,051                     –         22,278,213     37,115,602
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flow                                       (2,839,520)                     –                  –        (2,839,520)    (4,131,262)                  –                     –         (4,131,262)    (6,970,782)
                                       Claims and other insurance service expenses paid,
                                         including investment components                                              –                      –     (11,491,201)          (11,491,201)            –         (11,298,717)                    –         (11,298,717)   (22,789,918)
                                       Total cash flow                                                       11,997,869                      –     (11,491,201)              506,668    17,301,900         (10,453,666)                    –           6,848,234      7,354,902


                                       Disposal                                                                         –                    –                  –                  –    (4,414,790)          (4,066,917)                   –          (8,481,707)    (8,481,707)


                                       Net insurance contract liabilities/(assets) as at 31 December 2022    15,844,167             1,045,594       18,813,906           35,703,667      3,480,421          17,532,640              713,738          21,726,799     57,430,466


                                       Insurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2022 (restated)      18,612,451               952,328       17,006,144           36,570,923      4,408,029          17,512,822              713,738          22,634,589     59,205,512
                                       Insurance contract assets as at 31 December 2022 (restated)            2,768,284               (93,266)      (1,807,762)             867,256        927,608             (19,818)                   –             907,790      1,775,046
                                                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2023




27. I N S U R A N C E / R E I N S U R A N C E C O N T R A C T A S S E T S A N D
    LIABILITIES (Continued)
    (2)   The analysis of contractual service margin for insurance contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach is
          as follows:

          2023                                                                                                             CSM
                                                                                                                                  Contracts other
                                                                                                                                       than those
                                                                                                                                    to which fair
                                                                             Estimates of                         Contracts       value approach
                                                                              the present                             under           or modified
                                                                                     value                Risk    fair value        retrospective
                                                                                 of future     adjustment for     transition        approach are
                                                                               cash flows    non-financial risk    approach               applied         Total
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000              RMB’000        RMB’000
          Insurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2022 (restated)    30,314,328             2,036,186    3,281,660              938,749      36,570,923
          Insurance contract assets as at 31 December 2022 (restated)          1,244,808              (160,756)           –             (216,796)        867,256
          Net insurance contract liabilities/(assets) as at
            31 December 2022                                                  29,069,520             2,196,942    3,281,660            1,155,545      35,703,667


          Changes that relate to current services                               2,091,092              (97,873)    (542,042)           (1,586,524)       (135,347)
          Contractual service margin recognised for services provided                   –                    –     (542,042)           (1,586,524)     (2,128,566)
          Changes in risk adjustment for non-financial risk                             –              (97,873)           –                     –         (97,873)
          Experience adjustments                                                2,091,092                    –            –                     –       2,091,092


          Changes that relate to future services                                 (581,845)             332,201      394,280            1,594,535       1,739,171
          Contracts initially recognised in the period                         (1,884,329)             382,850      293,097            1,286,701          78,319
          Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin        (326,160)             (82,857)     101,183              307,834               –
          Changes in estimates that do not adjust the
            contractual service margin                                          1,628,644               32,208            –                     –      1,660,852


          Changes that relate to past services                                 (3,708,174)            (465,339)           –                     –      (4,173,513)
          Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims                       (3,708,174)            (465,339)           –                     –      (4,173,513)


          Insurance service result                                             (2,198,927)            (231,011)    (147,762)               8,011       (2,569,689)


          Insurance finance income or expenses                                  1,545,637              120,374       41,891               25,270       1,733,172
          Effect of movements in exchange rates                                 1,121,399               56,718      189,783               19,782       1,387,682
          Total changes in the statement of comprehensive income                  468,109              (53,919)      83,912               53,063         551,165


          Cash flows:
          Premiums paid                                                       14,637,947                     –            –                     –     14,637,947
          Insurance acquisition cash flow                                     (3,290,334)                    –            –                     –     (3,290,334)
          Claims and other insurance service expenses paid,
            including investment components                                   (11,551,106)                   –            –                     –     (11,551,106)
          Total cash flow                                                        (203,493)                   –            –                     –        (203,493)


          Net insurance contract liabilities/(assets)
           as at 31 December 2023                                             29,334,135             2,143,023    3,365,572            1,208,608      36,051,338


          Insurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2023               30,749,427             1,987,841    3,365,572              845,900      36,948,740
          Insurance contract assets as at 31 December 2023                     1,415,292              (155,182)           –             (362,708)        897,402




                                                                                                                               FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                             235
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




27. I N S U R A N C E / R E I N S U R A N C E C O N T R A C T A S S E T S A N D
    LIABILITIES (Continued)
       (2)     The analysis of contractual service margin for insurance contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach is
               as follows: (Continued)

               2022                                                                                                         CSM
                                                                                                                                    Contracts other
                                                                                                                                         than those
                                                                                                                                      to which fair
                                                                                  Estimates of                         Contracts    value approach
                                                                                   the present                             under        or modified
                                                                                          value                Risk    fair value     retrospective
                                                                                      of future     adjustment for     transition     approach are
                                                                                    cash flows    non-financial risk   approach             applied         Total
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000      RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000
               Insurance contract liabilities as at 1 January 2022 (restated)     29,531,535             1,716,306     3,734,201           845,345    35,827,387
               Insurance contract assets as at 1 January 2022 (restated)             948,824              (103,949)            –          (180,944)      663,931
               Net insurance contract liabilities/(assets)
                 as at 1 January 2022                                             28,582,711             1,820,255     3,734,201         1,026,289    35,163,456


               Changes that relate to current services                            12,567,994                82,403      (477,312)       (1,882,258)   10,290,827
               Contractual service margin recognised for services provided                 –                     –      (477,312)       (1,882,258)   (2,359,570)
               Changes in risk adjustment for non-financial risk                           –                82,403             –                 –        82,403
               Experience adjustments                                             12,567,994                     –             –                 –    12,567,994


               Changes that relate to future services                                 253,278              730,686      (172,001)        1,861,755     2,673,718
               Contracts initially recognised in the period                        (2,090,266)             775,304       191,673         1,327,472       204,183
               Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin        (88,040)             (82,569)     (363,674)          534,283             –
               Changes in estimates that do not adjust the
                 contractual service margin                                        2,431,584                37,951             –                 –     2,469,535


               Changes that relate to past services                               (11,375,053)            (464,116)            –                 –    (11,839,169)
               Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims                     (11,375,053)            (464,116)            –                 –    (11,839,169)


               Insurance service result                                            1,446,219               348,973      (649,313)          (20,503)    1,125,376


               Insurance finance income or expenses                                (2,853,974)            (114,978)      118,077           53,759      (2,797,116)
               Effect of movements in exchange rates                                1,387,896              142,692        78,695           96,000       1,705,283
               Total changes in the statement of comprehensive income                 (19,859)             376,687      (452,541)         129,256          33,543


               Cash flows:
               Premiums paid                                                      14,837,389                      –            –                 –    14,837,389
               Insurance acquisition cash flow                                    (2,839,520)                     –            –                 –    (2,839,520)
               Claims and other insurance service expenses paid,
                 including investment components                                  (11,491,201)                    –            –                 –    (11,491,201)
               Total cash flow                                                        506,668                     –            –                 –        506,668


               Net insurance contract liabilities/(assets)
                as at 31 December 2022                                            29,069,520             2,196,942     3,281,660         1,155,545    35,703,667


               Insurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2022 (restated)   30,314,328             2,036,186     3,281,660           938,749    36,570,923
               Insurance contract assets as at 31 December 2022 (restated)         1,244,808              (160,756)            –          (216,796)      867,256




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
236   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                              27. INSURANCE/REINSURANCE CONTRACT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)
                                 (3)   The analysis of reinsurance contract assets for remaining coverage and liabilities for incurred claims is as follows:

                                       2023                                                                            Non-Measured by the premium allocation approach                            Measured by the premium allocation approach
                                                                                                                                                                                          Asset for
                                                                                                                                                                                        remaining
                                                                                                               Assets for remaining coverage                                              coverage          Assets for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Estimates of
                                                                                                                   Excluding                                                             Excluding         the present                 Risk
                                                                                                               loss-recovery    Loss-recovery           Assets for                   loss-recovery     value of future      adjustment for
                                                                                                                 component        component        incurred claims       Sub-total     component            cash flows non-financial risk        Sub-total       Total
                                                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                       Reinsurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2022 (restated)         2,414,707            (7,866)         (1,770,716)         636,125              –          2,881,161                  –         2,881,161      3,517,286
                                       Reinsurance contract assets as at 31 December 2022 (restated)             (1,081,084)          239,352           3,950,473        3,108,741      1,942,299          3,601,157            189,373         5,732,829      8,841,570
                                       Net reinsurance contract assets/(liabilities) as at 31 December 2022      (3,495,791)          247,218           5,721,189        2,472,616      1,942,299            719,996            189,373         2,851,668      5,324,284


                                       Net (expenses)/income from reinsurance contracts held
                                         (excluding effect of changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers)     (1,686,624)            1,993             904,574        (780,057)     (8,720,542)         6,861,602              9,472         (1,849,468)   (2,629,525)
                                       Effect of changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers                        1,387                 –               5,109           6,496               –             19,462                  –             19,462        25,958
                                       Reinsurance investment components                                           (289,611)                –             289,611               –               –                  –                  –                  –             –
                                       Reinsurance service result                                                (1,974,848)            1,993           1,199,294        (773,561)     (8,720,542)         6,881,064              9,472         (1,830,006)   (2,603,567)


                                       Reinsurance finance income or expenses                                        (4,491)            2,769              73,798          72,076         (43,607)           194,692              6,658            157,743       229,819
                                       Effect of movements in exchange rates                                        (48,704)            4,220              85,875          41,391         116,660             55,718             11,668            184,046       225,437
                                       Total changes in the statement of comprehensive income                    (2,028,043)            8,982           1,358,967        (660,094)     (8,647,489)         7,131,474             27,798         (1,488,217)   (2,148,311)


                                       Cash flows:
                                       Premiums paid                                                              3,064,343                    –                –     3,064,343         8,849,263                  –                  –          8,849,263    11,913,606
                                       Amounts received                                                                   –                    –       (2,458,373)   (2,458,373)                –         (6,616,845)                 –         (6,616,845)   (9,075,218)
                                       Total cash flow                                                            3,064,343                    –       (2,458,373)      605,970         8,849,263         (6,616,845)                 –          2,232,418     2,838,388


                                       Net insurance contract assets/(liabilities) as at 31 December 2023        (2,459,491)          256,200           4,621,783        2,418,492      2,144,073          1,234,625            217,171         3,595,869      6,014,361


                                       Reinsurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2023                      532,845           (15,924)           (222,511)         294,410              –          2,808,806                  –         2,808,806      3,103,216
FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


                                       Reinsurance contract assets as at 31 December 2023                        (1,926,646)          240,276           4,399,272        2,712,902      2,144,073          4,043,431            217,171         6,404,675      9,117,577


         ANNUAL REPORT 2023



    237
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
    238                       27. INSURANCE/REINSURANCE CONTRACT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)
                                 (3)   The analysis of reinsurance contract assets for remaining coverage and liabilities for incurred claims is as follows: (Continued)


FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                       2022                                                                              Non-Measured by the premium allocation approach                                 Measured by the premium allocation approach
                                                                                                                                                                                            Asset for
                                                                                                                                                                                           remaining
                                                                                                               Assets for remaining coverage                                                coverage               Assets for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2023


ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Estimates of
                                                                                                                   Excluding                                                                 Excluding            the present                 Risk
                                                                                                               loss-recovery      Loss-recovery         Assets for                       loss-recovery        value of future       adjustment for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                                 component          component      incurred claims          Sub-total      component               cash flows non-financial risk        Sub-total        Total
                                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                       Reinsurance contract liabilities as at 1 January 2022 (restated)            113,108             (1,149)           (20,900)             91,059               –              2,114,109                    –       2,114,109     2,205,168
                                       Reinsurance contract assets as at 1 January 2022 (restated)              (1,430,006)           264,154          4,313,819           3,147,967       1,602,086              3,028,594              159,483       4,790,163     7,938,130
                                       Net reinsurance contract assets/(liabilities) as at 1 January 2022       (1,543,114)           265,303          4,334,719           3,056,908       1,602,086                914,485              159,483       2,676,054     5,732,962


                                       Net (expenses)/income from reinsurance contracts held
                                         (excluding effect of changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers)    (3,262,191)            (15,769)        2,173,952           (1,104,008)    (7,810,511)             6,350,558               23,803       (1,436,150)   (2,540,158)
                                       Effect of changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers                       2,838                   –               367                3,205              –                  7,782                    –            7,782        10,987
                                       Reinsurance investment components                                           (35,944)                  –            35,944                    –              –                      –                    –                –             –
                                       Reinsurance service result                                               (3,295,297)            (15,769)        2,210,263           (1,100,803)    (7,810,511)             6,358,340               23,803       (1,428,368)   (2,529,171)


                                       Reinsurance finance income or expenses                                       (6,050)            (25,331)          (96,073)           (127,454)         36,317               (100,318)                 395          (63,606)     (191,060)
                                       Effect of movements in exchange rates                                      (203,328)             23,015           432,357             252,044          60,054                 15,314                5,692           81,060       333,104
                                       Total changes in the statement of comprehensive income                   (3,504,675)            (18,085)        2,546,547            (976,213)     (7,714,140)             6,273,336               29,890       (1,410,914)   (2,387,127)


                                       Cash flows:
                                       Premiums paid                                                             1,551,998                     –                –           1,551,998      8,054,353                      –                     –       8,054,353     9,606,351
                                       Amounts received                                                                  –                     –       (1,160,077)         (1,160,077)             –             (6,467,825)                    –      (6,467,825)   (7,627,902)
                                       Total cash flow                                                           1,551,998                     –       (1,160,077)            391,921      8,054,353             (6,467,825)                    –       1,586,528     1,978,449


                                       Net insurance contract assets/(liabilities) as at 31 December 2022       (3,495,791)           247,218          5,721,189           2,472,616       1,942,299                719,996              189,373       2,851,668     5,324,284


                                       Reinsurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2022 (restated)        2,414,707             (7,866)         (1,770,716)           636,125               –              2,881,161                    –       2,881,161     3,517,286
                                       Reinsurance contract assets as at 31 December 2022 (restated)            (1,081,084)           239,352           3,950,473          3,108,741       1,942,299              3,601,157              189,373       5,732,829     8,841,570
                                                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2023




27. I N S U R A N C E / R E I N S U R A N C E C O N T R A C T A S S E T S A N D
    LIABILITIES (Continued)
    (4)   The analysis of contractual service margin for reinsurance contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach is
          as follows:

          2023                                                                                                                 CSM
                                                                                                                    Contracts other
                                                                                                                         than those
                                                                                                                      to which fair
                                                                                                                    value approach
                                                                                  Estimates of                          or modified
                                                                                   the present              Risk      retrospective
                                                                               value of future   adjustment for       approach are
                                                                                    cash flows non-financial risk           applied           Total
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000
          Reinsurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2022 (restated)          727,196            (27,015)           (64,056)         636,125
          Reinsurance contract assets as at 31 December 2022 (restated)             2,928,466            187,791             (7,516)       3,108,741
          Net reinsurance contract assets/(liabilities)
            as at 31 December 2022                                                  2,201,270            214,806            56,540         2,472,616


          Changes that relate to current services                                   1,107,984            (46,600)         (672,298)          389,086
          Contractual service margin recognised for services provided                       –                  –          (672,298)         (672,298)
          Changes in risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                 –            (46,600)                –           (46,600)
          Experience adjustments                                                    1,107,984                  –                 –         1,107,984


          Changes that relate to future services                                     (650,450)            60,182           591,827                1,559
          Contracts initially recognised in the period                               (730,684)            52,060           680,183                1,559
          Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin              80,234              8,122           (88,356)                   –


          Changes that relate to past services                                     (1,054,543)          (116,159)                 –        (1,170,702)
          Effect of changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers                       6,496                  –                  –             6,496


          Reinsurance service result                                                 (590,513)          (102,577)           (80,471)        (773,561)


          Reinsurance finance income or expenses                                       52,765              7,928             11,383           72,076
          Effect of movements in exchange rates                                        37,711              3,110                570           41,391
          Total changes in the statement of comprehensive income                     (500,037)           (91,539)           (68,518)        (660,094)


          Cash flows:
          Premiums paid                                                             3,064,343                   –                 –         3,064,343
          Amounts received                                                         (2,458,373)                  –                 –        (2,458,373)
          Total cash flow                                                             605,970                   –                 –           605,970


          Net reinsurance contract assets/(liabilities)
           as at 31 December 2023                                                   2,307,203            123,267            (11,978)       2,418,492


          Reinsurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2023                     300,974            (15,542)             8,978          294,410
          Reinsurance contract assets as at 31 December 2023                        2,608,177            107,725             (3,000)       2,712,902




                                                                                                                    FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                   239
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




27. I N S U R A N C E / R E I N S U R A N C E C O N T R A C T A S S E T S A N D
    LIABILITIES (Continued)
       (4)     The analysis of contractual service margin for reinsurance contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach is
               as follows: (Continued)

               2022                                                                                                                   CSM
                                                                                                                           Contracts other
                                                                                                                                than those
                                                                                                                             to which fair
                                                                                                                           value approach
                                                                                       Estimates of                            or modified
                                                                                        the present                Risk      retrospective
                                                                                    value of future     adjustment for       approach are
                                                                                         cash flows   non-financial risk           applied       Total
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000     RMB’000
               Reinsurance contract liabilities as at 1 January 2022 (restated)           108,125               (1,820)           (15,246)      91,059
               Reinsurance contract assets as at 1 January 2022 (restated)              2,834,276              256,320             57,371    3,147,967
               Net reinsurance contract assets/(liabilities)
                 as at 1 January 2022                                                   2,726,151              258,140             72,617    3,056,908


               Changes that relate to current services                                    915,949              (12,630)          (688,728)     214,591
               Contractual service margin recognised for services provided                      –                    –           (688,728)    (688,728)
               Changes in risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                –              (12,630)                 –      (12,630)
               Experience adjustments                                                     915,949                    –                  –      915,949


               Changes that relate to future services                                    (730,397)              60,123           674,402         4,128
               Contracts initially recognised in the period                              (643,248)              38,329           609,047         4,128
               Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin            (87,149)              21,794            65,355             –


               Changes that relate to past services                                    (1,216,805)            (105,922)                 –    (1,322,727)
               Effect of changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers                      3,205                    –                  –         3,205


               Reinsurance service result                                              (1,028,048)             (58,429)           (14,326)   (1,100,803)


               Reinsurance finance income or expenses                                    (113,394)              (6,399)            (7,661)    (127,454)
               Effect of movements in exchange rates                                      224,640               21,494              5,910      252,044
               Total changes in the statement of comprehensive income                    (916,802)             (43,334)           (16,077)    (976,213)


               Cash flows:
               Premiums paid                                                            1,551,998                     –                 –     1,551,998
               Amounts received                                                        (1,160,077)                    –                 –    (1,160,077)
               Total cash flow                                                            391,921                     –                 –       391,921


               Net reinsurance contract assets/(liabilities)
                as at 31 December 2022                                                  2,201,270              214,806             56,540    2,472,616


               Reinsurance contract liabilities as at 31 December 2022 (restated)         727,196              (27,015)           (64,056)     636,125
               Reinsurance contract assets as at 31 December 2022 (restated)            2,928,466              187,791             (7,516)   3,108,741




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
240   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




27. I N S U R A N C E / R E I N S U R A N C E C O N T R A C T A S S E T S A N D
    LIABILITIES (Continued)
    (5)   The effect of the measurement components of insurance contracts arising from the initial recognition of contracts not
          measured under the premium allocation approach that were initially recognised in the period is as follows:

          2023                                                                  Insurance contracts issued                     Total
                                                                               Non-onerous            Onerous
                                                                                   contracts         contracts
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000               RMB’000
            Insurance acquisition cash flows                                       (449,354)            (18,761)           (468,115)
            Claims and other directly attributable expenses                     (11,174,649)           (939,491)        (12,114,140)
          Estimates of present value of cash outflows                           (11,624,003)           (958,252)        (12,582,255)


          Estimates of present value of cash inflows                             13,555,607             910,977          14,466,584
          Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                   (351,806)            (31,044)           (382,850)
          CSM                                                                    (1,579,798)                  –          (1,579,798)


          Losses recognised on initial recognition                                         –            (78,319)             (78,319)


          2022                                                                   Insurance contracts issued                        Total
                                                                                Non-onerous             Onerous
                                                                                    contracts          contracts
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000
            Insurance acquisition cash flows                                       (743,079)            (30,783)           (773,862)
            Claims and other directly attributable expenses                     (16,418,785)         (2,322,896)        (18,741,681)
          Estimates of present value of cash outflows                           (17,161,864)         (2,353,679)        (19,515,543)


          Estimates of present value of cash inflows                             19,410,092           2,195,717          21,605,809
          Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                   (729,083)            (46,221)           (775,304)
          CSM                                                                    (1,519,145)                  –          (1,519,145)


          Losses recognised on initial recognition                                         –           (204,183)           (204,183)


    (6)   The disclosure of when the CSM of insurance/reinsurance contracts is expected to be in profit or loss in future years is as
          follows:


          Insurance contracts issued                                                                  2023                    2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000
          Within 3 years                                                                          1,921,120               1,983,123
          More than 3 years                                                                       2,653,060               2,454,082


          Total                                                                                   4,574,180               4,437,205


          Reinnsurance contracts held                                                                 2023                    2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000
          Within 3 years                                                                             (4,511)                  58,234
          More than 3 years                                                                          (7,467)                  (1,694)


          Total                                                                                     (11,978)                  56,540




                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                    241
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




28. DEBT INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
       Bonds
         Government bonds                                                                       25,496,159            21,023,493
         Corporate bonds                                                                        45,090,138            40,593,812
         Financial bonds                                                                         1,258,111             1,259,176
       Notes receivable                                                                            629,237               658,403


       Total                                                                                    72,473,645            63,534,884


       Listed debt investments, at fair value                                                   67,977,042            59,419,122
       Unlisted debt investments, at fair value                                                  4,496,603             4,115,762


       Total                                                                                    72,473,645            63,534,884


       Analysis of the movements of allowance for ECLs:


                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
       As at the beginning of the year                                                             693,238               697,044
       Charge for the year                                                                         110,659                60,385
       Amounts written off                                                                         (16,344)              (60,505)
       Foreign exchange adjustments                                                                 12,613                (3,686)


       At the end of the year                                                                      800,166               693,238


       As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income with a carrying amount
       of RMB38,491,000 (2022: nil) were pledged to secure interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, as set out in note 50 to the
       financial statements.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
242   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2023




29. DEBT INVESTMENTS AT AMORTISED COST
                                                                                                                        2023                                2022
                                                                                              Note                   RMB’000                             RMB’000
  Debt investments
  Bonds
    Government bonds                                                                                              12,718,261                           11,758,171
    Financial bonds                                                                                               11,446,146                            7,984,958
    Corporate bonds                                                                                                  506,025                              542,314
  Assets held under reverse repurchase agreements                                                                          –                               13,870
  Loans receivable                                                                             (i)                 4,968,462                            4,892,259


  Subtotal                                                                                                        29,638,894                           25,191,572


  Impairment allowance                                                                                                (238,598)                           (19,749)


  Total                                                                                                           29,400,296                           25,171,823


  At 31 December 2023, the Group’s debt investments at amortised cost with a carrying amount of RMB841,986,000 (31 December
  2022: RMB769,773,000) were pledged for refinancing operations and those of RMB7,130,186,000 (31 December 2022:
  RMB6,117,110,000) were restricted as a result of the security lending business.

  Note:

  (i)     The details of the loans and receivables are set out as follows:

                                                                               2023                                                  2022
                                                           Effective                                           Effective
                                                            interest                                            interest
                                                Notes      rate (%)               Maturity           RMB’000   rate (%)                     Maturity       RMB’000
          To be recovered within 12 months
          Loans receivable from related                                      On demand or                                           On demand or
            parties – unsecured                  (1)           0-8.0         mature in 2024      3,458,160        0-3.5            mature in 2023         3,443,625
          Loans receivable from third
            parties – secured                                    10             On demand             12,600         10               On demand             32,600
          Loans receivable from third                                        On demand or                                           On demand or
            parties – unsecured                                0-9.5         mature in 2024          663,762      0-9.5            mature in 2023          666,063


          Subtotal                                                                               4,134,522                                                4,142,288
          To be recovered more than 12 months
          Loans receivable from related
            parties – unsecured                  (2)           4.73          No fixed terms          196,743       4.73                       2024         121,139
          Loans receivable from third                                        No fixed terms                                         No fixed terms
            parties – secured                                1-7.98                 or 2025          518,016     1-7.98                    or 2024         516,625
          Loans receivable from third                                        No fixed terms                                         No fixed terms
            parties – unsecured                                 1-6    or from 2025 to 2041          119,181        1-6      or from 2024 to 2040          112,207


          Subtotal                                                                                   833,940                                               749,971


          Total                                                                                  4,968,462                                                4,892,259




                                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                               243
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




29. DEBT INVESTMENTS AT AMORTISED COST (Continued)
       Note: (Continued)

       (i)     The details of the loans and receivables are set out as follows: (Continued)

               Notes:


               (1)         As at 31 December 2023, the portion of loans receivable from related parties expected to be recovered within 12 months comprises:


                           –       a shareholders’ loan of RMB871,199,000 provided to Acacias Property S.à r.l Limited, a joint venture, which is unsecured,
                                   bears interest at a fixed interest rate of 3.50% per annum and is repayable on demand.


                           –       a shareholders’ loan of RMB2,369,667,000 provided to Shanghai Fuyi Industrial Development Co., Ltd, a joint venture,
                                   which is unsecured, interest-free and is repayable on demand.


                           –       a shareholders’ loan of RMB147,624,000 provided to FPH Europe Holdings III (HK) Limited, a joint venture, which is
                                   unsecured, bears interest at a fixed interest rate of 3.50% per annum and is repayable on demand.

                           –       a shareholders’ loan of RMB69,670,000 provided to Jiewei New Energy Technology (Huzhou) Co., Ltd. an associates, which
                                   is unsecured, bears interest at a fixed interest rate of 8.00% per annum and is repayable in 2024.

               (2)         As at 31 December 2023, the portion of loans receivable from related parties expected to be recovered more than 12 months
                           comprises:

                           –       a shareholders’ loan of RMB196,743,000 provided to Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a joint venture, which is
                                   unsecured, bears interest at a fixed interest rate of 4.73% per annum and is repayable with no fixed terms.



30. POLICYHOLDER ACCOUNT ASSETS IN RESPECT OF
    UNIT-LINKED CONTRACTS
                                                                                                                         2023                      2022
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                   RMB’000
       Financial assets designated as at fair value through profit or loss:
          Debt instruments                                                                                         12,465,897                 8,563,556
          Equity instruments                                                                                          259,407                   974,333
          Investment funds                                                                                         14,507,039                11,778,320
       Other derivatives                                                                                              911,179                   847,585
       Sight deposits                                                                                                 407,721                   789,594
       Term deposits                                                                                                    4,218                     7,856
       Others                                                                                                         887,309                   315,596


       Total                                                                                                       29,442,770                23,276,840


       The above assets are held for policyholders of unit-linked products.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
244   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




31. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE
    THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                                     2023                              2022
                                                                                                                                  RMB’000                          RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                                  (Restated)
   Listed equity investments, at fair value                                                                                       2,511,377                       2,664,740
   Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                                                                       185,165                          98,887


   Total                                                                                                                          2,696,542                       2,763,627


   In 2023 the Group disposed certain equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income at the fair
   value of RMB147,818,000, resulting from an adjustment in its investment strategy.


   The dividend income related to equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income recognised for the
   year was RMB159,312,000 (2022: RMB145,737,000) as disclosed in note 6.


32. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                            Plant and         Office      Motor       Leasehold       Mining      Construction
                                                               Buildings    machinery     equipment      vehicles improvements infrastructure      in progress         Total
                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000
   Cost:
   At 1 January 2022                                          29,885,438    10,588,885     2,717,324    395,943        907,965       1,338,552       5,452,260      51,286,367


   Additions                                                     299,639     1,082,587       409,487      53,205       492,618               –       4,452,210       6,789,746
   Transfer from construction in progress                      1,106,122       803,373       141,565       3,858        71,580           1,284      (2,127,782)              –
   Transfer from investment properties (note 33)                 319,514             –             –           –             –               –               –         319,514
   Transfer to investment properties (note 33)                   (22,952)            –             –           –             –               –               –         (22,952)
   Acquisition of subsidiaries                                 2,302,666       265,288        69,802       1,740       149,895               –         401,933       3,191,324)
   Disposal of subsidiaries (note 56(b))                      (2,720,023)     (361,446)     (159,614)    (28,705)      (26,331)              –         (36,177)     (3,332,296)
   Disposals                                                  (1,476,671)     (759,367)     (159,303)    (75,421)     (273,724)        (42,979)       (446,100)     (3,233,565)
   Included in assets classified as held for sale (note 23)            –      (242,235)            –           –             –               –               –        (242,235)
   Exchange realignment                                          410,072       113,244        55,007      11,075       206,516               –          11,884         807,798


   At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                     30,103,805    11,490,329     3,074,268     361,695     1,528,519       1,296,857       7,708,228      55,563,701
   Additions                                                   1,088,696       713,826       336,709     181,576       295,057               –       5,925,875       8,541,739
   Transfer from construction in progress                      3,834,453       842,804       460,383     213,802       225,676               –      (5,577,118)              –
   Transfer from properties under development                    864,393             –             –           –             –               –               –         864,393
   Transfer from investment properties (note 33)                 489,972       115,213        22,782      11,228             –               –               –         639,195
   Transfer to investment properties                          (1,081,474)            –             –           –             –               –        (262,182)     (1,343,656)
   Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 56(a))                    2,777,346     2,671,631       163,053      23,684       277,927               –         167,095       6,080,736
   Disposal of subsidiaries (note 56(b))                        (689,900)     (232,277)      (31,297)    (92,338)       (1,858)              –         (25,282)     (1,072,952)
   Disposals                                                    (723,838)     (866,036)     (206,904)   (307,479)     (417,219)        (15,789)       (147,650)     (2,684,915)
   Included in assets classified as held for sale (note 23)     (287,485)            –             –           –             –               –               –        (287,485)
   Exchange realignment                                          528,565       256,744        98,672      77,280        50,898               –          18,370       1,030,529


   At 31 December 2023                                        36,904,533    14,992,234     3,917,666    469,448      1,959,000       1,281,068       7,807,336      67,331,285




                                                                                                                                    FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                          245
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




32. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
                                                                                  Plant and        Office      Motor       Leasehold       Mining     Construction
                                                                     Buildings    machinery    equipment      vehicles improvements infrastructure     in progress      Total
                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000
       Accumulated depreciation:
         At 1 January 2022                                           3,908,704    3,553,284      462,326     291,178        127,286        134,989               –    8,477,767


         Charge for the year (note 10)                               1,255,105    1,501,713       322,048      71,874       425,748         13,272                    3,589,760
         Transfer to investment properties (note 33)                    (9,014)           –             –           –             –              –               –       (9,014)
         Disposal of subsidiaries (note 56(b))                        (774,118)    (212,415)     (111,464)    (20,339)      (15,839)             –               –   (1,134,175)
         Disposals                                                    (547,090)    (725,335)      (98,306)    (62,814)     (230,640)       (31,450)              –   (1,695,635)
         Included in assets classified as held for sale (note 23)            –     (162,106)            –           –             –              –               –     (162,106)
         Exchange realignment                                          189,075       94,324        43,229       8,210        95,512              –               –      430,350


         At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                      4,022,662    4,049,465      617,833     288,109        402,067        116,811               –    9,496,947


         Charge for the year (note 10)                               1,315,513    1,412,189       498,883     208,285       460,742         41,172               –    3,936,784
         Transfer to investment properties                            (117,610)           –             –           –             –              –               –     (117,610)
         Disposal of subsidiaries (note 56(b))                        (370,466)    (147,927)      (13,396)    (78,134)       (1,850)             –               –     (611,773)
         Disposals                                                    (279,219)    (545,455)     (116,576)   (162,636)     (343,411)        (6,373)              –   (1,453,670)
         Included in assets classified as held for sale (note 23)     (227,807)           –             –           –             –              –               –     (227,807)
         Exchange realignment                                          292,597      149,719       100,199      57,710        41,889              –               –      642,114


         At 31 December 2023                                         4,635,670    4,917,991     1,086,943    313,334        559,437        151,610               –   11,664,985


       Impairment loss
         At 1 January 2022                                            164,774       150,181         6,830        620            251          7,537         90,874      421,067


         Charge for the year (note 10)                                  47,366        9,133         1,132        239              –              –               –       57,870
         Transfer to investment properties (note 33)                      (834)           –             –          –              –              –               –         (834)
         Disposals                                                     (79,650)      (1,739)            –          –              –         (7,537)              –      (88,926)
         Exchange realignment                                            7,820        1,063           237        (16)           270              –               –        9,374


         At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                       139,476       158,638         8,199         843           521             –          90,874      398,551
         Charge for the year (note 10)                                 37,127         5,891         1,312           6           587           888           1,445       47,256
         Disposals                                                    (31,134)         (273)            –        (187)       (1,719)                       (1,013)     (34,326)
         Exchange realignment                                          (5,064)       21,335         4,987       5,494         1,366              –              –       28,118


         At 31 December 2023                                          140,405       185,591        14,498       6,156           755           888          91,306      439,599


       Net book value:
        At 31 December 2023                                         32,128,458    9,888,652     2,816,225    149,958      1,398,808      1,128,570       7,716,030   55,226,701


         At 31 December 2022                                        25,941,667    7,282,226     2,448,236     72,743      1,125,931      1,180,046       7,617,354   45,668,203




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
246   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2023




32. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
   (1)    The net book values of property, plant and equipment pledged as security for interest-bearing bank and other borrowings
          granted to the Group are as follows (note 50):

                                                                                                        2023                    2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000
          Buildings                                                                                11,916,516               9,160,988
          Plant and machinery                                                                         209,797                   8,811
          Construction in progress                                                                    739,603               1,199,367


          Total                                                                                    12,865,916              10,369,166


   (2)    Capitalised interest expenses included in construction in progress of the Group are as follows (note 9):


                                                                                                        2023                    2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000


          Interest expenses capitalised                                                               103,312                   17,473


   (3)    As at 31 December 2023, the Group was in the process of applying for property certificates of plant and office buildings
          with a net book value of approximately RMB570,458,000 (31 December 2022: RMB575,590,000).


33. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                        2023                    2022
                                                                               Notes                 RMB’000                 RMB’000
   Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                    95,743,357              67,229,732
   Additions                                                                                        1,676,609               2,383,755
   Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                  56(a)                   8,205              21,091,551
   Transfer from properties under development                                                         919,493                       –
   Transfer from completed properties for sale                                                        490,267                       –
   Transfer from property, plant and equipment                                   32                 1,200,493                  13,104
   Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                     32                  (639,195)               (319,514)
   Transfer to assets classified as held for sale                                23                  (722,678)                      –
   Transfer to intangible assets                                                 38                  (342,877)                      –
   Revaluation gain upon transfer from owner-occupied property
     recognised in other comprehensive income                                                               –                   9,003
   Gain on fair value adjustments                                                6                  1,113,884               8,843,358
   Disposal of subsidiaries                                                    56(b)               (4,673,886)             (3,604,901)
   Disposal                                                                                        (2,136,742)             (2,056,269)
   Transfer to unit-linked assets                                                                    (524,735)                (55,359)
   Exchange realignment                                                                             1,228,606               2,208,897


   Carrying amount at 31 December                                                                  93,340,801              95,743,357


   The Group’s investment properties consist of commercial properties, which are located in the Chinese Mainland, the United
   States of America, Japan, Italy, the United Kingdom, Portugal and other countries in Europe. The directors of the Company have
   determined that the investment properties are commercial assets based on the nature, characteristics and risks of these properties.




                                                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                     247
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




33. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
       The Group engages external appraisers to assist with its determination of the fair values of all investment properties and the
       Group’s policy is that property valuations are performed by the external appraisers on a regular basis. Selection criteria of
       the appraiser include market knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional standards are maintained. The
       management of the Company has discussions with the appraiser on the valuation assumptions and valuation results when the
       valuation is performed for interim and annual financial reporting.


       The investment properties are leased to third parties under operating leases, further summary details of which are included in note
       34 to the financial statements.


       At 31 December 2023, the Group’s certain investment properties with a net carrying amount of RMB66,683,282,000 (2022:
       RMB60,362,581,000) were pledged to secure interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and other liabilities, as set out in note 50
       to the financial statements.


       Fair value hierarchy
       The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s investment properties:


                                                                     Fair value measurement as at 31 December 2023 using
                                                                Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                                    in active      observable     unobservable
                                                                     markets            inputs           inputs
                                                                    (Level 1)         (Level 2)        (Level 3)         Total
                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
       Recurring fair value measurement for:
       Commercial properties                                                  –                  –        93,340,801        93,340,801


                                                                        Fair value measurement as at 31 December 2022 using
                                                                 Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                                      in active        observable      unobservable
                                                                       markets             inputs            inputs
                                                                      (Level 1)          (Level 2)         (Level 3)           Total
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000
       Recurring fair value measurement for:
       Commercial properties                                                  –                  –        95,743,357        95,743,357


       During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of
       Level 3 (2022: Nil).




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
248   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2023




33. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
   Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of investment properties:


   Location of          Valuation                            Significant
   company              techniques                           unobservable inputs                          2023 Range                  2022 Range
   The United States    Direct comparison approach and       Terminal capitalisation rate                 5.25%                       5.00%
     of America           discounted cash flow approach      Discount rate                                7.00%                       6.50%
                                                             Market rent:
                                                             – per sq.ft. and per annual (Year 1) annum   USD60 to USD258             USD36 to USD258
                                                             Occupancy rate                               88%                         97%
                                                             Market rent growth rate                      3% to 5%                    3%


   Chinese              Direct comparison approach, direct   Comparable property price-per sqm            RMB27,526 to RMB137,271 RMB12,274 to RMB126,467
     Mainland             capitalisation approach and        Term yield                                   4.5% to 7.0%            5.5% to 6.5%
                          discounted cash flow approach      Market rent:
                                                             – per sq.m. and per month                    RMB34 to RMB4,415           RMB43 to RMB4,713
                                                             – per slot of parking space/month            RMB242 to RMB3,600          RMB237 to RMB3,600
                                                             Market rent growth rate                      3%                          3%
                                                             Market yield                                 5% to 10%                   6.0% to 7.0%
                                                             Occupancy rate                               70% to 100%                 70% to 100%
                                                             Level adjustments                            20% to 100%                 20% to 100%


   Japan                Direct capitalisation approach       Term yield                                   3.9% to 5.7%                4.0% to 5.6%
                                                             Market rent:
                                                             – per sq.m. and per month                    JPY908 to JPY8,221          JPY1,274 to JPY8,221
                                                             Market yield                                 3.6% to 6.0%                5.0% to 6.0%
                                                             Occupancy rate                               100%                        100%


   The United Kingdom   Term and reversionary approach       Term yield                                   0.87% to 8.52%              2.63% to 5.75%
                                                             Market yield                                 7.00% to 12.64%             5.33% to 9.38%
                                                             Market rent:
                                                             – per sq.ft. and per annual                  GBP 12.5 to GBP 56.0        GBP 10 to GBP 52.5
                                                             Occupancy rate                               80.3% to 88.2%              80% to 100%
                                                             Reversionary period                          2024/1/1 to 2033/10/1       2023/1/1 to 2034/6/1


    Italy               Direct capitalisation approach       Terminal capitalisation rate:                3.9%                        4.1%
                                                             Discount rate                                3.8%                        6.5%
                                                             Market rent:
                                                             – per sq.m. and per annum                    EUR 661 to EUR 1,423        EUR 626 to EUR 1,091
                                                             Occupancy rate                               98%                         71%




                                                                                                                          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                             249
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




33. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
       Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
       The direct comparison approach is a method of valuation based on comparing the property of the Group to be assessed directly
       with other comparable properties which have been recently changed hands or leased. These premises are generally located in the
       surrounding areas or in another market which is comparable to the property of the Group. However, because of the heterogeneous
       nature of real estate properties, appropriate adjustments are usually required to allow for any qualitative and quantitative difference
       that may affect the price/rent likely to be achieved by the property under consideration.


       The term and reversion method is a method by capitalising the rental from existing tenancies and the reversionary income potential
       at an appropriate market yield for the remaining term of the land use rights of the property of the Group. The capitalisation rate is
       derived from the relationship between the market rent and the market capital value of other similar properties in the locality.


       The direct capitalisation approach is a method measures the fair value of the property by capitalising the rental from existing
       tenancies and the reversionary income potential at a market yield rate. The capitalisation rate is derived from the relationship
       between the market rent and the market capital value of other similar properties in the locality.


       Under the discounted cash flow method, fair value is estimated using assumptions regarding the benefits and liabilities of
       ownership over the asset’s life including an exit or terminal value. This method involves the projection of a series of cash flows on a
       property interest. A market-derived discount rate is applied to the projected cash flow in order to establish the present value of the
       income stream associated with the asset. The exit yield is normally separately determined and differs from the discount rate.


       The duration of the cash flows and the specific timing of inflows and outflows are determined by events such as rent reviews, lease
       renewal and related reletting, redevelopment or refurbishment. The appropriate duration is driven by market behaviour that is a
       characteristic of the class of property. The periodic cash flow is estimated as gross income less vacancy, non-recoverable expenses,
       collection losses, lease incentives, maintenance costs, agent and commission costs and other operating and management expenses.
       The series of periodic net operating income, along with an estimate of the terminal value anticipated at the end of the projection
       period, is then discounted.


       A significant increase/(decrease) in the estimated market rent or market selling price would result in a significant increase/(decrease)
       in the fair value of the investment properties. A significant increase/(decrease) in the term yield and market yield in isolation would
       result in a significant decrease/(increase) in the fair value of the investment properties.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
250   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




34. LEASES
   The Group as a lessee
   The Group has lease contracts for various items of land, buildings, machinery, furniture, fixtures, and other equipment used in its
   operations. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 20 to 50
   years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of buildings generally have lease terms
   between 1 and 48 years, while leases of machinery generally have lease terms between 1 and 10 years. Furniture, fixtures and
   other equipment generally have lease terms of 1 to 5 years. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the
   leased assets outside the Group. The lease contracts with variable lease payments are further discussed below.


   (A)    RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
          The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                               Furniture,
                                                                                                                 fixtures
                                                             Leasehold                                         and other
                                                                  land       Buildings      Machinery         equipment            Total
                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
          At 1 January 2022                                   4,839,964     12,699,255        537,114            532,425       18,608,758
          Additions                                             121,887      3,385,383        248,247            462,290        4,217,807
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                           173,197        974,205            291              7,263        1,154,956
          Depreciation charge (note 10)                        (109,803)    (2,050,313)      (140,672)          (369,833)      (2,670,621)
          Disposals                                              (7,406)      (181,982)       (43,203)            (6,270)        (238,861)
          Disposals of subsidiaries (note 56(b))               (280,247)      (113,837)       (63,289)            (2,214)        (459,587)
          Impairment (note 10)                                        –         (3,882)             –                  –           (3,882)
          Exchange realignment                                  (23,974)       616,214         26,426             70,421          689,087


          As at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023           4,713,618     15,325,043        564,914            694,082       21,297,657
          Additions                                             132,741      2,769,729        117,785            748,843        3,769,098
          Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 56(a))              596,941      1,259,122         59,504              6,607        1,922,174
          Depreciation charge (note 10)                        (111,897)    (2,551,102)      (155,707)          (452,482)      (3,271,188)
          Disposals                                            (389,270)      (112,747)        (4,386)           (42,539)        (548,942)
          Disposals of subsidiaries (note 56(b))                (33,903)             –              –                  –          (33,903)
          Impairment (note 10)                                        –        (36,985)             –                  –          (36,985)
          Exchange realignment                                   43,991        672,277         28,663              9,593          754,524


          As at 31 December 2023                              4,952,221     17,325,337        610,773            964,104       23,852,435




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       251
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




34. LEASES (Continued)
       The Group as a lessee (Continued)
       (A)     RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
               The net book values of right-of-use assets pledged as security for interest-bearing bank and other borrowings granted to
               the Group are as follows: (note 50)


                                                                                                                2023                     2022
                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000
               Right-of-use assets                                                                          2,016,590                1,539,538


               Total                                                                                        2,016,590                1,539,538


       (B)     LEASE LIABILITIES
               The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                                2023                     2022
                                                                                       Notes                 RMB’000                  RMB’000
               At 1 January                                                                                17,861,755               14,622,443
               Additions                                                                                    3,584,034                4,270,387
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                             56(a)                1,409,713                1,075,897
               Disposals                                                                                     (159,548)                (252,993)
               Disposals of subsidiaries                                               56(b)                        –                 (127,237)
               Accretion of interest recognised during the year                          9                    838,375                  642,346
               Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                                       –                 (148,452)
               Payments                                                                                    (3,798,481)              (2,734,351)
               Exchange realignment                                                                           811,179                  513,715


               At 31 December                                                            49                20,547,027               17,861,755


               The lease liabilities are included in accrued liabilities and other payables in note 49. The maturity analysis of lease liabilities
               is disclosed in note 66 to the financial statements.

               The Group entered the lease in respect of certain leasehold properties from the associates and joint ventures. The amounts
               of lease liabilities by the Group to the related parties under the leases were determined with reference to the amounts
               charged by the third parties. Included in the Group’s lease liabilities are amounts due to the Group’s associates and joint
               ventures of RMB105,084,000 (2022: RMB73,798,000) and 84,000 (2022: Nil), respectively.


               The Group applied the practical expedient to all eligible covid-19-related rent concessions granted by the lessors during the
               year ended 31 December 2022.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
252   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2023




34. LEASES (Continued)
    The Group as a lessee (Continued)
    (C)     The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:


                                                                                                       2023                    2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000
            Interest on lease liabilities                                                            838,375                 642,346
            Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                             3,271,188               2,670,621
            Expense relating to short-term leases and other leases with remaining lease
               terms ended on or before 31 December 2023 and low value leases                        317,833                 328,002
            Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities              46,515                  18,213
            Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                                 –                (148,452)
            Impairment of right-of-use assets                                                         36,985                   3,882
            Loss/(gain) on disposal of right-of-use assets                                               146                 (14,132)


            Total                                                                                  4,511,042               3,500,480


    (D)     The total cash outflow for leases and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet commenced are disclosed in
            notes 57 and 59, respectively, to the financial statements.


    The Group as a lessor
    The Group leases its investment properties consisting of several commercial properties around the world under operating lease
    arrangements. The terms of the leases generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent
    adjustments according to the then prevailing market conditions. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was
    RMB3,011,082,000 (2022: RMB2,585,564,000), details of which are included in note 6 to the financial statements.


    At 31 December 2023, the undiscounted minimum lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under non-cancellable
    operating leases with its tenants are as follows:


                                                                                                       2023                    2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000
    Within one year                                                                                2,014,650               1,804,959
    After one year but within two years                                                            1,683,759               1,472,112
    After two years but within three years                                                         1,361,959               1,503,204
    After three years but within four years                                                        1,216,193               1,522,708
    After four years but within five years                                                         1,114,941               1,588,645
    After five years                                                                               5,491,348               5,895,498


    Total                                                                                         12,882,850              13,787,126




                                                                                                      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                    253
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




35. EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION ASSETS
                                                         2023         2022
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000
       At 1 January                                    584,684      411,330
       Additions                                        80,310      299,709
       Exploration assets expensed and written off    (128,172)    (139,480)
       Exchange realignment                              5,318       13,125


       At 31 December                                  542,140     584,684


36. MINING RIGHTS
                                                         2023         2022
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000
       Cost:
         At 1 January                                 1,392,126   1,392,126
         Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 56a(ii))     847,230           –


         At 31 December                               2,239,356   1,392,126


       Accumulated amortisation:
         At 1 January                                  623,278     607,044
         Amortisation for the year (note 10)            16,594      16,234


         At 31 December                                639,872     623,278


       Impairment loss:
         At 1 January and 31 December                  288,085     288,085


       Net book value:
        At 31 December                                1,311,399    480,763


         At 1 January                                  480,763     496,997




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
254   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  Year ended 31 December 2023




37. OIL AND GAS ASSETS
                                                2023                   2022
                                             RMB’000                RMB’000
   Cost:
     At 1 January                           4,966,156              4,136,243
     Additions                                653,859                432,941
     Relinquished                          (1,437,503)                     –
     Exchange realignment                     122,560                396,972


     At 31 December                         4,305,072              4,966,156


   Accumulated amortisation:
     At 1 January                           2,139,799              1,484,987
     Amortisation for the year (note 10)      601,704                500,396
     Relinquished                          (1,253,991)                     –
     Exchange realignment                      89,019                154,416


     At 31 December                         1,576,531              2,139,799


   Impairment loss:
     At 1 January                             936,099                691,644
     Charge for the year (note 10)                  –                174,145
     Relinquished                            (183,513)                     –
     Exchange realignment                       1,194                 70,310


     At 31 December                          753,780                 936,099


   Net book value:
     At 31 December                         1,974,760              1,890,258


     At 1 January                           1,890,258              1,959,612




                                              FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                            255
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




38. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                     Patents,
                                                                                                    technical
                                                                                    Business      know-how
                                                                               network and     and operating     Deferred
                                                    Medicine                       customer       concession development
                                                     licences   Trademarks      relationship           rights       costs       Others         Total
                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
       Cost:
         At 1 January 2022                          2,584,311   11,519,269        2,464,150       6,985,943     3,330,507     6,148,193     33,032,373


         Additions                                    56,380          9,192          10,105         599,656      1,467,791    1,768,382      3,911,506
         Acquisition of subsidiaries                       –      5,633,343         184,619         387,996              –      769,405      6,975,363
         Disposals of subsidiaries (note 56(b))       (4,325)    (1,537,171)       (589,820)        (18,822)             –     (607,121)    (2,757,259)
         Disposals                                         –              –        (185,100)         (3,373)             –     (734,747)      (923,220)
         Transfer                                    848,967              –               –         319,400     (1,168,367)           –              –
         Exchange realignment                          5,090        654,928          61,060         (65,374)       (22,807)     252,312        885,209


         At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023     3,490,423   16,279,561        1,945,014       8,205,426     3,607,124     7,596,424     41,123,972


         Additions                                         –       229,422           19,067         702,102     1,295,212      1,863,026     4,108,829
         Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 56(a))      5,373        90,331          362,452         787,640             –         21,842     1,267,638
         Disposals of subsidiaries (note 56(b))            –      (769,295)               –               –             –        (34,322)     (803,617)
         Disposals                                   (35,102)       (1,317)               –         (30,211)            –     (1,686,075)   (1,752,705)
         Transfer                                    693,919             –                –         137,853      (831,772)             –
         Transfer from investment properties
           (note 33)                                       –             –                –               –              –      342,877        342,877
         Exchange realignment                            695       431,103           43,323          64,665              –      984,849      1,524,635


         At 31 December 2023                        4,155,308   16,259,805        2,369,856       9,867,475     4,070,564     9,088,621     45,811,629


       Accumulated amortization
         At 1 January 2022                           160,079       170,283        1,151,185       1,370,471         1,711     2,235,217      5,088,946


         Provided during the year (note 10)          153,523        70,509          208,357         596,705              –    1,200,850      2,229,944
         Disposals of subsidiaries (note 56(b))       (2,595)            –         (388,677)       (185,318)             –     (301,597)      (878,187)
         Disposals                                         –             –         (144,640)           (253)             –     (620,051)      (764,944)
         Exchange realignment                         63,651         6,548           33,481          71,973              –      215,656        391,309


         At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023      374,658       247,340          859,706       1,853,578         1,711     2,730,075      6,067,068


         Provided during the year (note 10)          208,071        59,443          178,849         846,956              –    1,437,480      2,730,799
         Disposals of subsidiaries (note 56(b))            –      (113,738)               –               –              –      (30,765)      (144,503)
         Disposals                                   (28,523)         (276)               –         (29,725)             –     (957,727)    (1,016,251)
         Exchange realignment                            816        12,532          127,264         137,479              –      326,315        604,406


         At 31 December 2023                         555,022       205,301        1,165,819       2,808,288         1,711     3,505,378      8,241,519




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
256   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2023




38. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
                                                                                             Patents,
                                                                                            technical
                                                                            Business      know-how
                                                                       network and     and operating     Deferred
                                              Medicine                     customer       concession development
                                               licences   Trademarks    relationship           rights       costs         Others        Total
                                              RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
   Impairment loss:
     At 1 January 2022                          64,000             –              –         187,800       152,775         422,493       827,068
     Charge for the year (note 10)                   –             –              –               –         5,453         144,250       149,703
     Disposals of subsidiaries (note 56(b))          –             –              –               –             –        (148,135)     (148,135)
     Exchange alignment                              –             –              –               –             –         (49,842)      (49,842)


     At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023     64,000             –              –         187,800       158,228        368,766       778,794


     Charge for the year (note 10)                    –       89,657              –               –        21,592          33,276       144,525
     Disposal                                         –            –              –               –             –        (162,875)     (162,875)
     Exchange alignment                               –        4,834              –           6,230             –           8,239        19,303


     At 31 December 2023                        64,000        94,491              –         194,030       179,820        247,406       779,747


   Net book value:
    At 31 December 2023                       3,536,286   15,960,013      1,204,037       6,865,157     3,889,033       5,335,837    36,790,363


     At 31 December 2022                      3,051,765   16,032,221      1,085,308       6,164,048     3,447,185       4,497,583    34,278,110


   At 31 December 2023, certain of the Group’s intangible assets with a net carrying amount of RMB335,698,000 (2022:
   RMB341,569,000) were pledged to secure interest-bearing bank and other borrowings granted to the Group (note 50).




                                                                                                             FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                           257
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




38. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
       Impairment testing of intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
       Certain intangible assets of the Group have indefinite useful lives as the extension costs are low and the intangible assets can be
       used indefinitely. The Group performs impairment tests for those intangible assets with indefinite useful lives based on individual
       intangible assets or the respective cash-generating unit depending on whether the recoverable amount of each individual intangible
       asset can be reliably estimated.


       TRADEMARKS
       The recoverable amounts of the trademarks have been determined based on the fair values less costs to sell using the relief from
       royalty method or based on the value-in-use calculations using cash flow projections derived from the financial budgets covering
       periods ranging from five to ten years approved by management. The royalty rates applied in the relief from the royalty method
       range from 1.5% to 25%. The discount rates used in the relief from royalty calculations or applied to the cash flows projections
       in the value-in-use calculations are in the range of 8.94%-16.8%. Cash flows beyond the period of the financial budget are
       extrapolated using the estimated long-term growth rates of 1.68% to 2.96% which are also estimates of the rates of inflation.


       MEDICINE LICENCES
       The recoverable amounts of medicine licences have been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using cash flow projections
       based on financial budgets covering a nine-year approved by management. The discount rates applied to the cash flow projections
       are in the range of 16% to 17.4%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the forecast period is 2.3%, which
       is also an estimate of the rate of inflation.


       OPERATING CONCESSION RIGHTS
       The recoverable amounts of operating concession rights have been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using cash flow
       projections based on a financial budget covering a nine-year period approved by senior management. The discount rate applied to
       the cash flow projection is 18.58%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the forecast period is 2.3%, which
       is also an estimate of the rate of inflation.


       Assumptions were used in the value-in-use calculation for 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. The following describes
       each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of indefinite-life
       intangible assets:


       Budgeted gross margins – Management determined budgeted gross margins based on past performance and its expectations for
       the development of the market.


       Discount rates – The discount rates used are the rates of return on investment required by the Group.


       Royalty rates – The royalty rates are determined based on comparable or similar transactions.


       Growth rates – The growth rates beyond the forecast period are the rates of inflation.


       The values assigned to key assumptions are consistent with historical experience of the Group and external information sources.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
258   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2023




39. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                                          2023                     2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000
   Share of net assets                                                                               12,584,076               9,844,575
   Loans to joint ventures                                                                                    –                  58,500


   Total                                                                                             12,584,076               9,903,075


   The Group’s amounts due from joint ventures and amounts due to joint ventures are disclosed in note 21 to the financial
   statements.


   Particulars of the Group’s principal joint ventures of the Group are set out in note 4 to the financial statements.


   The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that are not individually material:


                                                                                                          2023                     2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000
   Share of the joint ventures’ profit for the year                                                   2,869,750                 966,290
   Share of the joint ventures’ other comprehensive (loss)/income                                       (51,958)                 14,952


   Share of the joint ventures’ total comprehensive income                                            2,817,792                 981,242


   Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the joint ventures                        12,584,076               9,903,075


40. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                          2023                     2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000
   Measured using the equity method
   Share of net assets                                                                               54,381,641              54,196,285
   Goodwill on acquisition                                                                            4,444,639               4,446,708


   Subtotal                                                                                          58,826,280              58,642,993


   Provision for impairment                                                                          (1,819,215)              (2,198,669)


   Total                                                                                             57,007,065              56,444,324


   Measured at fair value through profit or loss                                                     11,247,515              12,209,635


   Total                                                                                             68,254,580              68,653,959


   Net book value pledged (note 50)                                                                  11,323,903              11,844,320


   Particulars of the Group’s principal associates of the Group are set out in note 4 to the financial statements.


   The Group’s amounts due from associates and amounts due to associates are disclosed in note 21 to the financial statements.


   Sinopharm Industrial Investment Co., Ltd. (“Sinopharm”) is considered a material associate of the Group and is accounted for using
   the equity method.


                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       259
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




40. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
       The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Sinopharm adjusted for any differences in accounting policies
       and reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                                            2023                    2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000
       Current assets                                                                                 335,769,893            317,699,289
       Non current assets                                                                              47,566,886             47,019,848
       Current liabilities                                                                           (241,419,075)          (234,896,225)
       Non current liabilities                                                                        (21,300,812)           (19,441,180)


       Net assets                                                                                     120,616,892            110,381,732


       Net assets attributable to the owners of the parent                                             37,897,955             34,615,362


                                                                                                            2023                    2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000
       Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
         Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                                 49%                    49%
         Group’s share of net assets of the associate, excluding goodwill                              18,569,998             16,961,527


         Carrying amount of the investment                                                             18,569,998             16,961,527


         Revenues                                                                                     596,569,565            552,147,550
         Total comprehensive income for the year                                                       15,002,188             14,337,009
         Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent                                       4,553,856              4,288,695
         Other comprehensive income                                                                         8,395                  4,473
         Dividend received                                                                                633,947                578,200


       The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates using the equity method that are not
       individually material:


                                                                                                            2023                    2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000
       Share of the associates’ profit for the year                                                     4,472,198               2,297,078
       Share of the associates’ other comprehensive income/(loss)                                         570,162              (3,421,137)


       Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income/(loss)                                       5,042,360              (1,124,059)


       Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the associates
         using the equity method                                                                       38,437,067             39,482,797




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
260   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023




41. GOODWILL
                                                                                                    2023                    2022
                                                                            Notes                RMB’000                 RMB’000
  Cost:
    At 1 January                                                                               28,697,907              25,891,560
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                              56(a)              1,703,428               4,518,463
    Disposal of subsidiaries                                                 56(b)               (111,653)             (2,399,786)
    Exchange alignment                                                                            621,548                 687,670


      At 31 December                                                                           30,911,230              28,697,907


  Accumulated impairment:
    At 1 January                                                                                1,284,253               1,086,742
    Charge for the year                                                        10                  76,196                 197,511
    Exchange alignment                                                                              2,883                       –


      At 31 December                                                                            1,363,332               1,284,253


  Net book value:
   At 31 December                                                                              29,547,898              27,413,654


      At 1 January                                                                             27,413,654              24,804,818


  Impairment testing of goodwill
  Goodwill acquired through business combinations has been allocated to the corresponding subsidiary acquired as the acquired
  subsidiary is the only cash-generating unit that can benefit from synergy of the acquisition. The impairment test is based on the
  recoverable amount of the acquired subsidiary to which the goodwill is allocated of the following segments:


  –        Health


  –        Happiness


  –        Insurance


  –        Asset Management


  –        Intelligent Manufacturing


  The carrying amounts of goodwill are as follows:


                                                                                                    Intelligent
                              Health        Happiness                 Wealth                     Manufacturing                   Total
                                                                                      Asset
                                                               Insurance        management
                            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000
  2023                    14,093,518        10,195,588           982,350             892,087          3,384,355          29,547,898
  2022                    13,398,621         9,981,242           890,892             964,221          2,178,678          27,413,654




                                                                                                   FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                  261
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




41. GOODWILL (Continued)
       Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
       The recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit is determined based on a value-in-use or fair value less costs of disposal
       calculation. The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a period
       ranging from five to ten years. The discount rates applied to the cash flow projections range from 6.5% to 19% (2022: 6.3% to
       19%). Cash flows beyond the period of the financial budget are extrapolated using the estimated long-term growth rates of 1.5%
       to 3.5%. Discount rates and the estimated long-term growth rates used for each cash-generating unit within the major segments
       as at 31 December 2023 are as follows:


                                                                                                                         Estimated long-term
                                                                                                      Discount rates           growth rates
       Happiness segment                                                                                 6.5%-16.5%            1.68%-2.96%
       Health segment                                                                                   6.5%-18.46%              1.5%-2.3%
       Insurance segment                                                                                12.1%-19.0%                2%-3.5%
       Intelligent Manufacturing segment                                                                10.1%-10.6%              2.3%-2.5%


       Assumptions were used in the value-in-use or fair value less costs of disposal calculation of the cash-generating units as at 31
       December 2023. The following describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to
       undertake impairment testing of goodwill:


       Budgeted gross margins – Management determined budgeted gross margins based on past performance and its expectations for
       the development of the market.


       Discount rate – The discount rate used is before tax and reflects specific risks relating to the relevant unit.

       Growth rate – The growth rates beyond the forecast period are the rates of inflation.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
262   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                              42. DEFERRED TAX
                                 Movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:

                                 Deferred tax assets                                                                                                               Fair value
                                                                                                                                    Fair value       Fair value adjustments
                                                                                                                                 adjustments      adjustments   arising from
                                                                                                       Losses                    arising from     arising from         equity
                                                                                                 available for                          equity             debt investments
                                                                                                   offsetting                    investments investments at      designated
                                                                                                      against                    at fair value       fair value at fair value
                                                                                                       future                         through through other through other        Additional                 Insurance and
                                                                                                      taxable    Accruals and            profit comprehensive comprehensive             LAT       Lease        reinsurance
                                                                                                       profits     provisions           or loss         income        income     provisions   liabilities         contracts    Others        Total
                                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000
                                 At 31 December 2021                                                2,852,651       2,484,531         58,441          62,214         313,216      2,111,188      57,991                 –      977,538     8,917,770
                                 Effect of adoption of amendments to HKFRS 17                          12,029         226,431        (91,512)         24,410          48,963              –           –           994,605     (237,422)      977,504
                                 Effect of adoption of amendments to HKAS 12 (note 2.2(d))                  –               –              –               –               –              –   2,737,881                 –            –     2,737,881


                                 At 1 January 2022 (restated)                                       2,864,680       2,710,962        (33,071)         86,624         362,179      2,111,188   2,795,872           994,605     740,116     12,633,155
                                 Acquisition of subsidiaries                                            8,501          87,248              –               –               –              –           –                 –     163,247        258,996
                                 Disposal of subsidiaries (note 56(b))                                (10,782)        (17,179)             –        (318,316)              –              –           –                 –     (77,493)      (423,770)
                                 Deferred tax credited/(charged) to reserves during the year            2,194         (93,524)             –       1,476,255          49,943              –           –             1,034     (28,088)     1,407,814
                                 Deferred tax credited/(charged) to the consolidated statement
                                   of profit or loss during the year (note 12)                        279,665        (161,702)       (73,081)         (42,577)              –      141,619     237,113            145,137     205,293       731,467
                                 Included in assets classified as held for sale (note 23)                   –               –              –                –               –            –           –                  –     (32,010)      (32,010)
                                 Others                                                                     –               –        281,478                –        (281,478)           –           –                  –           –             –
                                 Exchange realignment                                                  59,071          67,135            697           99,108         (15,305)         403      75,697             32,721     (49,558)      269,969


                                 Gross deferred tax assets at 31 December 2022
                                   and 1 January 2023 (restated)                                    3,203,329       2,592,940        176,023       1,301,094         115,339      2,253,210   3,108,682         1,173,497     921,507     14,845,621


                                 Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 56(a))                             118,209         34,967               –               –                –             –            –                 –      4,135        157,311
                                 Disposal of subsidiaries (note 56(b))                                 (6,146)             –               –               –                –             –            –                 –       (220)        (6,366)
FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED      Deferred tax credited/(charged) to reserves during the year                –         (9,992)              –        (637,938)          90,945             –            –             8,896     33,838       (514,251)
                                 Deferred tax credited/(charged) to the consolidated statement
                                   of profit or loss during the year (note 12)                        890,481         55,583         (98,635)         (2,230)               –       50,159     230,098           (117,838)     (84,492)     923,126
                                 Included in assets classified as held for sale (note 23)                   –              –               –               –                –            –           –                  –      (41,155)     (41,155)
         ANNUAL REPORT 2023      Exchange realignment                                                  66,304         49,857          21,787          58,099            7,744            –     151,474             65,780      (13,034)     408,011


    263                          Gross deferred tax assets at 31 December 2023                      4,272,177       2,723,355         99,175         719,025         214,028      2,303,369   3,490,254         1,130,335     820,579     15,772,297
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
    264                       42. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
                                  Movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: (Continued)


FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                               Fair value
                                                                                                                                         Fair value   adjustments
                                                                                                                                      adjustments            arising
                                                                                                                                            arising     from debt
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2023


ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                        Fair value    from equity     investments
                                                                                                                     adjustments      investments     at fair value
                                                                                                                     arising from     at fair value through other        Revaluation       Deemed                                Insurance and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements


                                                                                                                    acquisition of         through comprehensive       of investment    disposal of   Deferred    Right-of-use      reinsurance
                                                                                                                      subsidiaries   profit or loss         income         properties    associates       LAT           assets         contracts     Others         Total
                                                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000
                                  At 31 December 2021                                                                   8,381,248       3,041,978           398,920        2,936,068     2,060,437      70,982              –                 –    1,827,070     18,716,703
                                  Effect of adoption of amendments to HKFRS 17                                             11,989        (222,263)          (39,847)           1,436             –           –              –            (6,144)     131,895       (122,934)
                                  Effect of adoption of amendments to HKAS 12 (note 2.2(d))                                     –               –                 –                –             –           –      2,737,881                 –            –      2,737,881


                                  At 1 January 2022 (restated)                                                          8,393,237       2,819,715           359,073        2,937,504     2,060,437      70,982      2,737,881            (6,144)   1,958,965     21,331,650
                                  Deferred tax (credited)/charged to the consolidated statement of
                                    profit or loss during the year (note 12)                                             (448,847)       (196,583)                –        2,089,687      (698,642)    (31,638)       185,468           27,885     1,506,896      2,434,226
                                  Deferred tax credited to reserves during the year                                        (3,222)              –          (201,702)           1,027         4,727           –              –        1,051,599        18,132        870,561
                                  Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                           3,959,941               –                 –                –             –           –              –                –       116,858      4,076,799
                                  Disposal of subsidiaries (note 56(b))                                                  (501,967)        (42,601)                –         (121,909)            –           –              –                –             –       (666,477)
                                  Exchange realignment                                                                    102,169          46,436            51,585          270,873             –       4,067         71,350           37,171        83,212        666,863


                                  Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2022 and1 January 2023 (restated)      11,501,311       2,626,967           208,956        5,177,182     1,366,522      43,411      2,994,699        1,110,511     3,684,063     28,713,622


                                  Deferred tax (credited)/charged to the consolidated statement of
                                    profit or loss during the year (note 12)                                             (388,624)        343,928                 –          231,544        (7,040)    (51,547)       212,326           16,855     (1,407,666)   (1,050,224)
                                  Deferred tax credited to reserves during the year                                        13,996             152            57,490          (11,234)            –           –              –         (283,542)       (66,017)     (289,155)
                                  Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 56(a))                                                423,662               –                 –                –             –           –              –                –          4,725       428,387
                                  Disposal of subsidiaries (note 56(b))                                                  (179,856)              –                 –         (143,098)            –           –              –                –       (101,167)     (424,121)
                                  Exchange realignment                                                                     81,768           8,265            (5,548)          61,561           948       8,136        148,747           46,680        217,879       568,436


                                  Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2023                                   11,452,257       2,979,312           260,898        5,315,955     1,360,430           –      3,355,772          890,504     2,331,817     27,946,945
                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




42. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
    For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities amounting to RMB6,002,700,000 (2022: RMB5,576,944,000)
    have been offset in the consolidated statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the
    Group for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                          2023                      2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                               (Restated)
    Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of
      financial position                                                                              9,769,597               9,268,677
    Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of
      financial position                                                                             21,944,245              23,136,678


    Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been
    loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the following items
    can be utilised:


                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000
    Tax losses                                                                                       37,906,383              35,060,148
    Deductible temporary differences                                                                  4,159,193               3,642,830


    Total                                                                                            42,065,576              38,702,978


    Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding corporate income tax is levied on dividends declared to
    foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Chinese Mainland. The requirement became effective from
    1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding corporate income tax rate may be applied
    if there is a tax treaty between Chinese Mainland and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For the Group, the applicable
    withholding rate is 5%. The Group is therefore liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries and
    joint ventures established in Chinese Mainland in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008. At 31 December 2023, no
    deferred tax has been recognised for withholding taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings that are subject to
    withholding taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Chinese Mainland. In the opinion of the directors, it is not probable
    that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of unrecognised deferred tax
    liabilities (i.e., withholding taxes relating to such temporary differences) was approximately RMB3,623,952,000 at 31 December
    2023 (2022: RMB3,326,061,000).


    There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its shareholders.




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       265
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




43. DEPOSITS FROM CUSTOMERS
                                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
       Demand deposits
         – Corporate deposits                                                                         60,403,069          58,790,265
         – Personal deposits                                                                           7,733,256           8,839,880


       Subtotal                                                                                       68,136,325          67,630,145


       Time deposits
         – Corporate deposits                                                                           9,988,608          5,366,895
         – Personal deposits                                                                            4,091,154          3,938,902


       Subtotal                                                                                       14,079,762           9,305,797


       Total                                                                                          82,216,087          76,935,942


       Deposits from customers which are related parties are disclosed in note 61 to the financial statements.


       Included in the Group’s deposits from customers are amounts from the Group’s associates and joint ventures in the Finance
       Company, a subsidiary of the Group of RMB1,347,044,000 (2022: RMB1,873,857,000) and RMB13,000 (2022: RMB84,000),
       respectively.


44. REVERSE REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS AND ASSETS SOLD
    UNDER AGREEMENTS TO REPURCHASE
       (i)     Reverse repurchase agreements


                                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
               Total                                                                                    6,844,927                   –


       (ii)    Assets sold under agreements to repurchase


                                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
               Bonds                                                                                      144,148            151,868
               Others                                                                                      43,915                  –


               Total                                                                                      188,063            151,868


       As at 31 December 2023, liabilities classified as assets sold under agreements to repurchase were secured by debt investments at
       fair value through profit or loss of the group amounting to RMB1,424,714,000 (31 December 2022: RMB1,127,529,000).




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
266   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




45. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
    LOSS
                                                                                                                           2023                      2022
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000
   Gold leases*                                                                                                        5,728,134                3,397,215
   Others**                                                                                                              969,274                  909,661


   Total                                                                                                               6,697,408                4,306,876

   *       Yuyuan, a subsidiary of the Group, signed gold lease contracts with banks, pursuant to which Yuyuan will lease in gold and return the same
           quantity of gold to the banks. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss mainly represent the fair value of the gold to be returned
           under the gold lease agreements between Yuyuan and the banks as at 31 December 2023.

   **      Among which includes a financial instrument arrangement, the Company entered into with a bank where the amount to be settled with the
           bank was based on the fair value of the pledged financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as at 31 December 2023.



46. TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES
                                                                                                                           2023                      2022
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000
   Trade payables                                                                                                    23,231,106                21,954,620
   Notes payable                                                                                                      3,176,564                 2,438,972


   Total                                                                                                             26,407,670                24,393,592


   An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period is as follows:
   Outstanding balances with ages:
     Within 90 days                                                                                                  16,121,038                14,032,419
     91 to 180 days                                                                                                   2,102,846                 1,577,017
     181 to 365 days                                                                                                  1,798,814                 3,041,641
     1 to 2 years                                                                                                       907,245                 1,415,175
     2 to 3 years                                                                                                       701,168                 1,063,014
     Over 3 years                                                                                                     1,599,995                   825,354


   Total                                                                                                             23,231,106                21,954,620


   Trade and notes payables of the Group mainly arose from the Health segment and the Happiness segment. The trade and notes
   payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 to 60 days or based on the progress of construction of
   properties.




                                                                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                         267
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




47. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000
       Contract liabilities                                                                          19,865,129             24,332,437


       The Group receives payments from customers based on the billing schedule as established in contracts. Payments are usually
       received in advance of the performance under the contracts from property sales and resorts operation.


       The following table shows the amounts of the revenue recognised in each reporting period related to contract liabilities carried
       forward.


                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000
       Revenue recognised during the year that was included in the contract liabilities
         balance at the beginning of the year                                                        19,074,011             14,294,063


       The following table includes the transaction prices allocated to the remaining unsatisfied performance obligations as at the end of
       each reporting period.


                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000
       Expected to be recognised within one year                                                     18,488,625             17,610,707
       Expected to be recognised after one year                                                       2,213,060              6,883,630


       Total                                                                                         20,701,685             24,494,337


48. DUE TO BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000
       Due to European Central Bank                                                                             –                36,965


       Due to:
       Banks in Germany                                                                                  244,527                280,547
       Banks in other European countries                                                                 857,450                823,596
       Banks in other countries and regions                                                                1,481                      –


       Subtotal                                                                                        1,103,458              1,104,143


       Total                                                                                           1,103,458              1,141,108




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
268   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2023




49. ACCRUED LIABILITIES AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                    2023                     2022
                                                                       Notes     RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Restated)
   Expected to be settled no more than 12 months:
   Advances from customers                                                      5,805,744              5,903,668
   Dividends payable to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries               48,017                 58,377
   Payables related to:
     Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                 1,962,863              1,598,379
     Deposits received                                                          2,602,753             12,016,530
     Payroll                                                                    5,705,262              5,202,159
     Accrued interest expenses                                                    942,124              1,472,642
     Value-added tax                                                            1,316,794              1,220,128
     Accrued utilities                                                             64,295                 39,281
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                1,804,272                 60,787
   Funding from third parties for business development                          5,345,411              6,792,122
   Other accrued expenses                                                       5,027,234              5,811,128
   Lease liabilities                                                    34      2,663,206              2,601,195
   Others                                                                      12,808,829             12,286,113


   Subtotal                                                                    46,096,804             55,062,509


   Expected to be settled more than 12 months:
   Payables for rehabilitation                                          (i)       259,755                248,379
   Payables for employee benefits                                       (ii)    1,424,131              1,169,784
   Payables for acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries               112,589                 88,545
   Share redemption options granted to non-controlling shareholders
     of subsidiaries                                                            1,601,368              1,550,983
   Loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                              –                312,752
   Lease liabilities                                                    34     17,883,821             15,260,560
   Others                                                                       7,203,545              3,569,293


   Subtotal                                                                    28,485,209             22,200,296


   Total                                                                       74,582,013             77,262,805




                                                                                  FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                269
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




49. ACCRUED LIABILITIES AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
       Notes:

       (i)      The movements of payables for rehabilitation are set out below:


                                                                                                                      2023                     2022
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000
                At 1 January                                                                                        301,119                  275,697
                Additions                                                                                            10,733                   55,111
                Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                               –                    1,507
                Payments made                                                                                       (29,085)                 (43,571)
                Exchange realignment                                                                                 10,921                   12,375


                At 31 December                                                                                      293,688                  301,119


                Expected to be settled no more than 12 months:                                                       33,933                   52,740
                Expected to be settled more than 12 months:                                                         259,755                  248,379


       (ii)     The movements of payables for employee benefits are set out below:

                                                                                                                      2023                     2022
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000
                At 1 January                                                                                      1,231,352                1,686,514
                Additions                                                                                           249,800                   96,594
                Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                               –                   96,491
                Interest increment (note 9)                                                                          18,983                    5,609
                Payments made                                                                                      (207,884)                (356,293)
                Exchange realignment                                                                                191,128                 (297,563)


                At 31 December                                                                                    1,483,379                1,231,352


                Expected to be settled no more than 12 months:                                                       59,248                   61,568
                Expected to be settled more than 12 months:                                                       1,424,131                1,169,784


                Payables for employee benefits are based on estimates of future payments made by management and are discounted at rates in the range of
                0.80% to 3.2% (2022: 0.80% to 6.06%).




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
270   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




50. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                          2023                    2022
                                             Notes     RMB’000                 RMB’000
  Bank loans:
    Guaranteed                                           446,816                502,976
    Secured                                           72,556,104             58,926,901
    Unsecured                                         84,668,628             92,657,317


                                                     157,671,548           152,087,194


  Corporate bonds and enterprise bonds        (2)      8,283,265             20,333,046
  Private placement bonds                     (3)        458,714              1,453,304
  Senior notes                                (4)     19,604,788             29,330,861
  Medium-term notes                           (5)      1,207,711              8,610,818
  Super short-term commercial papers          (6)      3,807,844                      –
  Exchangeable bonds                          (7)      2,043,667              1,940,594
  Other borrowings, secured                   (8)     16,090,210             10,247,311
  Other borrowings, unsecured                 (8)      2,756,163              2,916,023


  Total                                              211,923,910           226,919,151


  Repayable:
    Within one year                                   95,368,247           106,279,027
    In the second year                                50,082,845            39,473,609
    In the third to fifth years, inclusive            47,548,281            57,082,083
    Over five years                                   18,924,537            24,084,432


  Total                                              211,923,910           226,919,151




                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                       271
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




50. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)
       Notes:

       (1)      Certain of the Group’s interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and other liabilities are secured by the pledges of assets with carrying
                values at the end of each reporting period as follows:

                                                                                                  Notes                       2023                  2022
                                                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

                Pledge of assets:
                  Pledged bank balances                                                            15                     6,871,900            1,041,172
                  Inventories                                                                      18                       797,680              929,883
                  Completed properties for sale                                                                           5,399,355            4,594,245
                  Properties under development                                                     19                    31,545,999           34,365,862
                  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                            25                    11,221,408            2,864,708
                  Property, plant and equipment                                                    32                    12,865,916           10,369,166
                  Investment properties                                                            33                    66,683,282           60,362,581
                  Right-of-use assets                                                              34                     2,016,590            1,539,538
                  Intangible assets                                                                38                       335,698              341,569
                  Investment in associates                                                         40                    11,323,903           11,844,320
                  Other assets                                                                                            6,161,236              602,323


                Apart from the above, as at 31 December 2023, investments in subsidiaries are secured to raise interest-bearing bank and other borrowings,
                including 1,468,625,974 shares of Shanghai Yuyuan Tourist Mart (Group) Co., Ltd., 707,900,000 shares of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical
                (Group) Co., Ltd., and 686,000,000 shares of Hainan Mining Co., Ltd.

                As at 31 December 2023, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings amounting to RMB289,984,000 were guaranteed by Fosun
                International Holdings Ltd., which is the ultimate holding company of the Group (2022: RMB383,053,000). Interest-bearing bank and other
                borrowings amounting to RMB156,832,000 (2022: RMB119,923,000) as at 31 December 2023 were guaranteed by third parties.

                Certain other interest -bearing bank borrowings and other liabilities were secured by other unlisted subsidiaries shares.

                The bank loans bear interest at rates ranging from 0.00% to 12.37% (2022: 0.00% to 11.85%) per annum.

                Other assets include items pledged in trade and notes receivables (note 17) with a carrying amount of RMB283,253,000 (31 December 2022:
                RMB473,279,000), due from related companies (note 21) with a carrying amount of RMB5,465,000,000 (31 December 2022: nil), finance
                lease receivables (note 26) with a carrying amount of RMB374,492,000 (2022: RMB129,044,000), and debt investments at fair value through
                other comprehensive income (note 28) with a carrying amount of RMB38,491,000 (2022: nil).




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
272   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2023




50. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (2)     Corporate bonds and enterprise bonds

           On 27 November 2019, Yuyuan issued five-year domestic corporate bonds with a par value of RMB600,000,000 and an effective interest rate
           of 4.95% per annum. Interest is paid annually in arrears and the maturity date is 27 November 2024.

           On 20 February 2020, Yuyuan issued five-year domestic corporate bonds with a par value of RMB1,900,000,000 and an effective interest rate
           of 3.60% per annum. On 20 February 2023, Yuyuan repaid in advance with a par value of RMB1,699,100,000. Interest is paid annually in
           arrears and the maturity date is 20 February 2025.

           On 21 April 2020, Fosun High Technology issued five-year domestic corporate bonds with a par value of RMB300,000,000 and an effective
           interest rate of 4.58% per annum. Interest is paid annually in arrears and the maturity date is 21 April 2025.

           On 7 August 2020, Fosun High Technology issued five-year domestic corporate bonds with a par value of RMB1,900,000,000 and an effective
           interest rate of 4.56% per annum. On 7 August 2023, Fosun High Technology repaid in advance with a par value of RMB1,890,000,000.
           Interest is paid annually in arrears and the maturity date is 7 August 2025.

           On 2 November 2020, Fosun High Technology issued five-year domestic corporate bonds with a par value of RMB1,600,000,000 and
           an effective interest rate of 4.87% per annum. On 2 November 2023, Fosun High Technology repaid in advance with a par value of
           RMB1,255,000,000. Among the rest of enterprise and corporate bonds, the ones with a par value of RMB175,000,000 were purchased by
           third party investors. Interest is paid annually in arrears and the maturity date is 2 November 2025.

           On 4 June 2021, Fosun Insurance Portugal issued five-year corporate bonds with a par value of EUR500,000,000 and an effective interest rate
           of 4.25% per annum. Interest is paid at the maturity date which is 4 September 2026.

           On 27 July 2021, Fosun High Technology issued three-year offshore corporate bonds with a par value of USD200,000,000 and an effective
           interest rate of 4.42% per annum. Interest is paid semi-annually in arrears and the maturity date is 27 July 2024.

           On 18 January 2022, Fosun High Technology issued two-year domestic corporate bonds with a par value of RMB1,600,000,000 and
           an effective interest rate of 6.36% per annum. On 18 January 2023, Fosun High Technology repaid in advance with a par value of
           RMB1,583,900,000. Interest is paid annually in arrears and the maturity date is 18 January 2024.

           On 15 March 2022, Fosun High Technology issued three-year offshore corporate bonds with a par value of USD150,000,000 and an effective
           interest rate of 3.24% per annum. Interest is paid semi-annually in arrears and the maturity date is 15 March 2025.

           On 21 March 2022, Yuyuan issued three-year domestic corporate bonds with a par value of RMB550,000,000 and an effective interest rate
           of 4.95% per annum. Interest is paid annually in arrears and the maturity date is 21 March 2025.




                                                                                                                  FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                273
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




50. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)
       Notes: (Continued)


       (3)     Private placement bonds

               On 22 November 2021, Napier TMK, a subsidiary of Yuyuan, issued three-year private placement bonds with a par value of JPY1,500,000,000
               and the effective interest rate is 12.69% per annum. Interest is paid quarterly in arrears and the maturity date is 22 November 2024.

               On 28 March 2022, Napier TMK, a subsidiary of Yuyuan, issued thirty-one-month private placement bonds with a par value of
               JPY3,500,000,000 and the effective interest rate is 5.19% per annum. Interest is paid quarterly in arrears and the maturity date is 31 October
               2024.

               On 1 April 2022, Tekapo TMK, a subsidiary of Fosun Management Holdings Limited, issued five-year private placement bonds with a par
               value of JPY700,000,000 and the effective interest rate is 1.69% per annum. Interest is paid quarterly in arrears and the maturity date is 1
               April 2027.

               On 31 July 2023, Napier TMK, a subsidiary of Yuyuan, issued fifteen-month private placement bonds with a par value of JPY3,500,000,000
               and the effective interest rate is 8.00% per annum. Interest is paid quarterly in arrears and the maturity date is 31 October 2024.

       (4)     Senior notes

               On 2 July 2020, Fortune Star, a subsidiary of Fosun Industrial Holdings Limited, issued four-year senior notes with a par value of
               USD600,000,000 and an effective interest rate of 6.99%. Among these, senior notes with a par value of USD571,224,000 were purchased by
               third party investors. Interest is paid semi-annually in arrears and the maturity date is 2 July 2024.

               On 19 October 2020, Fortune Star, a subsidiary of Fosun Industrial Holdings Limited, issued five-year senior notes with a par value of
               USD400,000,000 and an effective interest rate of 6.09%. Among these, senior notes with a par value of USD384,407,000 were purchased by
               third party investors. Interest is paid semi-annually in arrears and the maturity date is 19 October 2025.

               On 8 December 2020, Fortune Star, a subsidiary of Fosun Industrial Holdings Limited, issued five-year senior notes with a par value of
               USD300,000,000 and an effective interest rate of 5.56%. Interest is paid semi-annually in arrears and the maturity date is 19 October 2025.

               On 27 January 2021, Fortune Star, a subsidiary of Fosun Industrial Holdings Limited, issued six-year senior notes with a par value of
               USD500,000,000 and an effective interest rate of 5.23%. Among these, senior notes with a par value of USD490,300,000 were purchased by
               third party investors. Interest is paid semi-annually in arrears and the maturity date is 27 January 2027.

               On 18 May 2021, Fortune Star, a subsidiary of Fosun Industrial Holdings Limited, issued five-year senior notes with a par value of
               USD500,000,000 and an effective interest rate of 5.20%. Among these, senior notes with a par value of USD488,200,000 were purchased by
               third party investors. Interest is paid semi-annually in arrears and the maturity date is 18 May 2026.

               On 2 July 2021, Fortune Star, a subsidiary of Fosun Industrial Holdings Limited, issued five-year senior notes with a par value of
               EUR500,000,000 and an effective interest rate of 4.15%. Among these, senior notes with a par value of EUR485,211,000 were purchased by
               third party investors. Interest is paid semi-annually in arrears and the maturity date is 2 October 2026.


       (5)     Medium-term notes

               On 22 September 2020, Fosun High Technology issued five-year medium-term notes with a par value of RMB1,000,000,000 and an effective
               interest rate of 5.01% per annum. On 22 September 2023, Fosun High Technology repaid in advance with a par value of RMB990,000,000.
               Interest is paid annually in arrears and the maturity date is 22 September 2025.

               On 9 March 2022, Fosun Pharma issued four-year medium-term notes with a par value of RMB500,000,000 and an effective interest rate of
               3.55% per annum. Interest is paid annually in arrears and the maturity date is 9 March 2026.

               On 27 October 2023, Fosun High Technology issued two-year medium-term notes with a par value of RMB700,000,000 and an effective
               interest rate of 6.8% per annum. Interest is paid annually in arrears and the maturity date is 27 October 2025.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
274   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




50. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (6)     Super short-term commercial papers

           On 11 July 2023, Fosun High Technology issued super short-term commercial papers with a par value of RMB1,000,000,000 and an effective
           interest rate of 4.99% per annum. Interest is payable at the maturity date which is 9 January 2024.

           On 4 September 2023, Fosun High Technology issued super short-term commercial papers with a par value of RMB1,000,000,000 and an
           effective interest rate of 5.16% per annum. Interest is payable at the maturity date which is 31 May 2024.

           On 18 September 2023, Yuyuan issued super short-term commercial papers with a par value of RMB600,000,000 and an effective interest
           rate of 5.30% per annum. Interest is payable at the maturity date which is 11 March 2024.

           On 27 September 2023, Fosun High Technology issued super short-term commercial papers with a par value of RMB500,000,000 and an
           effective interest rate of 5.50% per annum. Interest is payable at the maturity date which is 21 June 2024.

           On 18 October 2023, Yuyuan issued super short-term commercial papers with a par value of RMB300,000,000 and an effective interest rate
           of 5.50% per annum. Interest is payable at the maturity date which is 10 April 2024.

           On 14 December 2023, Yuyuan issued super short-term commercial papers with a par value of RMB360,000,000 and an effective interest
           rate of 5.70% per annum. Interest is payable at the maturity date which is 11 June 2024.

   (7)     Exchangeable bonds

           On 29 March 2022, Fosun High Technology issued 3-year Exchangeable Bonds (the “Exchangeable Bonds”) with a par value of RMB2 billion.
           The Exchangeable Bonds are convertible into ordinary shares of Hainan Mining Co., Ltd. (“Hainan Mining”), a subsidiary of the Group which
           is a listed company in Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Exchangeable Bonds bear a fixed annual interest rate of 1%. The initial conversion price
           is RMB10.26 per share. The bondholders can convert the Exchangeable Bonds into the shares of Hainan Mining at the prevailing conversion
           price during the period from 29 September 2022 to 24 March 2025 (the “Conversion Period”). The Exchangeable Bonds are secured by 336
           million shares of Hainan Mining A shares hold by the group. The maturity date of the Exchangeable Bonds is 28 March 2025. On the maturity
           date Fosun High Technology will redeem the outstanding Exchangeable Bonds at 109% of the par value, excluding the interest in the third
           year. During the Conversion Period, if the closing price of Hainan Mining’s A Shares is not less than 130% (inclusive 130%) of the prevailing
           conversion price for at least 15 trading days out of any 30 consecutive trading days, or if the total unconverted amount is less than RMB30
           million, Fosun High Technology has the right to redeem all or part of the outstanding Exchangeable Bonds at par value plus accrued interest.
           Within six months before the maturity date of the Exchangeable Bonds, if the closing price of Hainan Mining’s A Shares is less than 70% of
           the prevailing conversion price for at least 15 trading days out of any 30 consecutive trading days, the bondholders have the right to sell all
           or part of the Exchangeable Bonds at par value plus accrued interest to the issuer. As at 31 December 2023, the prevailing conversion price
           of the Exchangeable Bonds was RMB10.12 per share.

   (8)     Other borrowings

           In March 2020, Fosun Tourism Group (“FTG”), a subsidiary of the Group, issued asset-backed securities which were backed by the Atlantis
           Sanya hotel and water park as mortgages with a coupon rate of 5%, and the 100% equity interest in Hainan Atlantis and operating revenue
           of Atlantis Sanya as a pledge. The principal and interest of the prioritised level shall be repaid semi-annually in 48 instalments in 24 years.
           The coupon rates of the securities of the prioritised level are subject to adjustments by FTG and the holders have the rights, at their option,
           to require FTG to redeem at an interval of every three years within the terms of the securities. The fund raised by FTG from the third party
           investors was recorded as other borrowings amounted to RMB5,482,044,000 (31 December 2022: RMB6,055,787,000) as at 31 December
           2023.

           In 2023, the Group issued three tranches of asset-backed securities (quasi-REITs) with a coupon rate of 4.5%, which were backed by certain
           properties in the Bund Financial Center in Shanghai as mortgage. The interest shall be paid quarterly in 18 years. The holder have the rights,
           at its option, to require the Group to redeem at an interval of every three years within the terms of the securities. The fund raised by the
           Group from the third party investor was recorded as other borrowings amounted totally to RMB2,912,000,000 as at 31 December 2023.

           The other borrowings represent borrowings from third parties, which bear interest at rates ranging from 0% to 12.2% (31 December 2022:
           0% to 10.0%) per annum.




                                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                    275
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




51. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES FOR UNIT-LINKED CONTRACTS AND
    INVESTMENT CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                                  Notes    RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                          (restated)
       Financial liabilities for unit-linked contracts                             (i)    29,442,770     23,276,840
       Investment contract liabilities                                             (ii)   37,583,333     40,765,932
       Commissions on the issue of financial products                                              –         (2,652)


       Total                                                                              67,026,103     64,040,120

       Notes:

       (i)      Unit-linked contracts


                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                            (restated)
                At 1 January                                                               23,276,840     12,708,621
                Issues                                                                      4,935,477      9,236,759
                Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                         –      4,584,082
                Redemptions                                                                (2,213,996)    (1,477,217)
                Profit or loss                                                              1,636,603     (2,432,294)
                Other                                                                         (16,683)       (12,729)
                Exchange realignment                                                        1,824,529        669,618


                At 31 December                                                             29,442,770     23,276,840


       (ii)     Other investment contract liabilities


                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                            (restated)
                At 1 January                                                               40,765,932     47,160,507
                Issues                                                                      8,418,886      4,679,450
                Redemptions                                                               (14,526,366)   (12,840,388)
                Profit or loss                                                                700,404        107,360
                Other                                                                          17,052         15,482
                Exchange realignment                                                        2,207,425      1,643,521


                At 31 December                                                             37,583,333     40,765,932




52. DEFERRED INCOME
       Deferred income represents government grants received related to assets.


                                                                                              2023            2022
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000
       Special purpose fund for technology improvement                                      265,977         194,678
       Government grants for property development and fixed asset construction              977,035       1,036,391


       Total                                                                               1,243,012      1,231,069




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
276   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2023




53. SHARE CAPITAL
   Shares
                                                                                                        2023                    2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000
   Issued and fully paid:
      8,203,164,124 (2022: 8,220,210,124) ordinary shares                                          37,286,880              37,146,381


   A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                                                  Number of                    Issued
                                                                                              shares in issue                 capital
                                                                                                                             RMB’000
   At 1 January 2022                                                                           8,318,781,924               36,919,889
   Share award scheme (note 58)                                                                   35,265,200                  226,492
   Re-purchase of shares                                                                        (133,837,000)                       –


   At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                      8,220,210,124               37,146,381
   Share award scheme (note 58)                                                                   27,737,000                  140,499
   Re-purchase of shares                                                                         (44,783,000)                       –


   At 31 December 2023                                                                         8,203,164,124               37,286,880


54. RESERVES
   The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the consolidated
   statement of changes in equity of the financial statements.


   (a) Other deficits
          The balance of other deficits represented the acquisition of the entire equity interest in Fosun Group pursuant to the
          restructuring of the Group prior to the listing of its shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, after netting off the paid-up
          capital and capital reserve (arising from the bonus share issue of its subsidiaries) of Fosun Group.


   (b) Surplus reserve
          In accordance with the Company Law of the PRC and the respective articles of association of the subsidiaries established
          in Chinese Mainland (the “PRC Subsidiaries”), each PRC Subsidiary is required to allocate 10% of its profit after tax, as
          determined in accordance with the applicable PRC accounting standards and regulations, to the surplus reserve until this
          reserve reaches 50% of its registered capital. Subject to certain restrictions set out in the Company Law of the PRC, part of
          the surplus reserve can be capitalised as paid-up capital, provided that the remaining balance after the capitalisation is not
          less than 25% of the registered capital.


          In accordance with the Company Law of Portugal, a percentage of not less than 10% or 5% of each year’s net profit,
          depending on whether a company is an insurance or other company, must be transferred to the legal reserve, until the
          legal reserve totals the amount of share capital, or the legal reserve totals 20% of the registered capital. The legal reserve
          may not be distributed, but only be used to increase share capital or to offset accumulated losses.




                                                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                     277
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




55. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL
    NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
       Details of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests are set out below:


                                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                  (Restated)
       Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests:
       Fosun Pharma                                                                                           63.93%               63.96%
       Fosun Insurance Portugal                                                                               15.01%               15.01%


       Fidelidade – Companhia de Seguros, S.A. and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as “Fosun Insurance Portugal”.


                                                                                                                2023                   2022
                                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                                  (Restated)
       Profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests:
       Fosun Pharma                                                                                          1,582,449            2,329,608
       Fosun Insurance Portugal                                                                                218,136              166,260


       Dividends paid to non-controlling interests:
       Fosun Pharma                                                                                           717,234              866,113


       Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at the reporting dates:
       Fosun Pharma                                                                                     29,275,999            28,521,589
       Fosun Insurance Portugal                                                                          3,147,634             2,734,206




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
278   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2023




55. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL
    NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)
   The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries. The amounts disclosed are before any
   inter-company eliminations:

                                                                                                     Fosun
   2023                                                                                  Insurance Portugal           Fosun Pharma
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000
   Total revenue                                                                                  30,500,770              41,248,505
   Total expenses                                                                                (28,690,489)            (38,341,101)
   Profit for the year                                                                             1,810,281               2,907,404
   Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         2,885,691               2,939,260


   Total assets                                                                                  160,013,995            113,431,227
   Total liabilities                                                                            (136,010,705)           (56,853,342)


   Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities                                                (709,096)             3,414,217
   Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities                                               3,310,455             (3,819,290)
   Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                     (2,841,021)            (1,336,250)


                                                                                                       Fosun
   2022                                                                                    Insurance Portugal          Fosun Pharma
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Restated)
   Total revenue                                                                                  26,187,462              43,811,385
   Total expenses                                                                                (24,658,501)            (39,857,751)
   Profit for the year                                                                             1,528,961               3,953,634
   Total comprehensive income for the year                                                            44,133               4,061,677


   Total assets                                                                                  148,929,596            107,113,190
   Total liabilities                                                                            (127,339,129)           (53,054,997)


   Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities                                              (4,771,219)             4,217,571
   Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities                                               6,308,470             (4,064,038)
   Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                                              (3,483,055)             4,428,475




                                                                                                      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                    279
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




56. ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
       (a) Acquisition of subsidiaries
               (I)     ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES ACCOUNTED FOR AS BUSINESS COMBINATIONS NOT UNDER COMMON
                       CONTROL
                       The major acquisition of subsidiaries accounted for as business combinations not under common control is set out
                       as follows:


                       In April 2023, Gland Pharma International PTE Ltd, a subsidiary of Fosun Pharma, acquired 100% equity interest in
                       Phixen SAS from a third party. The consideration was RMB862,179,000. The acquisition was undertaken to further
                       develop the business under health segment of the Group.


                       In June 2023, Alma Hong Kong 2023 Limited (“Alma HK”), a subsidiary of Fosun Pharma, entered into an asset
                       purchase agreement with PhotonMed International Limited (“PhotonMed HK”) and its owner, pursuant to which
                       Alma HK has agreed to purchase the business (comprising the target assets). After the completion of the acquisition
                       on 28 June 2023, Alma HK shall issue 40% of its shares to PhotonMed HK so that Alma and PhotonMed HK will
                       hold 60% and 40% of the total issued shares of Alma HK, respectively. The total consideration is an amount of up
                       to RMB270,000,000, including contingent portion up to RMB37,500,000, which is subject to adjustment in relation
                       to the target revenue and earnings. The acquisition was undertaken to further develop the business under health
                       segment of the Group.


                       In October 2023, Fosun Pharma, acquired 6% equity interests in Jianjia Medical Investment Management Co.,
                       Ltd. (“Jianjia Medical”), a former associate, at the consideration of RMB120,000,000. After the completion of the
                       acquisition, Fosun Pharma held 51% equity interest in Jianjia Medical. The acquisition was undertaken to further
                       develop the business under the health segment of the Group.


                       In October 2023, Fosun High Technology, a subsidiary of Group, acquired 29.56% equity interests in Zhejiang
                       Wansheng Co., Ltd. (“Wansheng”) from Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Iron & Steel”). The consideration
                       was RMB2,650,000,000 and the unpaid cash consideration as at 31 December 2023 was RMB1,650,000,000 which
                       was included in accrued liabilities and other payables and the equity interests in Wansheng were pledged to Nanjing
                       Iron & Steel. The acquisition was undertaken to further develop the business under Intelligent Manufacturing
                       segment of the Group.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
280   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2023




56. ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (a) Acquisition of subsidiaries (Continued)
        (I)   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES ACCOUNTED FOR AS BUSINESS COMBINATIONS NOT UNDER COMMON
              CONTROL (Continued)
              The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of all the subsidiaries acquired during the year were as
              follows:


                                                                                                                           2023
                                                                                                                     Fair value
                                                                                                                 recognised on
                                                                                                                    acquisition
                                                                                                                      RMB’000
              Cash and bank balances                                                                                  1,496,052
              Restricted cash                                                                                            83,717
              Trade and notes receivables                                                                             1,076,174
              Inventories                                                                                               893,286
              Due from related companies                                                                                      5
              Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                           830,449
              Assets classified as held for sale                                                                            500
              Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                     204,850
              Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                          81,648
              Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income                            101,087
              Property, plant and equipment (note 32)                                                                 6,080,736
              Investment properties (note 33)                                                                             8,205
              Right-of-use assets (note 34(a))                                                                        1,922,174
              Intangible assets (note 38)                                                                             1,267,638
              Investments in joint ventures                                                                               2,021
              Deferred tax assets (note 42)                                                                             157,311
              Trade and notes payables                                                                               (1,566,657)
              Contract liabilities                                                                                     (126,414)
              Tax payable                                                                                               (16,355)
              Derivative financial instruments (Liabilities)                                                             (1,171)
              Accrued liabilities and other payables (excluding lease liabilities)                                     (827,452)
              Lease liabilities (note 34(b))                                                                         (1,409,713)
              Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                             (2,652,161)
              Deferred tax liabilities (note 42)                                                                       (428,386)


              Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                             7,177,544




                                                                                                 FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                               281
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




56. ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
       (a) Acquisition of subsidiaries (Continued)
               (I)     ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES ACCOUNTED FOR AS BUSINESS COMBINATIONS NOT UNDER COMMON
                       CONTROL (Continued)
                       The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of all the subsidiaries acquired during the year were as
                       follows: (Continued)


                                                                                                                                   2023
                                                                                                                             Fair value
                                                                                                                            recognised
                                                                                                                         on acquisition
                                                                                                                              RMB’000
                       Non-controlling interests                                                                             (4,417,194)
                       Total net assets acquired                                                                              2,760,350
                       Goodwill on acquisition (note 41)                                                                      1,703,428


                       Total                                                                                                  4,463,778


                                                                                                                                  2023
                                                                                                                               RMB’000
                       Satisfied by:


                       Cash                                                                                                   3,052,295
                       Investments in associates                                                                                411,483
                       Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                        1,000,000


                       Total                                                                                                  4,463,778


                       The fair values of the trade and notes receivables and prepayments, other receivables and other assets as at
                       the dates of acquisition amounted to RMB1,076,174,000 and RMB830,449,000, respectively. The fair values
                       of the acquired trade and notes receivables and prepayments, other receivables and other assets as at the date
                       of acquisition approximate to their gross contractual amounts. None of these receivables are expected to be
                       uncollectible.


                       None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.


                       Since the acquisition, the acquired subsidiaries contributed RMB2,226,060,000 to the Group’s turnover and net loss
                       of RMB141,692,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2023.


                       Had the combinations taken place at the beginning of the year, the revenue and the profit after tax of the Group
                       for the would have been RMB202,226,680,000 and RMB5,395,140,000 respectively.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
282   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2023




56. ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (a) Acquisition of subsidiaries (Continued)
        (II)    ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY NOT ACCOUNTED FOR AS BUSINESS COMBINATION
                In November 2023, Xinmao Investment Co., Limited, a subsidiary of Hainan Mining increased its equity interest
                in Kodal Mining UK (“KMUK”) to 51% at a total payment of USD94,340,000 (equivalent to RMB676,644,000)
                and KMUK has been consolidated into the Group since then. This acquisition aims to further develop the Group’s
                business under Intelligent Manufacturing segment. The major assets of KMUK are mining rights in Mali. The non-
                controlling interests arised from this acquisition amounted to RMB721,619,000.

                The above acquisition has been accounted for an acquisition of assets in the Group’s consolidated financial
                statements. The purchase cost of the Group is allocated to the assets and liabilities, respectively, on the basis of
                their relative fair values at the date of purchase.

        (III)   AN ANALYSIS OF THE CASH FLOWS IN RESPECT OF THE ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES AS SET OUT IN (I)
                AND (II) ABOVE IS AS FOLLOWS:


                                                                                                                                2023
                                                                                                                            RMB’000
                Consideration settled by cash                                                                             (3,728,939)
                Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                         2,213,036
                Unpaid cash consideration as at 31 December 2023                                                           1,735,560
                Prepayment of cash consideration for acquisition not yet incorporated into mergers
                  as at 31 December 2023                                                                                      (15,000)


                Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows used in investing activities                  204,657


   (b) Disposal of subsidiaries
        The major disposal of subsidiaries during the year were as follows:

        In May 2023, FTG, a subsidiary of the Group, entered into an equity transfer agreement with Goldman Sachs Group to sell
        the Casa Cook and Cook’s Club brands and related overseas businesses for a consideration of EUR8,000,000 (equivalent to
        RMB57,604,000).

        In May 2023, FTG, a subsidiary of the Group, completed the disposal of its 54% equity interests in a subsidiary, Société
        Villages Hôtel des Caraïbes (“SVHC”), for a consideration of EUR22,072,000 (equivalent to RMB164,055,000). SVHC owned
        the Les Boucaniers Resort in France. FTG then entered into a lease contract with the buyer for the leaseback of the assets
        of Les Boucaniers on a 15-year term and continued to operate the resort. FTG measured the right-of-use assets arising from
        the leaseback for the proportion that related to the right of use retained by the Group and recognised the amount of the
        gain that relates to the rights transferred to the buyer.

        In May 2023, Alpha Yu B.V. (“Alpha Yu”), a subsidiary of the Group, disposed 80% of the equity interests in International
        Gemological Institute B.V., IGI Netherlands B.V., and International Gemological Institute (India) Private Limited (collectively
        referred to as IGI Group) to BCP ASIA II TOPCO PTE. LTD. for the consideration of USD456,000,000 (equivalent to
        RMB3,206,102,000).




                                                                                                      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                    283
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




56. ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
       (b) Disposal of subsidiaries (Continued)
               The major disposal of subsidiaries during the year were as follows: (Continued)


                                                                                                     2023           2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


               Net assets disposed of:
                 Cash and bank balances                                                             281,974     2,354,599
                 Trade and notes receivables                                                        126,382       200,123
                 Inventories                                                                         24,734     1,656,710
                 Due from related companies                                                          23,311       248,568
                 Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                    354,159       667,166
                 Derivative financial instruments (assets)                                                –        96,542
                 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                            1,340,576       595,189
                 Debt investment at fair value through other comprehensive income                         –    10,297,210
                 Property, plant and equipment (note 32)                                            461,179     2,198,121
                 Investment properties (note 33)                                                  4,673,886     3,604,901
                 Right-of-use assets (note 34(a))                                                    33,903       459,587
                 Intangible assets (note 38)                                                        659,114     1,730,937
                 Investments in associates                                                        1,273,627       886,546
                 Goodwill (note 41)                                                                 111,653     2,399,786
                 Deferred tax assets (note 42)                                                        6,366       423,770
                 Trade and notes payables                                                           (52,162)     (239,690)
                 Contract liabilities                                                                  (249)     (351,173)
                 Tax payable                                                                         (9,556)      (76,760)
                 Accrued liabilities and other payables                                                   –             –
                 (excluding lease liabilities)                                                     (258,500)     (787,930)
                 Lease liabilities (note 34(b))                                                           –      (127,237)
                 Due to related companies                                                            (2,778)      (76,894)
                 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                      (2,110,333)   (2,032,671)
                 Insurance contract liabilities                                                           –    (8,481,707)
                 Deferred income                                                                    (49,554)      (26,184)
                 Deferred tax liabilities (note 42)                                                (424,121)     (666,477)
                 Non-controlling interests                                                       (2,026,099)   (3,137,889)


                                                                                                 4,437,512     11,815,143




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
284   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




56. ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (b) Disposal of subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                                       2023                   2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
        Reclassification adjustments from other comprehensive losses upon disposal                   50,759                 920,976


                                                                                                   4,488,271             12,736,119
        Right-of-use assets recognised in sales and leaseback                                         37,959                153,459
        Fair value of the retained interests in subsidiaries disposed of                            (223,312)            (3,659,465)
        Provision for disposal costs                                                                  11,357                  2,953
        Net gain on disposal of subsidiaries (note 6)                                              1,606,965              1,253,732


        Total                                                                                      5,921,240             10,486,798


        Satisfied by:
          Cash                                                                                     5,921,240             10,486,798


        An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries is as follows:


                                                                                                       2023                   2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


        Cash consideration                                                                         5,921,240             10,486,798
        Cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                                       (281,974)            (2,354,599)
        Cash consideration received in advance for disposal of subsidiaries                                –                (63,750)
        Receipt of unreceived cash consideration for disposal
          as at 31 December 2022                                                                   4,355,267                557,703
        Cash consideration unreceived as at 31 December 2023                                         (25,941)            (4,370,267)


        Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents included in
          cash flows from investing activities                                                     9,968,592              4,255,885




                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                   285
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




57. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
       (a) Major non-cash transactions
               During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB3,548,640,000 and
               RMB3,584,034,000, respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for land, buildings, machinery, furniture, fixtures and
               other equipment (2022: RMB4,162,465,000 and RMB4,270,387,000).


       (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                                                                                                   Financial
                                                                                                    Other                                                      liabilities at
                                                                                          borrowings in                           Assets                          fair value
                                                                                                 accrued                      sold under                    through profit
                                                                            Bank and      liabilities and        Lease     agreements to       Interest    or loss (exclude
                                                                          other loans    other payables      liabilities      repurchase       payable         Gold leases)
                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000              RMB’000
               At 31 December 2022 and at 1 January 2023                  226,919,151                  –    17,861,755           151,868     1,472,642              909,661


               Changes from financing cash flows                          (17,899,659)        3,562,624     (3,798,481)           (7,720)             –               5,441
               Changes from operating cash flows                                    –                 –              –            43,915              –                   –
               Interest paid                                                        –                 –              –                 –    (12,808,936)                  –
               New leases                                                           –                 –      3,584,034                 –              –                   –
               Disposal                                                             –                 –       (159,548)                –              –                   –
               Fair value change                                                    –                 –              –                 –              –             (53,345)
               Foreign exchange movement                                    2,247,583                 –        811,179                 –        111,654                   –
               Interest expense                                               115,007                 –        838,375                 –     11,110,782                   –
               Interest capitalised under properties under development              –                 –              –                 –        952,670                   –
               Interest capitalised under property, plant and equipment             –                 –              –                 –        103,312                   –
               Increase arising from acquisition of subsidiaries            2,652,161                 –      1,409,713                 –              –                   –
               Decrease arising from disposal of subsidiaries              (2,110,333)                –              –                 –              –                   –


               At 31 December 2023                                        211,923,910         3,562,624     20,547,027           188,063       942,124              861,757




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
286   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2023




57. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
  (Continued)

  (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)
                                                                                                                                                     Financial
                                                                                                                                                 liabilities at
                                                                         Loans from                      Assets sold                                fair value
                                                                     non-controlling                          under                           through profit
                                                        Bank and     shareholders of        Lease     agreements to              Interest    or loss (exclude
                                                      other loans      subsidiaries*    liabilities      repurchase              payable         Gold leases)
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000
         At 31 December 2021 and at
           1 January 2022                             237,119,485           286,249    14,622,443         1,467,606            2,105,773                     –


         Changes from financing cash flows            (25,284,307)                 –   (2,734,351)          151,868                     –             843,819
         Equity component of exchangeable
            bonds                                        (127,932)                –             –                  –                    –                   –
         Changes from operating cash flows                      –                 –             –         (1,467,606)                   –                   –
         Interest paid                                          –                 –             –                  –          (12,207,034)                  –
         New leases                                             –                 –     4,270,387                  –                    –                   –
         Disposal                                               –                 –      (252,993)                 –                    –                   –
         Fair value change                                      –                 –             –                  –                    –              65,842
         Foreign exchange movement                      4,515,676            26,503       513,715                  –              113,151                   –
         Interest expense                                 113,151                 –       642,346                  –            9,709,339                   –
         Covid-19-related rent concessions from
            lessors                                             –                  –     (148,452)                 –                    –                    –
         Interest capitalised under properties
            under development                                   –                  –             –                 –           1,733,940                     –
         Interest capitalised under property, plant
            and equipment                                       –                  –             –                 –              17,473                     –
         Increase arising from acquisition of
            subsidiaries                               12,615,749                  –    1,075,897                  –                    –                    –
         Decrease arising from disposal of
            subsidiaries                               (2,032,671)                 –     (127,237)                 –                    –                    –


         At 31 December 2022                          226,919,151           312,752    17,861,755           151,868            1,472,642              909,661

         *         Included in accrued liabilities and other payables



  (c)    Total cash outflow for leases
         The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:


                                                                                                                     2023                            2022
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                         RMB’000
         Within operating activities                                                                               364,348                        346,215
         Within investing activities                                                                              (176,235)                       121,887
         Within financing activities                                                                             3,798,481                      2,734,351


         Total                                                                                                   3,986,594                      3,202,453




                                                                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                          287
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
       (a) Share award scheme of the Company
               The Company adopts a share award scheme (“Share Award Scheme”) for the purpose to align the interests of the eligible
               persons with those of the Group through ownership of shares, dividends and other distributions paid on shares and/or the
               increase in value of the shares; and to encourage and retain eligible persons to make contributions to the long-term growth
               and profits of the Group


               SHARE AWARD SCHEME VII
               On 1 April 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to award an aggregate of 8,501,000 award shares
               (“Award Shares 2020 I”) to 83 selected participants under the share award scheme (“Share Award Scheme VII”). Award
               Shares are awarded to selected participants by way of issue and allotment of new shares pursuant to a specific mandate
               obtained in the annual general meeting held on 3 June 2020.


               Award Shares 2020 I shall be locked up immediately upon granting. The Award Shares 2020 I granted to participants shall
               be subject to various lock-up periods ranging from one year to three years, respectively, immediately from the date of
               grant. Award Shares 2020 I held by participants shall be unlocked in three tranches in the proportion of 33%, 33% and
               34% of the total number of the Award Shares 2020 I granted upon the expiry of each lock-up period.


               The aggregate fair value of the Award Shares 2020 I granted amounted to approximately HKD82,482,000. The Group has
               recognised an amount of HKD10,316,000 (equivalent to RMB9,281,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December
               2023 (2022: equivalent to RMB7,582,000).


               SHARE AWARD SCHEME VIII
               On 28 August 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to award an aggregate of 70,000 award shares
               (“Award Shares 2020 II”) to 2 selected participants under the share award scheme (“Share Award Scheme VIII”). Award
               Shares 2020 II are settled by way of award shares which had lapsed before vesting.


               Award Shares 2020 II shall be locked up immediately upon granting. The Award Shares 2020 II granted to participants
               shall be subject to various lock-up periods ranging from one year to three years, respectively, immediately from the date of
               grant. Award Shares 2020 II held by participants shall be unlocked in three tranches in the proportion of 33%, 33% and
               34% of the total number of the Award Shares 2020 II granted upon the expiry of each lock-up period.


               The aggregate fair value of the Award Shares 2020 II granted amounted to approximately HKD258,000. The Group has
               recognised an amount of HKD19,000 (equivalent to RMB17,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December 2023
               (2022: equivalent to RMB49,000).




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
288   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (a) Share award scheme of the Company (Continued)
       SHARE AWARD SCHEME IX
       On 31 March 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to award an aggregate of 12,790,000 award
       shares (“Award Shares 2021 I”) to 88 selected participants under the share award scheme (“Share Award Scheme IX”).
       Award Shares are awarded to selected participants by way of issue and allotment of new shares pursuant to a specific
       mandate obtained in the annual general meeting held on 3 June 2021.


       Award Shares 2021 I shall be locked up immediately upon granting. The Award Shares 2021 I granted to participants shall
       be subject to various lock-up periods ranging from one year to three years, respectively, immediately from the date of
       grant. Award Shares 2021 I held by participants shall be unlocked in three tranches in the proportion of 33%, 33% and
       34% of the total number of the Award Shares 2021 I granted upon the expiry of each lock-up period.


       The aggregate fair value of the Award Shares 2021 I granted amounted to approximately HKD141,131,000. The Group has
       recognised an amount of HKD20,106,000 (equivalent to RMB18,089,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December
       2023 (2022: equivalent to RMB43,005,000).


       SHARE AWARD SCHEME X
       On 25 August 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to award an aggregate of 265,000 award shares
       (“Award Shares 2021 II”) to 5 selected participants under the share award scheme (“Award Shares Scheme X”). Award
       Shares 2021 II are settled by way of award shares which had lapsed before vesting.


       Award Shares 2021 II shall be locked up immediately upon granting. The Award Shares 2021 II granted to participants
       shall be subject to various lock-up periods ranging from one year to three years, respectively, immediately from the date of
       grant. Award Shares 2021 II held by participants shall be unlocked in three tranches in the proportion of 33%, 33% and
       34% of the total number of the Award Shares 2021 II granted upon the expiry of each lock-up period.


       The aggregate fair value of the Award Shares 2021 II granted amounted to approximately HKD1,038,000. The Group has
       reversed an amount of HKD38,000 (equivalent to RMB34,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022:
       recognised expenses equivalent to RMB437,000).


       SHARE AWARD SCHEME XI
       On 24 March 2022, the Board resolved to award an aggregate of 30,979,000 award shares (“the 2022 First Award Shares”)
       to 143 Selected Participants under the 2015 Share Award Scheme. The 2022 First Award Shares have been issued and
       allotted pursuant to a specific mandate obtained in the annual general meeting of the Company held on 2 June 2022.


       The 2022 First Award Shares shall be locked up immediately upon granting. The 2022 First Award Shares granted to
       participants shall be subject to various lock-up periods ranging from one year to three years, respectively, immediately from
       the date of grant. The 2022 First Award Shares held by participants, of which (i) 25,695,000 award shares shall be unlocked
       in three tranches in the proportion of 33%, 33% and 34% of the total number of the 2022 First Award Shares granted
       upon the expiry of each lock-up period; of which (ii) 5,284,000 award shares shall be unlocked in one tranches in the
       proportion of 100% of the total number of the 2022 First Award Shares granted upon the expiry of each lock-up period.


       The aggregate fair value of the 2022 First Award Shares granted amounted to approximately HKD215,092,000. The Group
       has recognised an amount of HKD76,682,000 (equivalent to RMB68,991,000) as expenses during the year ended 31
       December 2023. (2022: equivalent to RMB85,944,000).




                                                                                                   FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                 289
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
       (a) Share award scheme of the Company (Continued)
               SHARE AWARD SCHEME XII
               On 31 August 2022, the Board resolved to award an aggregate of 4,286,200 award shares (“the 2022 Second Award
               Shares”) to 31 Selected Participants under the 2015 Share Award Scheme. The 2022 Second Award Shares have been
               issued and allotted pursuant to a specific mandate obtained in the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on
               19 October 2022.


               The 2022 Second Award Shares shall be locked up immediately upon granting. The 2022 Second Award Shares granted
               to participants shall be subject to various lock-up periods ranging from one year to three years, respectively, immediately
               from the date of grant. The 2022 Second Award Shares held by participants of which (i) 1,330,000 award shares shall be
               unlocked in three tranches in the proportion of 33%, 33% and 34% of the total number of the 2022 Second Award Shares
               granted upon the expiry of each lock-up period; of which (ii) 2,956,200 award shares shall be unlocked in one tranches in
               the proportion of 100% of the total number of the 2022 Second Award Shares granted upon the expiry of each lock-up
               period.


               The aggregate fair value of the 2022 Second Award Shares granted amounted to approximately HKD19,807,000. The
               Group has recognised an amount of HKD12,330,000 (equivalent to RMB11,093,000) as expenses during the year ended 31
               December 2023 (2022: equivalent to RMB3,254,000).


               SHARE AWARD SCHEME XIII
               On 30 March 2023, the Board resolved to award an aggregate of 25,937,000 award shares (“the 2023 Award Shares”)
               to 113 Selected Participants under the 2023 Share Award Scheme. The 2023 Award Shares have been issued and allotted
               pursuant to a specific mandate obtained in the annual general meeting of the Company held on 16 March 2023.


               The 2023 Award Shares shall be locked up immediately upon granting. The 2023 Award Shares granted to participants
               shall be subject to various lock-up periods ranging from one year to three years, respectively, immediately from the date
               of grant. The 2023 Award Shares held by participants, of which (i) 25,325,000 award shares shall be unlocked in three
               tranches in the proportion of 33%, 33% and 34% of the total number of the 2023 Award Shares granted upon the expiry
               of each lock-up period; of which (ii) 612,000 award shares shall be unlocked in one tranches in the proportion of 100% of
               the total number of the 2023 Award Shares granted upon the expiry of each lock-up period.


               The aggregate fair value of the 2023 Award Shares granted amounted to approximately HKD123,914,000. The Group has
               recognised an amount of HKD59,886,000 (equivalent to RMB53,880,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December
               2023.


               SHARE AWARD SCHEME XIV
               On 31 August 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to award an aggregate of 1,800,000 award shares
               (“Award Shares 2023 II”) to 17 selected participants under the 2023 Share Award Scheme. Award Shares 2023 II have been
               issued and allotted pursuant to a specific mandate obtained in the annual general meeting of the Company held on 16
               March 2023.


               Award Shares 2023 II shall be locked up immediately upon granting. Award Shares 2023 II granted to participants shall be
               subject to various lock-up periods ranging from one year to three years, respectively, immediately from the date of grant.
               Award Shares 2023 II held by participants shall be unlocked in three tranches in the proportion of 33%, 33% and 34% of
               the total number of Award Shares 2023 II granted upon the expiry of each lock-up period.


               The aggregate fair value of the Award Shares 2023 II granted amounted to approximately HKD7,417,000. The Group has
               recognised an amount of HKD2,366,000 (equivalent to RMB2,129,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December
               2023.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
290   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (a) Share award scheme of the Company (Continued)
       SHARE AWARD SCHEME I
       On 30 August 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to award no more than 3,860,000 shares of FTG
       held by the Company (“Award Shares 2021 III”) to 33 selected participants under the share award scheme (“Share Award
       Scheme I”).


       Award Shares 2021 III shall be locked up immediately upon granting. The Award Shares 2021 III granted to participants
       shall be subject to various lock-up periods ranging from one year to two years, respectively, immediately from the date of
       grant. Award Shares 2021 III held by participants shall be unlocked in two tranches in the proportion of 50% and 50% of
       the total number of the Award Shares 2021 III granted upon the expiry of each lock-up period.


       The aggregate fair value of the Award Shares 2021 III granted amounted to approximately HKD38,103,000. The Group has
       reversed an amount of HKD1,521,000 (equivalent to RMB1,369,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December 2023
       (2022: recognised expenses equivalent to RMB9,074,000).


       The following shares were outstanding under the Share Award Scheme during the year:


                                                                                                  2023                    2022
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
       At 1 January                                                                          46,265,480              20,212,530
       Granted during the year                                                               27,737,000              35,265,200
       Forfeited and cancelled during the year                                               (1,344,020)               (585,620)
       Vested during the year                                                               (23,786,510)             (8,626,630)


       At 31 December                                                                        48,871,950              46,265,480


       The number of outstanding shares as at 31 December 2023
         for each tranche of Share Award Scheme is as follows:                                     2023                        2022


       Share Award Scheme VII                                                                         –               2,674,780
       Share Award Scheme VIII                                                                        –                  10,200
       Share Award Scheme IX                                                                  4,125,900               8,378,350
       Share Award Scheme X                                                                      28,900                  56,950
       Share Award Scheme XI                                                                 16,572,450              30,879,000
       Share Award Scheme XII                                                                   877,700               4,266,200
       Share Award Scheme XIII                                                               25,467,000                       –
       Share Award Scheme XIV                                                                 1,800,000                       –


       At 31 December                                                                        48,871,950              46,265,480




                                                                                                 FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                291
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
       (b) Share option scheme of the Company
               The Company adopts share option schemes (“Share Option Schemes”) for the purpose of providing incentives and/or
               rewards to eligible persons for their contribution to the Group, and continuing efforts to promote the interests of the
               Group.


               SHARE OPTION SCHEME I
               On 8 January 2016, the Company granted 111,000,000 options (“Options 2016”) to subscribe for an aggregate of
               111,000,000 ordinary shares in the Company under its Share Option Scheme. Each of the Options 2016 shall entitle the
               holder of such Option 2016 to subscribe for one share upon exercise of such Option 2016 at an exercise price of HKD11.53
               per share.


               The Options 2016 are exercisable by each grantee in three tranches as set out below:


               i.      up to the first 20% of the Options 2016, at any time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2016”);


               ii.     up to a further 30% of the Options 2016, at any time from the date falling on the sixth anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the Option Period 2016; and


               iii.    in respect of the remaining 50% of the Options 2016, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
                       2016 which have not been exercised (and have not lapsed) since the fifth anniversary of the date of grant, at any
                       time from the date falling on the seventh anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2016.


               The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD156,619,000. The Group has
               reversed an amount of HKD40,366,000 (equivalent to RMB36,318,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December
               2023 (2022: equivalent to RMB48,533,000).




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
292   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
       SHARE OPTION SCHEME II
       On 4 May 2017, the Company has granted 56,400,000 options (“Options 2017”) to subscribe for an aggregate of
       56,400,000 ordinary shares in the Company under its Share Option Scheme. Each of the Options 2017 shall entitle the
       holder of such Option 2017 to subscribe for one share upon exercise of such Option 2017 at an exercise price of HKD11.75
       per share.


       The Options 2017 are exercisable by each grantee in three tranches as set out below:


       i.     up to the first 20% of the Options 2017, at any time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2017”);


       ii.    up to a further 30% of the Options 2017, at any time from the date falling on the sixth anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the Option Period 2017; and


       iii.   in respect of the remaining 50% of the Options 2017, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
              2017 which have not been exercised (and have not lapsed) since the fifth anniversary of the date of grant, at any
              time from the date falling on the seventh anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2017.


       The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD92,885,000. The Group has
       reversed an amount of HKD7,844,000 (equivalent to RMB7,057,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December 2023
       (2022: equivalent to RMB13,082,000).


       SHARE OPTION SCHEME III
       On 28 March 2018, the Company has granted 51,701,000 options (“Options 2018”) to subscribe for an aggregate of
       51,701,000 ordinary shares in the Company under its Share Option Scheme, of which (i) 27,000,000 option shares were
       granted to selected global core management; and (ii) 24,701,000 option shares were granted to selected outstanding
       employees. Each of the Options 2018 shall entitle the holder of such Option 2018 to subscribe for one share upon exercise
       of such Option 2018 at an exercise price of HKD17.58 per share.


       The Options 2018 granted to selected global core management are exercisable by each grantee in three tranches as set out
       below:


       i.     up to the first 20% of the Options 2018, at any time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2018”);


       ii.    up to a further 30% of the Options 2018, at any time from the date falling on the sixth anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the Option Period 2018; and


       iii.   in respect of the remaining 50% of the Options 2018, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
              2018 which have not been exercised (and have not lapsed) since the fifth anniversary of the date of grant, at any
              time from the date falling on the seventh anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2018.




                                                                                                 FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                               293
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
       (b) Share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
               SHARE OPTION SCHEME III (Continued)
               The Options 2018 granted to selected outstanding employees are exercisable by each grantee in five tranches as set out
               below:


               i.      up to the first 20% of the Options 2018, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2018”);


               ii.     up to a further 20% of the Options 2018, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date
                       of grant till the end of the Option Period 2018; and


               iii.    up to a further 20% of the Options 2018, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the Option Period 2018; and


               iv.     up to a further 20% of the Options 2018, at any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the Option Period 2018; and


               v.      in respect of the remaining 20% of the Options 2018, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
                       2018 which have not been exercised (and have not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any
                       time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2018.


               The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD148,269,000. The Group has
               recognised an amount of HKD6,163,000 (equivalent to RMB5,545,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December
               2023 (2022: reversed expenses equivalent to RMB2,709,000).


               SHARE OPTION SCHEME IV
               On 27 March 2019, the Company has granted 83,880,000 options (“Options 2019 I”) to subscribe for an aggregate of
               83,880,000 ordinary shares in the Company under its Share Option Scheme, of which (i) 66,000,000 option shares were
               granted to selected global core management; and (ii) 17,880,000 option shares were granted to selected outstanding
               employees. Each of the Options 2019 I shall entitle the holder of such Option 2019 I to subscribe for one share upon
               exercise of such Option 2019 I at an exercise price of HKD12.86 per share.


               The Options 2019 I granted to selected global core managements are exercisable by each grantee in three tranches as set
               out below:


               i.      up to the first 20% of the Options 2019 I, at any time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2019 I”);


               ii.     up to a further 30% of the Options 2019 I, at any time from the date falling on the sixth anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the Option Period 2019 I; and


               iii.    in respect of the remaining 50% of the Options 2019 I, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
                       2019 I which have not been exercised (and have not lapsed) since the fifth anniversary of the date of grant, at any
                       time from the date falling on the seventh anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2019 I.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
294   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
       SHARE OPTION SCHEME IV (Continued)
       The Options 2019 I granted to selected outstanding employees are exercisable by each grantee in four tranches as set out
       below:


       i.     up to the first 25% of the Options 2019 I, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2019 I”);


       ii.    up to a further 25% of the Options 2019 I, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date
              of grant till the end of the Option Period 2019 I; and


       iii.   up to a further 25% of the Options 2019 I, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the Option Period 2019; and


       iv.    in respect of the remaining 25% of the Options 2019 I, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
              2019 I which have not been exercised (and have not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any
              time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2019 I.


       The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD191,839,000. The Group has
       recognised an amount of HKD13,818,000 (equivalent to RMB12,432,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December
       2023 (2022: equivalent to RMB2,368,000).


       SHARE OPTION SCHEME V
       On 28 August 2019, the Company has granted 2,380,000 options (“Options 2019 II”) to subscribe for an aggregate of
       2,380,000 ordinary shares in the Company under its Share Option Scheme, Each of the options 2019 II shall entitle the
       holder of such Option 2019 II to subscribe for one share upon exercise of such Option 2019 II at an exercise price of
       HKD9.95 per share.


       The Options 2019 II which are classified as type I and type II are granted to newly-joined management staff and the
       intelligent technology professionals of the Group.


       Type I exercising schedule:


       i.     up to the first 25% of the Options 2019 II, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2019 II”);


       ii.    up to a further 25% of the Options 2019 II, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date
              of grant till the end of the Option Period 2019 II; and


       iii.   up to a further 25% of the Options 2019 II, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the Option Period 2019 II; and


       iv.    in respect of the remaining 25% of the Options 2019 II, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
              2019 II which have not been exercised (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time
              from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2019 II.




                                                                                                  FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                295
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
       (b) Share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
               SHARE OPTION SCHEME V (Continued)
               Type II exercising schedule:


               i.      up to the first 50% of the Options 2019 II, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date
                       of grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2019 II”);


               ii.     up to a further 25% of the Options 2019 II, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the Option Period 2019 II; and


               iii.    in respect of the remaining 25% of the Options 2019 II, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
                       2019 II which have not been exercised (and have not lapsed) since the second anniversary of the date of grant, at
                       any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2019
                       II.


               The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD1,847,000. The Group has
               reversed an amount of HKD241,000 (equivalent to RMB217,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December 2023
               (2022: equivalent to RMB1,889,000).


               SHARE OPTION SCHEME VI
               On 1 April 2020, the Company has granted 20,900,000 options (“Options 2020 I”) to subscribe for an aggregate of
               20,900,000 ordinary shares in the Company under its Share Option Scheme, of which (i) 9,400,000 option shares were
               granted to selected global core management; and (ii) 11,500,000 option shares were granted to selected outstanding
               employees. Each of the Options 2020 I shall entitle the holder of such Option 2020 I to subscribe for one share upon
               exercise of such Option 2020 I at an exercise price of HKD8.79 per share.


               The Options 2020 I granted to selected global core managements are exercisable by each grantee in three tranches as set
               out below:


               i.      up to the first 20% of the Options 2020 I, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2020 I”);


               ii.     up to a further 30% of the Options 2020 I, at any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date
                       of grant till the end of the Option Period 2020 I; and


               iii.    in respect of the remaining 50% of the Options 2020 I, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
                       2020 I which have not been exercised (and have not lapsed) since the third anniversary of the date of grant, at any
                       time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2020 I.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
296   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
       SHARE OPTION SCHEME VI (Continued)
       The Options 2020 I granted to selected outstanding employees are exercisable by each grantee in four tranches as set out
       below:


       i.     up to the first 25% of the Options 2020 I, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2020 I”);


       ii.    up to a further 25% of the Options 2020 I, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date
              of grant till the end of the Option Period 2020 I; and


       iii.   up to a further 25% of the Options 2020 I, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the Option Period 2020 I; and


       iv.    in respect of the remaining 25% of the Options 2020 I, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
              2020 I which have not been exercised (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time
              from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2020 I.


       The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD31,391,000. The Group has
       recognised an amount of HKD2,055,000 (equivalent to RMB1,848,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December
       2023 (2022: equivalent to RMB4,468,000).


       SHARE OPTION SCHEME VII
       On 28 August 2020, the Company has granted 190,000 options (“Options 2020 II”) to subscribe for an aggregate of
       190,000 ordinary shares in the Company under its Share Option Scheme, Each of the options 2020 II shall entitle the holder
       of such Option 2020 II to subscribe for one share upon exercise of such Option 2020 II at an exercise price of HKD8.86 per
       share.


       The Options 2020 II are exercisable by each grantee in four tranches as set out below:


       i.     up to the first 25% of the Options 2020 II, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2020 II”);


       ii.    up to a further 25% of the Options 2020 II, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date
              of grant till the end of the Option Period 2020 II; and


       iii.   up to a further 25% of the Options 2020 II, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the Option Period 2020 II; and


       iv.    in respect of the remaining 25% of the Options 2020 II, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
              2020 II which have not been exercised (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time
              from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2020 II.


       The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD141,000. The Group has
       recognised an amount of HKD17,000 (equivalent to RMB15,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December 2023
       (2022: equivalent to RMB28,000).




                                                                                                   FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                 297
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
       (b) Share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
               SHARE OPTION SCHEME VIII
               On 31 March 2021, the Company has granted 39,910,000 options (“Options 2021 I”) to subscribe for an aggregate
               of 39,910,000 ordinary shares in the Company under its Share Option Scheme, of which (i) 32,200,000 option shares
               are granted to selected global core management; and (ii) 7,710,000 option shares are granted to selected outstanding
               employees. Each of the Options 2021 I shall entitle the holder of such Option 2021 I to subscribe for one share upon
               exercise of such Option 2021 I at an exercise price of HKD10.91 per share.


               The Options 2021 I granted to selected global core managements are exercisable by each grantee in three tranches as set
               out below:


               i.      up to the first 20% of the Options 2021 I, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2021 I”);


               ii.     up to a further 30% of the Options 2021 I, at any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date
                       of grant till the end of the Option Period 2021 I; and


               iii.    in respect of the remaining 50% of the Options 2021 I, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
                       2021 I which have not been exercised (and have not lapsed) since the third anniversary of the date of grant, at any
                       time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2021 I.


               The Options 2021 I granted to selected outstanding employees are exercisable by each grantee in four tranches as set out
               below:


               i.      up to the first 25% of the Options 2021 I, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2021 I”);


               ii.     up to a further 25% of the Options 2021 I, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date
                       of grant till the end of the Option Period 2021 I; and


               iii.    up to a further 25% of the Options 2021 I, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the Option Period 2021 I; and


               iv.     in respect of the remaining 25% of the Options 2021 I, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
                       2021 I which have not been exercised (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time
                       from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2021 I.


               The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD71,812,000. The Group has
               recognised an amount of HKD16,228,000 (equivalent to RMB14,601,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December
               2023 (2022: equivalent to RMB16,203,000).




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
298   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
       SHARE OPTION SCHEME IX
       On 25 August 2021, the Company has granted 780,000 options (“Options 2021 II”) to subscribe for an aggregate of
       780,000 ordinary shares in the Company under its Share Option Scheme. Each of the Options 2021 II shall entitle the holder
       of such Option 2021 II to subscribe for one share upon exercise of such Option 2021 II at an exercise price of HKD9.90 per
       share.


       The Options 2021 II are exercisable by each grantee in four tranches as set out below:


       i.     up to the first 25% of the Options 2021 II, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2021 II”);


       ii.    up to a further 25% of the Options 2021 II, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date
              of grant till the end of the Option Period 2021 II; and


       iii.   up to a further 25% of the Options 2021 II, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the Option Period 2021 II; and


       iv.    in respect of the remaining 25% of the Options 2021 II, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
              2021 II which have not been exercised (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time
              from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2021 I I.


       The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD606,000. The Group has
       reversed an amount of HKD320,000 (equivalent to RMB288,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December 2023
       (2022: recognised expenses equivalent to RMB495,000).


       SHARE OPTION SCHEME X
       On 24 March 2022, the Company has granted 59,300,000 options (“Options 2022 I”) to subscribe for an aggregate of
       59,300,000 ordinary shares in the Company under the 2017 Share Option Scheme, of which (i) 49,400,000 option shares
       are granted to selected global core management; and (ii) 9,900,000 option shares are granted to selected outstanding
       employees.. Each of the Options 2022 I shall entitle the holder of such Option 2022 I to subscribe for one share upon
       exercise of such Option 2022 I at an exercise price of HKD8.71 per share.


       The Options 2022 I granted to selected global core managements are exercisable by each grantee in three tranches as set
       out below:


       i.     up to the first 20% of the Options 2022 I, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the Option Period 2022 I;


       ii.    up to a further 30% of the Options 2022 I, at any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date
              of grant till the end of the Option Period 2022 I; and


       iii.   in respect of the remaining 50% of the Options 2022 I, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
              2022 I which have not been exercised (and have not lapsed) since the third anniversary of the date of grant, at any
              time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2022 I.




                                                                                                   FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                 299
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
       (b) Share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
               SHARE OPTION SCHEME X (Continued)
               The Options 2022 I granted to selected outstanding employees are exercisable by each grantee in four tranches as set out
               below:


               i.      up to the first 25% of the Options 2022 I, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2022 I”);


               ii.     up to a further 25% of the Options 2022 I, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date
                       of grant till the end of the Option Period 2022 I; and


               iii.    up to a further 25% of the Options 2022 I, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the Option Period 2022 I; and


               iv.     in respect of the remaining 25% of the Options 2022 I, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
                       2021 II which have not been exercised (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time
                       from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2022 I.


               The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD71,886,000. The Group has
               recognised an amount of HKD15,889,000 (equivalent to RMB14,295,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December
               2023 (2022: equivalent to RMB14,775,000).


               SHARE OPTION SCHEME XI
               On 31 August 2022, the Company has granted 180,000 options (“Options 2022 II”) to subscribe for an aggregate of
               180,000 ordinary shares in the Company under the 2017 Share Option Scheme. Each of the Options 2022 II shall entitle
               the holder of such Option 2022 II to subscribe for one share upon exercise of such Option 2022 II at an exercise price of
               HKD5.95 per share.


               The Options 2022 II are exercisable by each grantee in four tranches as set out below:


               i.      up to the first 25% of the Options 2022 II, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2022 II”);


               ii.     up to a further 25% of the Options 2022 II, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date
                       of grant till the end of the Option Period 2022 II; and


               iii.    up to a further 25% of the Options 2022 II, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
                       grant till the end of the Option Period 2022 II; and


               iv.     in respect of the remaining 25% of the Options 2022 II, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
                       2022 II which have not been exercised (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time
                       from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2022 II.


               The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD87,000. The Group has
               recognised an amount of HKD27,000 (equivalent to RMB24,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December 2023.
               (2022: equivalent to RMB23,000).




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
300   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
       SHARE OPTION SCHEME XII
       On 30 March 2023, the Company has granted 71,070,000 options (“options 2023 I") subscribe for an aggregate of
       71,070,000 ordinary shares in the Company under the 2023 Share Option Scheme, of which (i) 62,100,000 option shares
       are granted to selected global core management; and (ii) 8,970,000 option shares are granted to selected outstanding
       employees. Each of the Options 2023 I shall entitle the holder of such Option 2023 I to subscribe for one share upon
       exercise of such Option 2023 I at an exercise price of HKD6.16 per share.


       The Options 2023 I granted to selected global core managements are exercisable by each grantee in three tranches as set
       out below:


       i.     up to the first 20% of the Options 2023 I, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the Option Period 2023 I;


       ii.    up to a further 30% of the Options 2023 I, at any time from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date
              of grant till the end of the Option Period 2023 I; and


       iii.   in respect of the remaining 50% of the Options 2023 I, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
              2022 I which have not been exercised (and have not lapsed) since the third anniversary of the date of grant, at any
              time from the date falling on the fifth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2023 I.


       The Options 2023 I granted to selected outstanding employees are exercisable by each grantee in four tranches as set out
       below:


       i.     up to the first 25% of the Options 2023 I, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2023 I”);


       ii.    up to a further 25% of the Options 2023 I, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date
              of grant till the end of the Option Period 2023 I; and


       iii.   up to a further 25% of the Options 2023 I, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
              grant till the end of the Option Period 2023 I; and


       iv.    in respect of the remaining 25% of the Options 2023 I, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
              which have not been exercised (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time from the
              date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2023 I.


       The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD98,235,000. The Group has
       recognised an amount of HKD21,140,000 (equivalent to RMB19,020,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December
       2023.




                                                                                                  FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                301
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
       (b) Share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
               SHARE OPTION SCHEME XIII
               On 31 August 2023, the Company has granted 190,000 options (“Options 2023 II”) to subscribe for an aggregate of
               190,000 ordinary shares in the Company under the 2023 Share Option Scheme. Each of the Options 2023 II shall entitle
               the holder of such Option 2023 to subscribe for one share upon exercise of such Option 2023 II at an exercise price of
               HKD4.93 per share.


               The Options 2023 II are exercisable by each grantee in four tranches as set out below:


               i.         up to the first 25% of the Options 2023 II, at any time from the date falling on the first anniversary of the date of
                          grant till the end of the 10-year period commencing from the date of grant (“Option Period 2023 II”);


               ii.        up to a further 25% of the Options 2023 II, at any time from the date falling on the second anniversary of the date
                          of grant till the end of the Option Period 2023 II; and


               iii.       up to a further 25% of the Options 2023 II, at any time from the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of
                          grant till the end of the Option Period 2023 II; and


               iv.        in respect of the remaining 25% of the Options 2023 II, which, for the avoidance of doubt, comprise those Options
                          2023 II which have not been exercised (and not lapsed) since the first anniversary of the date of grant, at any time
                          from the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant till the end of the Option Period 2023 II.


               The aggregate fair value of the Share Option Scheme granted amounted to approximately HKD266,000. The Group has
               recognised an amount of HKD48,000 (equivalent to RMB43,000) as expenses during the year ended 31 December 2023.


               The fair value of equity-settled share options granted was estimated as at the date of grant using a binomial model, taking
               into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. The following table lists the major inputs to
               the model used:


               Share option:                                                                Scheme I           Scheme II          Scheme III
                     Share price (HKD per share)                                                10.80               11.68              17.58
                     Volatility (%)                                                             30.00               25.17              32.12
                     Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                 1.36                1.23               1.91
                     Expected life of options (year)                                               10                  10                 10
                     Dividend yield (%)                                                          1.57                1.80               1.99


               Share option:                                                               Scheme IV           Scheme V           Scheme VI
                     Share price (HKD per share)                                                12.86                9.95               8.79
                     Volatility (%)                                                             38.59               36.71              36.70
                     Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                 1.43                1.01               0.64
                     Expected life of options (year)                                               10                  10                 10
                     Dividend yield (%)                                                          2.88                3.17               4.58




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
302   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
       SHARE OPTION SCHEME XIII (Continued)
       Share option:                                                       Scheme VII          Scheme VIII          Scheme IX
         Share price (HKD per share)                                              8.86               10.88                 9.90
         Volatility (%)                                                          33.69               28.42                23.58
         Risk-free interest rate (%)                                              0.71                1.61                 1.04
         Expected life of options (year)                                            10                  10                   10
         Dividend yield (%)                                                       3.14                   –                 2.22


       Share option:                                                        Scheme X            Scheme XI          Scheme XII
         Share price (HKD per share)                                              8.71                5.95                 5.68
         Volatility (%)                                                          24.92               24.89                24.87
         Risk-free interest rate (%)                                              2.15                3.09                 3.51
         Expected life of options (year)                                            10                  10                   10
         Dividend yield (%)                                                       3.44                5.18                 0.25


       Share option:                                                      Scheme XIII
         Share price (HKD per share)                                              4.91
         Volatility (%)                                                          24.82
         Risk-free interest rate (%)                                              3.86
         Expected life of options (year)                                            10
         Dividend yield (%)                                                       0.29


       The following options were outstanding under the Share Option Scheme during the year:


                                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
       At 1 January                                                                      274,916,850              242,875,100
       Granted during the year                                                            71,260,000               59,480,000
       Exercised during the year                                                                   –                        –
       Forfeited and other changes during the year                                       (43,460,500)             (27,438,250)


       At 31 December                                                                    302,716,350              274,916,850




                                                                                                FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                              303
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
       (b) Share option scheme of the Company (Continued)
               SHARE OPTION SCHEME XIII (Continued)
               The weighted average exercise price of share options which were granted during 2023 was HKD6.80 (2022: HKD8.70), the
               weighted average exercise price of share options which were forfeited during 2023 were HKD11.55 (2022: HKD11.33), and
               the weighted average share price for share options exercised during the year was HKD0 per share (2022: HKD0), at a cash
               consideration of none (2022: Nil).


               The number of outstanding share options granted as at 31 December 2023 for each tranche of the Share Option Scheme is
               as follows:


                                                                                                            2023                    2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000
               Share Option Scheme I                                                                   37,700,000             56,200,000
               Share Option Scheme II                                                                  27,800,000             33,980,000
               Share Option Scheme III                                                                 10,647,600             11,690,600
               Share Option Scheme IV                                                                  59,251,250             63,081,250
               Share Option Scheme V                                                                      350,000                450,000
               Share Option Scheme VI                                                                  13,752,500             15,820,000
               Share Option Scheme VII                                                                     90,000                 90,000
               Share Option Scheme VIII                                                                32,107,500             35,795,000
               Share Option Scheme IX                                                                     300,000                712,500
               Share Option Scheme X                                                                   52,537,500             57,007,500
               Share Option Scheme XI                                                                      90,000                 90,000
               Share Option Scheme XII                                                                 67,900,000                      –
               Share Option Scheme XIII                                                                   190,000                      –


               At 31 December                                                                         302,716,350            274,916,850


       (c)     Equity-settled share-based payment of principal subsidiaries of the
               Group
               HENLIUS
               As at 14 April 2018, the second extraordinary general meeting of Henlius, a subsidiary of the Fosun Pharma, passed a
               share incentive scheme and granted 22,750,000 restricted shares to eligible participants at an exercise price of RMB9.21
               per share. As at 10 December 2020, Henlius passed a share incentive scheme and granted 2,780,700 restricted shares
               to eligible participants at a price of RMB9.21 per share. As at 7 April 2021, at 13 July 2021, and at 30 November 2021,
               Henlius granted 531,050 restricted shares to eligible participants at an exercise price of RMB9.21 per share. The 531,050
               ordinary shares are derived from the forfeited shares at the time of the resignation of the participants in the 2018 and 2020
               Share Award Schemes. On 28 February 2022, pursuant to the 2020 Share Award Scheme, 42,000 ordinary shares of the
               Company were granted to a eligible participant at an exercise price of RMB9.21 per share. All the 42,000 ordinary shares
               are derived from the forfeited shares at the time of the resignation of the participants in the 2020 Share Award Schemes.
               Henlius has recognised an amount of RMB2,627,000 as related expenses during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022:
               RMB13,221,000).




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
304   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (c)   Equity-settled share-based payment of principal subsidiaries of the
         Group (Continued)
         SISRAM MEDICAL LIMITED
         As at 30 November 2021, at 2 December 2021, Sisram Medical Limited, a subsidiary of the Fosun Pharma, granted
         4,699,550 restricted shares to eligible participants. Sisram has recognised an amount of RMB3,469,000 as expenses for the
         year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB21,257,000).


         SHANGHAI FOSUN HEALTH TECHNOLOGY (GROUP) CO., LTD.
         On June 1, 2022, Shanghai Fosun Health Technology (Group) Co., Ltd. (“Fosun Health”), a subsidiary of the Fosun Pharma,
         whose equity incentive scheme was approved by the shareholders of Fosun Health at Fosun Pharma’s the 2022 first class
         meeting of A shareholders and the 2022 first class meeting of H shareholders. Pursuant to the Fosun Health equity incentive
         scheme, 43,590,000 restricted shares and 146,919,000 stock options were granted to incentives at a grant price of RMB1
         per share and an exercise price of RMB1 yuan per option. Fosun Health recognised an amount of RMB19,223,000 as related
         expenses for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB17,233,000).


         FOSUN TOURISM GROUP (“FTG”)
         FTG, a subsidiary of the Group, has granted certain share options during previous years. The fair value of the share options
         granted was RMB184,620,000 (RMB3.47 to RMB4.59 each), based on different vesting periods, of which the Group
         recognised a share option expense of RMB1,999,000 during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB4,129,000).


         On 28 August 2020, pursuant to the 2019 free share ownership plan, share units for 2,720,889 ordinary shares of the
         Company, were granted to eligible participants with vesting periods from one to four years. The aggregate fair value of the
         free shares granted amounted to approximately RMB22,774,000. FTG has recognised an expense of RMB855,000 during
         the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB2,574,000).


         On 28 August 2020, pursuant to the 2019 share option plan, 4,979,000 share options were granted to eligible participants
         with vesting periods from one to four years. The fair value of the share options granted was RMB8,601,000 (RMB1.61 to
         RMB1.84 each), based on different vesting periods, of which the Group recognised a share option expense of RMB385,000
         during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB461,000).


         On 20 August 2021, pursuant to the 2019 free share ownership plan, share units for 3,146,000 ordinary shares of the
         Company, were granted to eligible participants with vesting periods from one to four years. The aggregate fair value of
         the free shares granted during the year amounted to approximately RMB23,569,000. FTG has recognised an expense of
         RMB3,506,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB9,117,000).




                                                                                                    FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                  305
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




58. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
       (c)     Equity-settled share-based payment of principal subsidiaries of the
               Group (Continued)
               FOSUN TOURISM GROUP (“FTG”) (Continued)
               On 20 August 2021, pursuant to the 2019 share option plan, 6,233,000 share options were granted to eligible
               participants with vesting periods from one to four years. The fair value of the share options granted during the year was
               RMB11,636,000 (RMB1.72 to RMB2.01 each), based on different vesting periods, of which the Group recognised a share
               option expense of RMB601,000 during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB3,610,000).


               On 28 April 2022, pursuant to the 2019 share option plan, 3,083,000 share options were granted to eligible
               participants with vesting periods from one to four years. The fair value of the share options granted during the year
               was RMB27,024,000, based on different vesting periods, of which the Group recognised a share option expense of
               RMB6,921,000 during the year ended 31 December 2023(2022: RMB8,892,000).


               On 28 April 2022, pursuant to the 2019 share option plan, 5,654,000 share options were granted to eligible participants
               with vesting periods from one to four years.


               The fair value of the share options granted during the year was RMB16,384,000(RMB2.70 to RMB3.09 each), based on
               different vesting periods, of which the Group recognised a share option expense of RMB3,199,000 during the year ended
               31 December 2023(2022: RMB4,632,000).


               On 18 January 2023, pursuant to the 2019 Share Option Plan, 7,246,000 share options were granted to eligible
               participants with vesting periods from one to four years. The fair value of the share options granted during the year was
               RMB26,455,000 (RMB3.41 to RMB3.88 each), based on different vesting periods, of which the Group recognised a share
               option expense of RMB9,705,000 during the year ended 31 December 2023.


               On 18 January 2023, pursuant to the 2019 Free Share Ownership Plan, share units for 4,850,000 ordinary shares of the
               Company, were granted to eligible participants with vesting periods from one to four years.The aggregate fair value of the
               free shares granted during the year amounted to approximately RMB49,047,000. The Group has recognised an expense of
               RMB22,146,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023.


               YUYUAN
               Pursuant to the restricted share incentive schemes and share incentive schemes of Yuyuan, share units for 62,880,676
               restricted share and share option of Yuyuan were granted to eligible participants with vesting periods from one to five
               years. The aggregate fair value of the free shares granted was amounted to approximately RMB256,614,000. The group has
               recognised an expense of RMB23,925,000 during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB27,078,000).


               HAINAN MINING
               Pursuant to the restricted share incentive schemes and share incentive schemes of Hainan Mining in 2023, restricted share
               and share option were granted to eligible participants with vesting periods less than four years. The group has recognised
               an expense of RMB18,073,000 during the year ended 31 December 2023.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
306   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2023




59. COMMITMENTS
   (a) The Group had the following contractual commitments at the end of
       the reporting period:
                                                                                                                       2023                       2022
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                    RMB’000
            Contracted, but not provided for:
              Plant and machinery                                                                                  2,874,389                  4,078,905
              Properties under development                                                                         3,295,154                  3,316,319
              Investments                                                                                          4,230,115                  5,889,963
              Oil and gas assets                                                                                         708                     55,020


            Total                                                                                                10,400,366                 13,340,207


            In addition, the Group had the following commitments provided to joint
               ventures (including the Group’s share of commitments made jointly with
              other joint venturers), which are not included in the above, is as follows:

            Contracted but not provided for:
              Properties under development                                                                         2,176,098                  3,696,787


            Total                                                                                                  2,176,098                  3,696,787


   (b)      The Group has various lease contracts that have not yet commenced as at 31 December 2023. The future lease payments
            for these non-cancellable lease contracts are RMB7,100,000 due within one year, RMB17,367,000 due in the second to
            fifth years, inclusive and RMB9,558,000 due after five years.


60. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   The Group had the following contingent liabilities at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                           Notes                       2023                       2022
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                    RMB’000
   Principal amount of the guaranteed bank loans and corporate bonds of:
      Related parties                                                                                              1,780,500                  1,536,034
      Third parties                                                                                                  338,164                    317,893
   Qualified buyers’ mortgage loans                                                          (1)                   5,970,909                  7,409,793


                                                                                                                   8,089,573                  9,263,720

   Notes:

   (1)      As at 31 December 2023, the Group provided guarantees of approximately RMB5,970,909,000 (31 December 2022: RMB7,409,793,000) in
            favour of their customers in respect of mortgage loans provided by banks to these customers for their purchases of the Group’s developed
            properties where the underlying real estate certificates can only be provided to the banks in a time delayed manner due to administrative
            procedures in the PRC. These guarantees provided by the Group will be released when the customers pledge their real estate certificates as
            security to the banks for the mortgage loans granted by the banks.

            The directors consider that in the case of default in payments, the net realisable value of the related properties can cover the outstanding
            principal together with the accrued interest and penalties, and therefore, no provision has been made in the financial statements for the
            guarantees.

   (2)      Owing to the nature of the insurance business, the insurance segment of the Group is involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of
            its activities, including being the plaintiff or the defendant in litigation and arbitration proceedings. Most of such legal proceedings involve
            claims concerning insurance policies, which are already provisioned, and some additional losses arising therefrom will be indemnified either
            by reinsurers or by other recoveries, like salvages. Although the outcomes of such contingencies, lawsuits or other proceedings cannot be
            determined at present, the Group believes that any resulting liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or
            operating results.

                                                                                                                      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                      307
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




61. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
       The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (Where certain related party transactions
       are detailed elsewhere in the financial statements) ln addition to the transactions detailed in note 21, note 29, note 56 and note 60
       to the financial statements, the Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:


                                                                                                                     2023           2022
       Name of related parties                                              Nature of transactions                RMB’000        RMB’000
       Sales of goods
       Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)                              Sales of pharmaceutical products     6,431,227      5,720,121
       C.Q. Pharmaceutical Holding Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 7)                   Sales of pharmaceutical products     1,022,760        856,137
       Sichuan Tuopai Shede Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)                   Sales of other products                 32,457        217,842
       Nanjing Iron & Steel Group International Economic and Trade          Sales of iron ore and powdered
          Co. LTD (Notes 13 & 7)                                              iron                                   26,114             –
       Hainan Lvfeng Resources Development Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)          Sales of waste rubble                    17,683           392
       Ningbo Jinchen Nanjing Iron & Steel Technology Development           Sales of iron ore and powdered
          Co. Ltd (Notes 13 & 7)                                              iron                                   13,395             –
       Shanghai Lingjian Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)     Sales of pharmaceutical products          4,129         7,310
       Beijing Jinxiang Fosun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)        Sales of pharmaceutical products          2,715        15,214
       Jinfukang Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 7)                Sales of pharmaceutical products          2,390         4,425
       Jinhui Liquor Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)                                Sales of other products                   1,212             –
       Riviera Songhelou (Shanghai) Catering Management
          Co., Limited (Notes 2 & 7)                                        Sales of other products                     326           409
       Hainan Haigang Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 3 & 7)                         Sales of electricity                        295           339
       Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.
          (Notes 2 & 7)                                                     Sales of pharmaceutical products             31         2,894
       Beijing Time Network Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 7)                          Sales of other products                       –        18,386
       Suzhou Fujian Xingyi LLP (Notes 2 & 7)                               Sales of pharmaceutical products              –        10,710
       Kunming Forte Real Estate Development Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 7)         Sales of other products                       –         8,173
       Zhuhai Fuyue Industrial Development Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 7)           Sales of other products                       –         4,632
       Jin Hui Jiu (Xinjiang) marketing Co. Ltd. (Notes 12 & 7)             Sales of other products                       –         2,653
       Hangzhou Fuyu Real Estate Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 7)                     Sales of other products                       –         2,073
       New Frontier Health Corporation (Notes 2 & 7)                        Sales of pharmaceutical products              –           286
       Nanjing Nangang Iron & Steel United Co., Ltd. (Notes 13 & 7)         Sales of other products                       –           265
       Tianjin Forte Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)        Sales of other products                       –           180


       Total sales of goods                                                                                      7,554,734      6,872,441




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
308   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




61. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (Continued)

                                                                                                                   2023           2022
   Name of related parties                                      Nature of transactions                          RMB’000        RMB’000
   Purchases of goods
   Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)                      Purchases of pharmaceutical products             360,788        361,165
   C.Q. Pharmaceutical Holding Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 7)           Purchases of pharmaceutical products             182,455        113,709
   Hainan Lvfeng Resources Development Co., Ltd.                Purchases of lump ore
      (Notes 2 & 7)                                                                                                23,069              –
   Sichuan Tuopai Shede Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)           Purchases of alcohol                               19,975         32,742
   Dongguan Xingyu Jewelry Industrial Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)   Purchases of jewellery                             12,395         20,242
   Hainan Haigang Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 3 & 7)                 Purchases of rich ore sand and lean ore            11,327         31,479
   Hangzhou Youpeng Network Technology Co., Ltd.                Purchases of jewellery
      (Notes 2 & 7)                                                                                                 7,298         12,501
   Saladax Biomedical, Inc. (Notes 2 & 7)                       Purchases of pharmaceutical products                6,638          3,276
   Shanghai Shihao Industry & Trade Technology Co., Ltd.        Purchases of accessories
      (Notes 2 & 7)                                                                                                 4,521          5,475
   Shanghai Xingzhen Furniture Co. Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)           Purchases of construction materials                 3,307              –
   Shanghai Hengbao Horologe (Notes 2 & 7)                      Purchases of accessories                            1,460          3,664
   Shanghai Shishang Industry & Trade Technology Co., Ltd.      Purchases of accessories
      (Notes 2 & 7)                                                                                                 1,266          3,971
   Anhui Sunhere Pharmaceuticals Excipients Co., Ltd.           Purchases of pharmaceutical products
      (Notes 2 & 7)                                                                                                 1,107          3,864
   Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)             Purchases of pharmaceutical products                1,030              –
   Jinhui Liquor Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)                        Purchases of alcohol                                  951              –
   Sichuan Tuopai Shede Marketing Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)       Purchases of commodities                              600              –
   SINNOWA Medical Science &Technology Co., Ltd.                Purchases of pharmaceutical products
      (Notes 2 & 7)                                                                                                   563              581
   Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. (Notes 13 & 7)                Purchases of steel products                           429              226
   Fosun United Health Insurance Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 7)        Purchases of insurance products                       405               99
   Jiangsu Nangang Xinyang Supply Chain Co., Ltd                Purchases of trade mines products
      (Notes 13 & 7)                                                                                                  391          1,509
   Beijing Zhongyan Dadi Technology Co., Ltd. (Notes 12 & 7)    Purchases of construction materials                     –         14,690


   Total purchases of goods                                                                                      639,975        609,193




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       309
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




61. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (Continued)

                                                                                                                    2023      2022
       Name of related parties                                         Nature of transactions                    RMB’000   RMB’000
       Service income
       Zhuhai Fuyue Industrial Development Co., Ltd                    Consulting services provided to the
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   related company                          93,064     3,873
       Shanghai Dijie Real Estate Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)              Other services provided to the related
                                                                         company                                  35,067    33,558
       Shanghai Yuyun Industrial Development Co., Ltd                  Consulting services provided to the
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   related company                          21,534         –
       Suzhou Fujian Xingyi LLP (Notes 2 & 8)                          Medical related services provided to
                                                                         the related company                      20,729         –
       Fosun United Health Insurance Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 8)            Reinsurance services provided to the
                                                                         related company                          12,806    22,458
       Wuhan Fosun Hanzheng Street Property Development                Property management services
         Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)                                         provided to the related company          10,758     8,630
       Fosun United Health Insurance Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)           Medical related services provided to
                                                                         the related company                       8,188         –
       Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)          Travel services provided to the related
                                                                         company                                   8,032         –
       Tianjin Fosun Haihe medical and health industry                 Medical related services provided to
         fund partnership (Limited Partnership) (Notes 2 & 8)            the related company                       6,763     4,928
       Changsha Fuyu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                 Other services provided to the related
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   company                                   6,510    12,797
       Zhuhai Fuyue Industrial Development Co., Ltd                    Other services provided to the related
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   company                                   5,992         –
       Tianjin Forte Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                 Other services provided to the related
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   company                                   5,919     8,867
       Wuhan Fosun Hanzheng Street Property Development                Other services provided to the related
         Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)                                         company                                   5,665     4,767
       Changsha Fuyu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                 Property management services
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   provided to the related company           5,142     2,750
       Kunming Forte Real Estate Development Co., Ltd                  Other services provided to the related
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   company                                   4,957         –
       Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)                Medical related services provided to
                                                                         the related company                       4,950     6,697
       Sichuan Tuopai Shede Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)              Other services provided to the related
                                                                         company                                   4,080         –
       Nanjing Nangang Iron & Steel United Co., Ltd.                   Property management services
         (Notes 13 & 8)                                                  provided to the related company           3,367     4,639
       Tianjin Forte Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                 Property management services
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   provided to the related company           3,550     5,126




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
310   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




61. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (Continued)


                                                                                                                   2023           2022
   Name of related parties                                          Nature of transactions                      RMB’000        RMB’000
   Service income (Continued)
   Zhuhai Fuyue Industrial Development Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 8)      Property management services
                                                                     provided to the related company                3,148          3,398
   Sichuan Tuopai Shede Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)              Property management services
                                                                     provided to the related company                3,105          1,781
   Huaihai Hospital Management (Xuzhou) Co., Ltd.                  Medical related services provided to
     (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   the related company                            2,901                –
   Chongqing Langfu Real Estate Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)            Property management services
                                                                     provided to the related company                2,674          4,895
   Sichuan Tuopai Shede Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)              Consulting services provided to the
                                                                     related company                                2,473          1,732
   Sichuan Tuopai Shede Marketing Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)          Travel services provided to the related
                                                                     company                                        2,280                –
   Yongan Property Insurance Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 8)                Reinsurance services provided to the
                                                                     related company                                1,926         23,619
   Hangzhou Fuyu Real Estate Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 8)                Other services provided to the related
                                                                     company                                        1,886                –
   Kunming Forte Real Estate Development Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 8) Property management services
                                                                     provided to the related company                1,368          5,475
   Shanghai Yaokang Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.            Medical related services provided to
      (Notes 2 & 8)                                                  the related company                            1,306              123
   Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. Medical related services provided to
     (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   the related company                            1,264          2,452
   Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)                         Medical related services provided to
                                                                     the related company                              933                –
   Hainan Lvfeng Resources Development Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8) Other services provided to the related
                                                                     company                                          845                –
   Kunming Forte Real Estate Development Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 8) Consulting services provided to the
                                                                     related company                                  744         22,520
   Hangzhou Fuyu Real Estate Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 8)                Property management services
                                                                     provided to the related company                  369          1,555
   Hainan Tianhan Technology Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 8)                Other services provided to the related
                                                                     company                                          348                –
   Shanghai Dijie Real Estate Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)              Property management services
                                                                     provided to the related company                  201          3,720
   Shenzhen Yunshangxing Technology Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)        Consulting services provided to the
                                                                     related company                                  164                –
   Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)          Reinsurance services provided to the
                                                                     related company                                   91                –
   Tongde Equity Investment and Management (Shanghai)              Medical related services provided to
     Co. Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)                                          the related company                               60              122




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       311
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




61. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (Continued)


                                                                                                                   2023      2022
       Name of related parties                                         Nature of transactions                   RMB’000   RMB’000
       Service income (Continued)
       Shenzhen Yunshangxing Technology Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)        Property management services
                                                                         provided to the related company              6       128
       Xi’an Fuyu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 8)       Consulting services provided to the
                                                                         related company                              –     4,211
       Tianjin Forte Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)   Consulting services provided to the
                                                                         related company                              –     4,176
       Dongyang Fuhong Technology Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 8)               Consulting services provided to the
                                                                         related company                              –     3,538
       Beijing Yuquan Xincheng Real Estate Development Co., Ltd        Other services provided to the related
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   company                                      –     3,028
       Hangzhou Fuyu Real Estate Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 8)                Consulting services provided to the
                                                                         related company                              –     1,640
       Nanjing Xinzhi Chain Technology Information Co., Ltd.           Other services provided to the related
         (Notes 13 & 8)                                                  company                                      –     1,013
       Hangzhou Youpeng Network Technology Co., Ltd.                   Consulting services provided to the
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   related company                              –       943
       Hainan Lvfeng Resources Development Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)     Other services provided to the related
                                                                         company                                      –       906
       Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. (Notes 13 & 8)                   Consulting services provided to the
                                                                         related company                              –       769
       Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)          Other services provided to the related
                                                                         company                                      –       555
       Hainan Shilu Iron Mine Park Development Co., Ltd.               Other services provided to the related
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   company                                      –       492
       Haijian Changjiang Construction Engineering Co., Ltd.           Other services provided to the related
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                   company                                      –       236
       Hainan Haigang Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 3 & 8)                    Other services provided to the related
                                                                         company                                      –        18


       Total service income                                                                                     295,165   212,135




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
312   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




61. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (Continued)

                                                                                                                   2023           2022
   Name of related parties                                         Nature of transactions                       RMB’000        RMB’000
   Interest income
   Wuhan Fosun Hanzheng Street Property Development                Interest income
     Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 10)                                                                                    220,619        213,104
   Banco Comercial Portugues, S.A. (Notes 2 & 10)                  Interest income                                62,431         45,221
   Acacias Property S.à.r.l (Notes 2 & 10)                         Interest income                                31,924         28,261
   Changsha Fuyu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                 Interest income
     (Notes 2 & 10)                                                                                                 9,734         15,806
   Zhejiang Dongyang China Woodcarving City Investment             Interest income
     and Development Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 10)                                                                       9,513         11,482
   Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 10)               Interest income                                  7,614          7,961
   FPH Europe Holdings III (HK) Limited (Notes 2 & 10)             Interest income                                  3,584          5,808
   Tianjin EV Energies Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 10)                    Interest income                                    897              –
   Fosun Fashion Group (Cayman) Limited (Notes 11 & 10)            Interest income                                      –         59,144
   HCo Lux S.à r.l. (Notes 11 & 10)                                Interest income                                      –         21,602
   Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. (Notes 13 & 10)                  Interest income                                      –            733
   Nature’s Sunshine (Far East) Limited (Notes 2 & 10)             Interest income                                      –             15


   Total interest income                                                                                         346,315        409,137


   Rental income
   Suzhou Fujian Xingyi LLP (Notes 2 & 8)                          Operating lease to related parties              14,498                –
   Dongyang Xingkai Commercial operation management                Operating lease to related parties
     Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)                                                                                        9,286              –
   Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)                Operating lease to related parties               8,441          7,756
   Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)          Operating lease to related parties               4,735          5,166
   Tongde Equity Investment and Management (Shanghai)              Operating lease to related parties
     Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)                                                                                          970              863
   Beijing Xingyuan Innovation Equity Investment Fund              Operating lease to related parties
     Management Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)                                                                               359          1,489
   Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai)          Operating lease to related parties
     Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)                                                                                          256            228
   Sichuan Tuopai Shede Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)              Operating lease to related parties                   –          2,470
   Suzhou Kentucky Fried Chicken Co., Ltd. (Notes 12 & 8)          Operating lease to related parties                   –          1,318
   Wuhan Xingyu Zhongchuang Space Management                       Operating lease to related parties
     Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)                                                                                             –             255
   Zhuhai Fuyue Industrial Development Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 8)      Operating lease to related parties                    –              37
   New Frontier Health Corporation (Notes 2 & 8)                   Operating lease to related parties                    –              13


   Total rental income                                                                                             38,545         19,595




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       313
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




61. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (Continued)

                                                                                                                  2023      2022
       Name of related parties                                           Nature of transactions                RMB’000   RMB’000
       Rental expense
       Shanghai Dijie Real Estate Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 8)                Operating lease provided by related
                                                                          parties                                2,424     2,197
       Wuhan Fosun Hanzheng Street Property Development Co., Ltd.        Operating lease provided by related
         (Notes 2 & 8)                                                    parties                                   84        38
       Shanghai Fosun Bund Commercial Co., Ltd. (Notes 11 & 8)           Operating lease provided by related
                                                                          parties                                    –     4,215


       Total rental expense                                                                                      2,508     6,450


       Interest paid for deposits from related parties
       Taizhou Hangshaotai High-speed Railway Investment                 Interest paid for deposits
         Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (Notes 2 & 5)                                             18,739    12,611
       Shanghai Hongkou Guangxin Microcredit Co., Ltd.                   Interest paid for deposits
         (Notes 2 & 5)                                                                                           3,543     3,477
       Tianjin EV Energies Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 5)                       Interest paid for deposits                499     4,195
       Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 5)                  Interest paid for deposits                290         –
       Dongyang Xingkai commercial operation management                  Interest paid for deposits
         Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 5)                                                                                    13       157
       Nanjing Iron & Steel United Co., Ltd. (Notes 13 & 5)              Interest paid for deposits                  –     9,055
       Nanjing Nangang Iron & Steel United Co., Ltd. (Notes 13 & 5)      Interest paid for deposits                  –       224
       Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. (Notes 13 & 5)                     Interest paid for deposits                  –       142


       Total interest paid for deposits from related parties                                                    23,084    29,861


       Interest paid for loans from related parties
       Beijing Sanyuan Foods Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 10)                    Interest paid for loans                79,227    33,358
       Nanjing Nangang Iron & Steel United Co., Ltd. (Notes 13 & 10)     Interest paid for loans                     –    24,370


       Total interest paid for loans from related parties                                                       79,227    57,728




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
314   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




61. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (Continued)

                                                                                                                   2023           2022
   Name of related parties                                      Nature of transactions                          RMB’000        RMB’000
   Other expenses
   Hainan Tianhan Technology Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 9)             Other service expenses from the related
                                                                  company                                          11,447          8,053
   Fosun United Health Insurance Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 9)        Other service expenses from the related
                                                                  company                                          10,696         24,335
   Tongde Equity Investment and Management                      Other service expenses from the related
      (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 9)                          company                                           9,900         10,398
   Jiangsu Jinheng Information Technology Co., Ltd              Other service expenses from the related
      (Notes 13 & 9)                                              company                                           5,009         15,952
   Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 9)                      Other service expenses from the related
                                                                  company                                           4,270                –
   Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 9)             Other service expenses from the related
                                                                  company                                           2,302              416
   Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology                  Other service expenses from the related
     (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 9)                           company                                           1,753              497
   C.Q. Pharmaceutical Holding Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 9)           Other service expenses from the related
                                                                  company                                             906         11,649
   Shanghai Dijie Real Estate Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 9)           Other service expenses from the related
                                                                  company                                             204              193
   Huaihai Hospital Management (Xuzhou) Co., Ltd.               Other service expenses from the related
     (Notes 2 & 9)                                                company                                             156              298
   Hainan Lvfeng Resources Development Co., Ltd.                Other service expenses from the related
     (Notes 2 & 9)                                                company                                              95               63
   Shanghai Lingjian Information Technology Co., Ltd.           Other service expenses from the related
     (Notes 2 & 9)                                                company                                              33                –
   Beijing Jinxiang Fosun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.              Other service expenses from the related
     (Notes 2 & 9)                                                company                                              30                –
   Fosun Nanfeng (Shenzhen) Medical Technology                  Other service expenses from the related
     Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 9)                                      company                                                –         8,892
   Hainan Haigang Group Co., Ltd. (Notes 3 & 9)                 Other service expenses from the related
                                                                  company                                                –              43


   Total other expenses from related parties                                                                       46,801         80,789




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       315
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




61. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (Continued)

                                                                                                                2023          2022
       Name of related parties                                     Nature of transactions                    RMB’000       RMB’000
       Increase of deposits from related companies
       Tianjin EV Energies Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 5)                 Increase of deposits from the related
                                                                     company                                 2,528,206    3,542,980
       Shanghai Hongkou Guangxin Microcredit Co., Ltd.             Increase of deposits from the related
         (Notes 2 & 5)                                               company                                  751,244      768,460
       Taizhou Hangshaotai High-speed Railway Investment           Increase of deposits from the related
         Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)                company
         (Notes 2 & 5)                                                                                        743,735     2,438,368
       Dongyang Xingkai commercial operation management            Increase of deposits from the related
         Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 5)                                     company                                  112,210      251,665
       Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 5)            Increase of deposits from the related
                                                                     company                                   95,288             –
       Tianjin Forte Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.             Increase of deposits from the related
         (Notes 2 & 5)                                               company                                   75,650         5,871
       Hefei Genesys Microelectronics Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 5)      Increase of deposits from the related
                                                                     company                                   73,747         8,006
       Zhejiang Dongyang China Woodcarving City Investment         Increase of deposits from the related
         and Development Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 5)                     company                                   58,203       35,924
       Shanghai Qinmiao Technology Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 5)         Increase of deposits from the related
                                                                     company                                      200           15
       Wuhan Fosun Hanzheng Street Property                        Increase of deposits from the related
         Development Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 5)                         company                                        4         1,916
       Nanjing Iron & Steel United Co., Ltd. (Notes 13 & 5)        Increase of deposits from the related
                                                                     company                                         –    3,437,151
       Nanjing Nangang Iron & Steel United Co., Ltd.               Increase of deposits from the related
         (Notes 13 & 5)                                              company                                         –    1,232,809
       Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. (Notes 13 & 5)               Increase of deposits from the related
                                                                     company                                         –     638,544


       Total increase of deposits from related companies                                                     4,438,487   12,361,709


       Guarantees of bank loans and corporate bonds
       Wuhan Fosun Hanzheng Street Property Development            Bank loans guaranteed by the related
         Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 4)                                     company                                  800,000             –
       Wuhan Fosun Hanzheng Street Property Development Co.,       Bank loans guarantee to the related
         Ltd. (Notes 2 & 4)                                          company                                  675,000             –
       Tianjin EV Energies Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 4)                 Bank loans guarantee to the related
                                                                     company                                  630,000      783,110
       Hangzhou Fuyu Real Estate Co., Ltd (Notes 2 & 4)            Bank loans guarantee to the related
                                                                     company                                  461,331      462,580
       Fosun International Holdings Ltd. (Notes 1, 6 & 4)          Bank loans guaranteed by the related
                                                                     company                                  289,984      383,053
       Holiday Hotel AG (Notes 2 & 4)                              Bank loans guarantee to the related
                                                                     company                                   14,169       12,585
       Changsha Fuyu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.             Bank loans guarantee to the related
         (Notes 2 & 4)                                               company                                         –     158,100
       Kunming Forte Real Estate Development Co., Ltd              Bank loans guarantee to the related
         (Notes 2 & 4)                                               company                                         –      62,249
       Zhuhai Fuyue Industrial Development Co., Ltd                Bank loans guarantee to the related
         (Notes 2 & 4)                                               company                                         –      57,410


       Total Guarantees of bank loans and corporate bonds                                                    2,870,484    1,919,087


      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
316   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2023




61. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (Continued)

                                                                                                                   2023           2022
   Name of related parties                                     Nature of transactions                           RMB’000        RMB’000


   Increase of loans to related companies
   Wuhan Fosun Hanzheng Street Property Development            Increase of loans provided to the related
     Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 10)                                    company                                         771,048        811,540
   Changsha Fuyu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.             Increase of loans provided to the related
     (Notes 2 & 10)                                              company                                         143,205           4,772
   Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 10)           Increase of loans provided to the related
                                                                 company                                           75,604       121,139
   Tianjin EV Energies Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 10)                Increase of loans provided to the related
                                                                 company                                           49,816               –
   Shanghai Fuyi Industrial Development Co., Ltd               Increase of loans provided to the related
     (Notes 2 & 10)                                              company                                           36,500     1,464,592
   Hefei Genesys Microelectronics Co., Ltd. (Notes 2 & 10)     Increase of loans provided to the related
                                                                 company                                            8,540               –
   Jiangsu Golden Trade Steel Treasure E-Commerce Co. Ltd.     Increase of loans provided to the related
      (Notes 13 & 10)                                            company                                                 –        30,000


   Total increase of loans to related companies                                                                1,084,750      2,432,043


   Increase of loans provided from related companies
   Xi’an Fuyu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd                 Increase of loans provided from the
     (Notes 2 & 10)                                              related company                                 228,440                –
   CMVT Ltd. (Notes 2 & 10)                                    Increase of loans provided from the
                                                                 related company                                    9,264               –
   Nanjing Nangang Iron & Steel United Co., Ltd.               Increase of loans provided from the
     (Notes 13 & 10)                                             related company                                         –    1,800,000


   Total increase of loans provided from related companies                                                       237,704      1,800,000


   Purchase of right-of-use assets
   Holiday Hotel AG (Notes 2 & 7)                              Rental services provided by the related
                                                                 company                                           42,589               –


   Total purchase of right-of-use assets                                                                           42,589               –




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       317
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




61. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       Notes:


       (1)      Fosun International Holdings Ltd. is the ultimate holding company of the Group. Fosun Holdings Limited is the holding company of the
                Group.


       (2)      They are associates, joint ventures and other related companies of the Group.


       (3)      They are non-controlling shareholders of the subsidiaries of the Group.


       (4)      The bank loans were guaranteed by the related companies free of charge. The guarantees were given by the Group for bank loans of the
                related companies free of charge.

       (5)      Interest paid for deposits from related parties represents interest paid for deposits placed by related parties in Finance Company, a subsidiary
                of the Group. The deposits from related parties carry interest which are determined in accordance with the benchmark deposit interest rate
                of PBOC and the prevailing market deposit interest rate. The deposits will be repaid upon demand of the related parties.

       (6)      These transactions constituted connected transactions or continuing connected transactions of the Group under Chapter 14A of the Listing
                Rules. They are exempted from the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

       (7)      The directors consider that the sales and purchases were undertaken on commercial terms similar to those offered to/by unrelated customers/
                suppliers in the ordinary course of business of the relevant companies.

       (8)      The directors consider that the income for services provided to related companies were determined based on prices available to third party
                customers.

       (9)      The directors consider that the fees for services provided by the related companies were determined based on prices charged to third parties
                by related companies.

       (10)     The loans provided by/to the related companies are unsecured. The directors consider that the applicable interest rates are determined in
                accordance with the prevailing market borrowing rates.

       (11)     They were former associates or joint ventures, but became subsidiaries of the Group in 2022.

       (12)     They were no longer an associate or joint venture of the Group in 2022.

       (13)     They were no longer an associate or joint venture of the Group in 2023.


       (14)     Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:


                                                                                                                            2023                       2022
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                    RMB’000
                Short-term employee benefits                                                                              166,974                    176,622
                Equity-settled share award/option scheme expenses                                                          72,555                     93,365
                Pension scheme contributions                                                                                  469                        465


                Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                                       239,998                    270,452




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
318   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2023




62. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
  The carrying amounts of each of the categories of the Group’s financial instruments as at the end of each reporting period are as
  follows:

  2023
  FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                                                                                                                           Financial assets at
                                                                                                                                       fair value through other
                                                                  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                                                                    Hedging
                                                                                                                                                                                instruments
                                                                                                            Hedging Associates                                                   designated
                                                                Designated                              instruments measured                                        Financial        in cash
                                                                    as such                              designated at fair value                                   assets at      flow/net
                                                                upon initial      Other        Held for in fair value   through           Debt      Equity         amortised     investment
                                                                recognition investments*        trading      hedges profit or loss investments investments               cost        hedges        Total
                                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
  Cash and bank balances                                                   –            –              –              –            –            –            –    92,459,644              –     92,459,644
  Reverse repurchase agreements                                            –            –              –              –            –            –            –     6,844,927              –      6,844,927
  Loans and advances to customers                                          –            –              –              –            –            –            –    16,097,595              –     16,097,595
  Trade and notes receivables                                              –            –              –              –            –            –            –    14,414,166              –     14,414,166
  Due from related companies                                               –            –              –              –            –            –            –    18,015,068              –     18,015,068
  Financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and
    other assets                                                           –            –              –              –            –            –            –    20,798,462              –     20,798,462
  Placements with and loans to banks and other financial
    institutions                                                           –            –             –               –            –            –            –       473,054              –        473,054
  Derivative financial instruments                                         –            –     3,377,808          62,202            –            –            –             –        175,666      3,615,676
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    –   38,872,265    14,068,921               –            –            –            –             –              –     52,941,186
  Finance lease receivables                                                –            –             –               –            –            –            –       699,545              –        699,545
  Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
     income                                                                –            –              –              –            –   72,473,645            –             –               –    72,473,645
  Debt investments at amortised cost                                       –            –              –              –            –            –            –    29,400,296               –    29,400,296
  Policyholder account assets in respect of unit-linked contracts 28,143,522            –              –              –            –            –            –     1,299,248               –    29,442,770
  Equity investments designated at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                             –            –              –              –            –            –    2,696,542             –              –      2,696,542
  Associates measured at fair value through profit or loss                 –            –              –              –   11,247,515            –            –             –              –     11,247,515


  Total                                                         28,143,522     38,872,265    17,446,729          62,202   11,247,515   72,473,645   72,473,645 200,502,005          175,666    371,620,091

  *           Other investments include i) financial assets whose contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest; ii) investments
              which have not been irrevocably designated as equity investments at FVOCI; and iii) investments which have not been managed within the
              business model of only holding to collect contractual cash flows or both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets.




                                                                                                                                                          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                    319
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




62. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)
       The carrying amounts of each of the categories of the Group’s financial instruments as at the end of each reporting period are as
       follows: (Continued)

       2023 (Continued)
       FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
                                                                                  Financial liabilities at fair value
                                                                                       through profit or loss
                                                                                                                                             Hedging
                                                                                                                                         instruments
                                                                                    Designated                                         designated in
                                                                                        as such                          Financial     cash flow/net
                                                                                    upon initial               Held   liabilities at      investment
                                                                                    recognition         for trading amortised cost            hedges       Total
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000
       Deposits from customers                                                                –                  –       82,216,087               –     82,216,087
       Assets sold under agreements to repurchase                                             –                  –          188,063               –        188,063
       Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                  –                  –          990,853               –        990,853
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                             –          6,697,408                –               –      6,697,408
       Trade and notes payables                                                               –                  –       26,407,670               –     26,407,670
       Due to banks and other financial institutions                                          –                  –        1,103,458               –      1,103,458
       Derivative financial instruments                                                       –          3,919,817                –         119,692      4,039,509
       Financial liabilities included in accrued liabilities and other payables      3,385,474*                  –       55,855,257               –     59,240,731
       Due to related companies and the holding company                                       –                  –        1,033,908               –      1,033,908
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                             –                  –      211,923,910               –    211,923,910
       Investment contract liabilities                                                        –                  –       37,583,333               –     37,583,333
       Financial liabilities for unit-linked contracts                               28,143,522                  –        1,299,248               –     29,442,770


       Total                                                                         31,528,996         10,617,225      418,601,787         119,692    460,867,700

       *         The amount includes the share redemption option granted to non-controlling shareholders of several subsidiaries, of which the fair value
                 change is recognised in reserves due to the nature of the equity transaction with the non-controlling shareholders of the subsidiaries of the
                 Group.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
320   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2023




62. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)
   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of the Group’s financial instruments as at the end of each reporting period are as
   follows: (Continued)

   2022 (restated)
   FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                                                                                                                                        Financial assets at
                                                                                                                                                    fair value through other
                                                                         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                       comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Hedging
                                                                                                                                                                                              instruments
                                                                                                                         Hedging Associates                                                    designated
                                                                     Designated                                      instruments    measured                                      Financial         in cash
                                                                         as such                                      designated at fair value                                    assets at       flow/net
                                                                     upon initial       Other           Held for     in fair value    through            Debt          Equity    amortised     investment
                                                                     recognition investments*            trading          hedges profit or loss   investments    investments          cost          hedges         Total
                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
   Cash and bank balances                                                      –               –                –                –            –             –              – 100,564,000                 – 100,564,000
   Loans and advances to customers                                             –               –                –                –            –             –              – 16,162,944                  – 16,162,944
   Trade and notes receivables                                                 –               –                –                –            –             –              – 13,200,451                  – 13,200,451
   Due from related companies                                                  –               –                –                –            –             –              – 12,929,293                  – 12,929,293
   Financial assets included in prepayments,
      other receivables and other assets                                       –               –                –                –            –             –              –    23,640,833               –    23,640,833
   Placements with and loans to banks and other
     financial institutions                                                    –             –                –               –               –             –              –       55,010              –          55,010
   Derivative financial instruments                                            –             –        3,061,106         134,147               –             –              –            –        342,085       3,537,338
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                       –    41,369,818       18,594,401               –               –             –              –            –              –      59,964,219
   Finance lease receivables                                                   –             –                –               –               –             –              –      789,562              –         789,562
   Debt investments at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                     –                –                –                –            –   63,534,884               –             –               –    63,534,884
   Debt investments at amortised cost                                         –                –                –                –            –            –               –    25,171,823               –    25,171,823
   Policyholder account assets in respect of unit-linked contracts   22,163,794                –                –                –            –            –               –     1,113,046               –    23,276,840
   Equity investments at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                      –               –                –                –            –             –     2,763,627              –               –     2,763,627
   Associates measured at fair value through profit or loss                    –               –                –                –   12,209,635             –             –              –               –    12,209,635


   Total                                                             22,163,794     41,369,818       21,655,507         134,147      12,209,635   63,534,884      2,763,627 193,626,962          342,085 357,800,459

   *            Other investments include i) financial assets whose contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest; ii) investments
                which have not been irrevocably designated as equity investments at FVOCI; and iii) investments which have not been managed within the
                business model of only holding to collect contractual cash flows or both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets.




                                                                                                                                                                        FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   321
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




62. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)
       The carrying amounts of each of the categories of the Group’s financial instruments as at the end of each reporting period are as
       follows: (Continued)

       2022 (restated)
       FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
                                                                    Financial liabilities at fair value
                                                                        through profit or loss
                                                                                                                                   Hedging
                                                                                                                               instruments
                                                                      Designated                                             designated in
                                                                          as such                              Financial     cash flow/net
                                                                      upon initial           Held for       liabilities at      investment
                                                                      recognition             trading     amortised cost            hedges          Total
                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000
       Deposits from customers                                                    –                –         76,935,942                –       76,935,942
       Assets sold under agreements to repurchase                                 –                –            151,868                –          151,868
       Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                      –                –              3,828                –            3,828
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions                     –                –            149,062                –          149,062
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                 –        4,306,876                  –                –        4,306,876
       Trade and notes payables                                                   –                –         24,393,592                –       24,393,592
       Due to banks and other financial institutions                              –                –          1,141,108                –        1,141,108
       Derivative financial instruments                                           –        2,984,520                  –          164,223        3,148,743
       Financial liabilities included in accrued liabilities
         and other payables                                           2,729,160*                      –     58,973,947                  –      61,703,107
       Due to related companies and the holding company                        –                      –      3,191,216                  –       3,191,216
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                              –                      –    226,919,151                  –     226,919,151
       Investment contract liabilities                                         –                      –     40,765,932                  –      40,765,932
       Financial liabilities for unit-linked contracts                22,163,794                      –      1,113,046                  –      23,276,840


       Total                                                          24,892,954           7,291,396       433,738,692           164,223      466,087,265

       *        The amount includes the share redemption option granted to non-controlling shareholders of several subsidiaries, of which the fair value
                change is recognised in reserves due to the nature of the equity transaction with the non-controlling shareholders of the subsidiaries of the
                Group.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
322   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2023




63. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
   Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety
   As at 31 December 2023, the Group endorsed certain notes receivable accepted by banks in Chinese Mainland (the “Endorsed
   notes”) with a carrying amount of RMB236,909,000 (2022: RMB226,335,000) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade
   payables due to such suppliers (the “Endorsement”); the Group factored certain notes receivable accepted by banks in Chinese
   Mainland (the “Factored Notes”) with a carrying amount of RMB13,500,000 (2022: nil) to certain factoring companies to finance
   its operating cash flows (the “Factoring”); in addition, the Group discounted certain notes receivable accepted by banks in the PRC
   (the “Discounted Notes”) to certain banks to finance its operating cash flows (the “Discount”) with an aggregate carrying amount
   of RMB196,235,000 (2022: RMB207,183,000).


   In the opinion of the directors, the Group has retained the substantial risks and rewards, which include default risks relating to
   such Endorsed Notes Factored Notes and Discounted Notes, and accordingly, it continued to recognise the full carrying amounts of
   the Endorsed Notes and the associated trade payables settled, the Factored Notes and the short-term borrowings, the Discounted
   Notes and the short-term borrowings. Subsequent to the Endorsement, the Factoring and Discount, the Group did not retain any
   rights on the use of the Endorsed Notes, Factored Notes and Discounted Notes, including the sale, transfer or pledge to any other
   third parties.


   Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety
   As at 31 December 2023, the Group endorsed certain notes receivable accepted by banks in the PRC (the “Derecognised Notes”)
   to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade payables due to these suppliers with an aggregate carrying amount of
   RMB773,660,000 (2022: RMB693,444,000). In addition, the Group discounted certain notes receivable accepted by banks in
   the PRC to certain banks to finance its operating cash flows with an aggregate carrying amount of RMB998,620,000 (2022:
   RMB937,379,000). The Derecognised Notes had maturity from one to ten months at the end of the reporting period. In accordance
   with the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and relevant discounting arrangement with certain banks, the holders of the
   Derecognised Notes have a right of recourse against the Group if the accepting banks default (the “Continuing Involvement”).


   In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the Derecognised Notes.
   Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Derecognised Notes. The maximum exposure to loss from the
   Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Notes and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these Derecognised
   Notes is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing
   Involvement in the Derecognised Notes are not significant.


   During the year, the Group has recognised a loss of RMB5,080,000 (2022: RMB7,226,000) on the date of transfer of the
   Derecognised Notes. No gains or losses were recognised from the Continuing Involvement, both during the year or cumulatively.
   The endorsement and the discount have been made evenly throughout the year.




                                                                                                      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                    323
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




64. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                         Carrying amounts                   Fair values
                                                                                           2023               2022         2023                  2022
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                         (Restated)                         (Restated)
       Financial assets
       Loans and advances to customers                                                  1,042,474        1,070,416      1,085,197           1,058,019
       Financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets     1,974,238                –      1,974,238                   –
       Derivative financial instruments                                                 3,615,676        3,537,338      3,615,676           3,537,338
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                           52,941,186       59,964,219     52,941,186          59,964,219
       Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income               72,473,645       63,534,884     72,473,645          63,534,884
       Debt investments at amortised cost                                              29,400,296       25,171,823     29,386,205          25,129,915
       Financial assets included in policyholder account assets in respect
          of unit-linked contracts                                                     28,143,522       22,163,794     28,143,522          22,163,794
       Equity investments designated at fair value through other
          comprehensive income                                                          2,696,542        2,763,627      2,696,542           2,763,627
       Associates measured at fair value through profit or loss                        11,247,515       12,209,635     11,247,515          12,209,635


       Total                                                                          203,535,094      190,415,736    203,563,726         190,361,431


       Financial liabilities
       Deposits from customers                                                             85,862           85,962         77,810              66,574
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                       6,697,408        4,306,876      6,697,408           4,306,876
       Derivative financial instruments                                                 4,039,509        3,148,743      4,039,509           3,148,743
       Financial liabilities included in accrued liabilities and other payables         9,232,239        5,619,255      9,232,239           5,619,255
       Due to related companies and the holding company                                   244,358        1,092,310        244,358           1,092,310
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                     116,555,663      120,640,124    122,783,119         119,485,397
       Financial liabilities for unit-linked contracts                                 28,143,522       22,163,794     28,143,522          22,163,794


       Total                                                                          164,998,561      157,057,064    171,217,965         155,882,949




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
324   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2023




64. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
  Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and bank balances, reverse repurchase agreements, finance lease receivables,
  placements with and loans to banks and other financial institutions, accounts payable to brokerage clients, investment contract
  liabilities, trade and notes receivables, trade and notes payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and
  other assets, placements from banks and other financial institutions, due to banks and other financial institutions, due from related
  companies and assets sold under agreements to repurchase, the amounts expected to be recovered or settled no more than 12
  months in loans and advances to customers, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, interest-bearing bank and
  other borrowings, deposits from customers, due to related companies and the holding company approximate to their carrying
  amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.


  The Group’s corporate finance team is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value measurement
  of financial instruments. The corporate finance team reports directly to the chief financial officer. At each reporting date, the
  corporate finance team analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in
  the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer.


  The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a
  current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were
  used to estimate the fair values:


  The fair values of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, financial liabilities included in
  accrued liabilities and other payables, and interest-bearing bank and other borrowings which are expected to be recovered or
  settled more than 12 months have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for
  instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for the amounts due
  to related companies and the holding company, financial liabilities included in accrued liabilities and other payables, and interest-
  bearing bank and other borrowings which are expected to be recovered or settled more than 12 months as at 31 December 2023
  was assessed to be insignificant. The fair values of listed bonds and senior notes are based on quoted market prices.


  The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties, principally financial institutions with high
  credit ratings. Derivative financial instruments include commodity derivative contracts, forward currency contracts, and currency
  and interest rate swaps. As at 31 December 2023, the fair values of commodity derivative contracts were measured using quoted
  market prices of commodity future contracts, while the fair values of the forward currency contracts and the fair values of currency
  and interest rate swaps were measured using valuation techniques similar to forward pricing and swap models, using present value
  calculations. The models incorporate various market observable inputs including the credit quality of counterparties and interest
  rate curves. The carrying amounts of the commodity derivative contracts, forward currency contracts, and currency and interest rate
  swaps are the same as their fair values.


  The fair values of listed equity investments without a lock-up period are based on quoted market prices. The fair values of listed
  equity investments with a lock-up period have been estimated based on assumptions that are supported by observable market
  prices and the discount for lack of marketability. The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation
  technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes in fair values, which are
  recorded in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, are reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate values at the
  end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                     325
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




64. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
       The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques. These
       valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific
       estimates. If all significant inputs required by fair value measurement are observable, the instruments are included in level 2. If one
       or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instruments are included in level 3.


       For Level 3 financial assets, the Group adopts the valuation techniques to determine the fair value. Valuation techniques include
       the market comparison approach, income approach, etc. The fair value measurement of these financial instruments may involve
       unobservable inputs such as credit spread, liquidity discount, etc. Fair value change resulting from changes in the unobservable
       inputs was not significant. The Group periodically reviews all significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments used to
       measure the fair values of financial assets in Level 3.


       Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments as at 31 December 2023:


       Unobservable inputs and sensitivity analysis for Level 3 assets
       The financial assets measured at fair value held by the Group which were classified in Level 3 primarily correspond to debt
       securities, investment funds and certain unlisted equity securities not quoted in an active market.


       The fair value of debt securities, which consist of public and corporate bonds, is determined using broker quotes that cannot be
       corroborated with observable market transactions. Significant unobservable inputs for these bonds would include proprietary cash
       flow models and issuer spreads, which are comprised of credit, liquidity, and other security-specific features of the bonds. An
       increase (decrease) in these issuer spreads would result in a lower (higher) fair value.


       The fair values of investment funds classified in Level 3 are based on net asset value (NAV) reports provided by the management
       of such funds. For certain unlisted equity securities, the Group adopts the valuation techniques to determine the fair value.
       Valuation techniques include the market comparison approach, etc., which requires the Group to determine comparable public
       companies (peers) based on industry, size, leverage and strategy, and to calculate an appropriate price multiple, such as price to
       earnings multiples and price to book multiples, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by dividing the
       enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading multiple is then discounted for considerations
       such as illiquidity and size differences between the comparable companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances. The
       discounted multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity investments to measure the fair value.
       An increase (decrease) in multiples would result in a higher (lower) fair value. An increase (decrease) in liquidity discount would
       result in a lower (higher) fair value. The Group periodically reviews all significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments
       used to measure the fair values of financial instruments in Level 3.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
326   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2023




64. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
  Unobservable inputs and sensitivity analysis for Level 3 liabilities
  Significant unobservable valuation inputs for the share redemption option granted to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries
  included in accrued liabilities and other payables is the progress of research and development activities, net profit or EBITDA of the
  subsidiaries.


  Significant unobservable valuation input for other financial liabilities included in accrued liabilities and other payables is fair value of
  net assets of subsidiaries.


  Fair value hierarchy
  The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


  Level 1:    Fair values measured based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities


  Level 2:    Fair values measured based on valuation techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded
              fair value are observable, either directly or indirectly


  Level 3:    Fair values measured based on valuation techniques for which any inputs which have a significant effect on the
              recorded fair value are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs)


  ASSETS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE:
                                                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                                                     Quoted prices         Significant    Significant
                                                                         in active         observable unobservable
                                                                          markets               inputs        inputs
                                                                           Level 1             Level 2       Level 3                Total
                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000               RMB’000
  31 December 2023
  Derivative financial instruments                                          616,201         1,794,706         1,204,769          3,615,676
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  13,745,622        15,736,431        23,459,133         52,941,186
  Debt investments at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                64,729,256          5,832,838         1,911,551        72,473,645
  Financial assets included in policyholder account
  assets in respect of unit-linked contracts                             24,054,587            140,919         3,948,016        28,143,522
  Equity investments designated at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                  2,473,230           148,807            74,505         2,696,542
  Associates measured at fair value through profit or loss                   585,487         6,572,744         4,089,284        11,247,515


  Total                                                                 106,204,383        30,226,445        34,687,258       171,118,086




                                                                                                           FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                         327
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




64. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
       Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
       ASSETS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE: (Continued)
                                                                                                                              Fair value measurement using
                                                                                                       Quoted prices             Significant     Significant
                                                                                                            in active            observable    unobservable
                                                                                                             markets                  inputs         inputs
                                                                                                              Level 1                Level 2        Level 3                              Total
                                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000        RMB’000                             RMB’000
       31 December 2022 (restated)
       Derivative financial instruments                                                                     538,473               2,840,342                   158,523                3,537,338
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                             17,581,614              18,921,257                23,461,348               59,964,219
       Debt investments at fair value through other
          comprehensive income                                                                           56,839,876                5,392,659                 1,302,349              63,534,884
       Financial assets included in policyholder account
       assets in respect of unit-linked contracts                                                        18,538,535                    141,465               3,483,794              22,163,794
       Equity investments designated at fair value through other
          comprehensive income                                                                            2,651,666                   24,542                    87,419               2,763,627
       Associates measured at fair value through profit or loss                                             915,136                7,838,465                 3,456,034              12,209,635


       Total                                                                                             97,065,300              35,158,730                31,949,467              164,173,497


       During the year, the financial assets with a fair value of RMB118,633,000 in Level 2 as at 31 December 2022 were transferred out
       to Level 1 due to the end of the lock-up period for these equity investments in 2023(2022: RMB1,122,505,000).


       The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:


                                                                           Equity
                                                                    investments                Debt
                                                                   designated at       investments            Financial       Policyholder                           Associates
                                                                       fair value      at fair value          assets at    account assets                            measured
                                                                  through other      through other           fair value      in respect of         Derivative      at fair value
                                                                 comprehensive      comprehensive              through         unit-linked           financial         through
                                                                         income             income        profit or loss         contracts       instruments      profit or loss             Total
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000
       As at 31 December 2022                                            87,419         1,302,349          23,461,348          3,483,794            158,523         3,456,034           31,949,467
       Total gains recognised in the consolidated statement of
         profit or loss included in other gains                                –            16,510            790,925            226,948          1,025,721           153,771            2,213,875
       Total (losses)/gains recognised in other comprehensive
         income                                                          (7,523)           128,183                  –                  –                   –                –              120,660
       Addition                                                               –            719,607          2,446,695             96,380                   –                –            3,262,682
       Disposals                                                         (6,838)          (356,245)        (3,540,778)           (71,269)                  –         (108,190)          (4,083,320)
       Disposal of subsidiaries                                               –                  –           (125,535)                 –                   –         (936,506)          (1,062,041)
       Exchange realignment                                               1,447            101,147            449,473            212,163              20,525                –              784,755
       Transfers*                                                             –                  –            (22,995)                 –                   –        1,524,175            1,501,180


       As at 31 December 2023                                            74,505         1,911,551          23,459,133          3,948,016          1,204,769         4,089,284           34,687,258

       *           During the year, the financial assets with a fair value of RMB1,338,355,000 in Level 3 as at 31 December 2022 were transferred out, and fair
                   value of RMB2,839,535,000 in Level 2 as at 31 December 2022 were transferred in. The transfer was based on the significant input used in
                   the fair value measurement as a whole.


      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
328   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2023




64. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
  Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
  ASSETS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE: (Continued)
                                                                    Equity
                                                             investments                Debt
                                                              designated        investments             Financial          Policyholder                              Associates
                                                             at fair value      at fair value              assets       account assets                             measured at
                                                           through other      through other         at fair value         in respect of         Derivative            fair value
                                                          comprehensive      comprehensive               through            unit-linked           financial             through
                                                                  income             income        profit or loss             contracts       instruments          profit or loss           Total
                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000                RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000
  As at 31 December 2021                                          74,357         1,507,785          20,129,334              1,057,304              39,752            2,433,326         25,241,858
  Total (losses)/gains recognised in the consolidated
    statement of profit or loss included in other gains                 –          (629,044)           564,562               (110,752)             44,138              634,005            502,909
  Total gains recognised in other comprehensive
    income                                                         7,452              6,745                  –                      –                   –                    –              14,197
  Addition                                                         6,928            685,662          3,744,371              2,421,965              77,225              136,233           7,072,384
  Disposals                                                            –           (188,537)        (3,140,586)               (27,969)                  –             (126,410)         (3,483,502)
  Disposal of subsidiaries                                             –             (6,189)            (4,692)                     –                   –                    –             (10,881)
  Included in assets classified as held for sale                       –                  –                  –                      –                   –             (700,000)           (700,000)
  Exchange realignment                                            (1,318)           (74,073)         1,138,992                143,246              (2,592)                   –           1,204,255
  Transfers*                                                           –                  –          1,029,367                      –                   –            1,078,880           2,108,247


  As at 31 December 2022                                          87,419         1,302,349          23,461,348              3,483,794            158,523             3,456,034         31,949,467

  *            During the year, the financial assets with a fair value of RMB1,059,155,000 in Level 3 as at 31 December 2021 were transferred out, and fair
               value of RMB3,167,402,000 in Level 2 as at 31 December 2021 were transferred in. The transfer was based on the significant input used in
               the fair value measurement as a whole.


  ASSETS FOR WHICH FAIR VALUES ARE DISCLOSED:
                                                                                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                                                                                Quoted prices              Significant    Significant
                                                                                                    in active              observable unobservable
                                                                                                     markets                    inputs        inputs
                                                                                                      Level 1                  Level 2       Level 3                                   Total
                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000       RMB’000                                  RMB’000
  31 December 2023
  Loans and advances to customers                                                                                   –                     –               1,085,197                  1,085,197
  Financial assets included in prepayment, of the
  receivables and other assets                                                                              –                   1,974,238                            –               1,974,238
  Debt investments at amortised cost                                                               23,672,212                   5,126,206                      587,787              29,386,205


  Total                                                                                            23,672,212                   7,100,444                 1,672,984                 32,445,640


  31 December 2022
  Loans and advances to customers                                                                           –                           –                 1,058,019                  1,058,019
  Debt investments at amortised cost                                                               19,070,664                   5,658,195                   401,056                 25,129,915


  Total                                                                                            19,070,664                   5,658,195                 1,459,075                 26,187,934



                                                                                                                                                    FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                             329
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




64. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
       Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
       LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE:


                                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                                    Quoted prices      Significant    Significant
                                                                        in active      observable unobservable
                                                                         markets            inputs        inputs
                                                                          Level 1          Level 2       Level 3       Total
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
       31 December 2023
       Financial liabilities for unit-linked contracts                 24,054,587        140,919       3,948,016    28,143,522
       Financial liabilities included in accrued liabilities and
          other payables                                                        –               –      3,385,474     3,385,474
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss       5,746,472         950,936              –     6,697,408
       Derivative financial instruments                                    17,761       1,931,544      2,090,204     4,039,509


       Total                                                           29,818,820       3,023,399      9,423,694    42,265,913


       31 December 2022
       Financial liabilities for unit-linked contracts                 18,538,535        141,465       3,483,794    22,163,794
       Financial liabilities included in accrued liabilities and
          other payables                                                        –               –      2,729,160     2,729,160
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss       3,364,387         942,489              –     4,306,876
       Derivative financial instruments                                     8,579       2,171,566        968,598     3,148,743


       Total                                                           21,911,501       3,255,520      7,181,552    32,348,573




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
330   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




64. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
  Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
  LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE: (Continued)
  The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:


                                                                      Financial
                                                                     liabilities
                                                                   included in
                                                                       accrued          Financial
                                                                     liabilities   liabilities for     Derivative
                                                                    and other         unit-linked        financial
                                                                     payables          contracts     instruments             Total
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000
  31 December 2022                                                   2,729,160        3,483,794           968,598         7,181,552
  Total (gains)/losses recognised in the consolidated
    statement of profit or loss included in other income               (47,205)          226,948           82,698           262,441
  Addition                                                             703,519            96,380          960,872         1,760,771
  Decrease                                                                   –           (71,269)               –           (71,269)
  Exchange realignment                                                       –           212,163           78,036           290,199


  At 31 December 2023                                                3,385,474        3,948,016         2,090,204         9,423,694


  31 December 2021                                                   1,729,069        1,057,304           919,481         3,705,854
  Total gains recognised in the consolidated statement
    of profit or loss included in other income                         (47,761)        (110,752)                –          (158,513)
  Addition                                                           1,047,852        2,421,965            18,735         3,488,552
  Decrease                                                                   –          (27,969)                –           (27,969)
  Exchange realignment                                                       –          143,246            30,382           173,628


  At 31 December 2022                                                2,729,160        3,483,794           968,598         7,181,552




                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                   331
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




64. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
       Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
       LIABILITIES FOR WHICH FAIR VALUES ARE DISCLOSED:


                                                                                   Fair value measurement using
                                                                   Quoted prices      Significant    Significant
                                                                       in active      observable unobservable
                                                                        markets            inputs        inputs
                                                                         Level 1          Level 2       Level 3        Total
                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
       31 December 2023
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                     31,918,898     90,864,221               –    122,783,119
       Deposits from customers                                                 –              –          77,810         77,810
       Due to related companies and the holding companies                      –        244,358               –        244,358
       Financial liabilities included in accrued liabilities and
          other payables                                                       –       5,846,765              –      5,846,765


       Total                                                          31,918,898     96,955,344          77,810    128,952,052


       31 December 2022 (restated)
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                     24,266,009     95,219,388               –    119,485,397
       Deposits from customers                                                 –              –          66,574         66,574
       Due to related companies and the holding companies                      –      1,092,310               –      1,092,310
       Financial liabilities included in accrued liabilities and
          other payables                                                       –       2,890,095              –      2,890,095


       Total                                                          24,266,009     99,201,793          66,574    123,534,376




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
332   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2023




65. LIQUIDITY INFORMATION
   The Group presents all assets and liabilities to being in order of liquidity in the consolidated statement of financial position. The
   Group further discloses the amounts expected to be recovered or settled no more/more than twelve months for each asset and
   liability line item in the table below.


                                                                                                   No more than            More than
   As at 31 December 2023                                                              Total          12 months            12 months
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000
   ASSETS
   Cash and bank balances                                                          92,459,644          91,809,939             649,705
   Reverse repurchase agreements                                                    6,844,927           6,844,927                   –
   Loans and advances to customers                                                 16,097,595          15,055,121           1,042,474
   Trade and notes receivables                                                     14,414,166          14,414,166                   –
   Inventories                                                                     26,233,846          26,233,846                   –
   Completed properties for sale                                                   16,598,108          16,598,108                   –
   Properties under development                                                    46,776,244          43,699,045           3,077,199
   Contract assets and other assets                                                   229,266             229,266                   –
   Due from related companies                                                      18,015,068          17,644,106             370,962
   Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                 31,953,684          25,958,636           5,995,048
   Assets classified as held for sale                                               2,906,203           2,906,203                   –
   Placements with and loans to banks and other financial institutions                473,054              40,798             432,256
   Derivative financial instruments                                                 3,615,676           2,884,854             730,822
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                           52,941,186          34,483,856          18,457,330
   Finance lease receivables                                                          699,545             246,067             453,478
   Reinsurance contract assets                                                      9,117,577           5,848,156           3,269,421
   Insurance contract assets                                                        1,803,797           1,246,787             557,010
   Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income               72,473,645           7,645,481          64,828,164
   Debt investments at amortised cost                                              29,400,296           9,799,024          19,601,272
   Policyholder account assets in respect of unit-linked contracts                 29,442,770           1,019,981          28,422,789
   Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
     income                                                                         2,696,542                    –          2,696,542
   Property, plant and equipment                                                   55,226,701                    –         55,226,701
   Investment properties                                                           93,340,801                    –         93,340,801
   Right-of-use assets                                                             23,852,435                    –         23,852,435
   Exploration and evaluation assets                                                  542,140                    –            542,140
   Mining rights                                                                    1,311,399                    –          1,311,399
   Oil and gas assets                                                               1,974,760                    –          1,974,760
   Intangible assets                                                               36,790,363                    –         36,790,363
   Investments in joint ventures                                                   12,584,076                    –         12,584,076
   Investments in associates                                                       68,254,580                    –         68,254,580
   Goodwill                                                                        29,547,898                    –         29,547,898
   Deferred tax assets                                                              9,769,597                    –          9,769,597


   Total assets                                                                   808,387,589        324,608,367         483,779,222




                                                                                                       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                     333
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




65. LIQUIDITY INFORMATION (Continued)
                                                                                                   No more than    More than
       As at 31 December 2023                                                            Total        12 months    12 months
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000
       LIABILITIES
       Deposits from customers                                                        82,216,087     82,130,225        85,862
       Assets sold under agreements to repurchase                                        188,063        188,063             –
       Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                             990,853        990,853             –
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                      6,697,408      6,697,408             –
       Liabilities directly associated with the assets classified as held for sale        79,178         79,178             –
       Trade and notes payables                                                       26,407,670     26,407,670             –
       Contract liabilities                                                           19,865,129     19,540,492       324,637
       Tax payable                                                                    13,148,210     13,148,210             –
       Due to banks and other financial institutions                                   1,103,458      1,103,458             –
       Derivative financial instruments                                                4,039,509      3,072,674       966,835
       Accrued liabilities and other payables                                         74,582,013     46,096,804    28,485,209
       Due to the related companies                                                    2,199,034        789,550     1,409,484
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                    211,923,910     95,368,247   116,555,663
       Reinsurance contract liabilities                                                3,103,216      2,920,479       182,737
       Insurance contract liabilities                                                 62,811,295     19,902,067    42,909,228
       Investment contract liabilities                                                37,583,333      5,037,346    32,545,987
       Financial liabilities for unit-linked contracts                                29,442,770         55,777    29,386,993
       Due to the holding company                                                        244,358              –       244,358
       Deferred income                                                                 1,243,012              –     1,243,012
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                       21,944,245              –    21,944,245


       Total liabilities                                                             599,812,751    323,528,501   276,284,250


       NET ASSETS                                                                    208,574,838      1,079,866   207,494,972




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
334   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2023




65. LIQUIDITY INFORMATION (Continued)
                                                                                             No more than           More than
   As at 31 December 2022                                                           Total       12 months           12 months
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                               (Restated)
   ASSETS
   Cash and bank balances                                                    100,564,000      100,071,263             492,737
   Loans and advances to customers                                            16,162,944       15,092,528           1,070,416
   Trade and notes receivables                                                13,200,451       13,200,451                   –
   Inventories                                                                25,649,708       25,649,708                   –
   Completed properties for sale                                              15,028,738       15,028,738                   –
   Properties under development                                               62,079,128       56,611,465           5,467,663
   Contract assets and other assets                                              610,268          610,268                   –
   Due from related companies                                                 12,929,293       12,558,844             370,449
   Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                            35,442,321       29,963,768           5,478,553
   Assets classified as held for sale                                         19,817,066       18,030,509           1,786,557
   Placements with and loans to banks and other financial institutions            55,010           17,895              37,115
   Derivative financial instruments                                            3,537,338        2,879,068             658,270
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                      59,964,219       35,323,667          24,640,552
   Finance lease receivables                                                     789,562          331,208             458,354
   Reinsurance contract assets                                                 8,841,570        6,489,684           2,351,886
   Insurance contract assets                                                   1,775,046        1,044,031             731,015
   Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income          63,534,884        9,592,013          53,942,871
   Debt investments at amortised cost                                         25,171,823       10,283,828          14,887,995
   Policyholder account assets in respect of unit-linked contracts            23,276,840        1,854,480          21,422,360
   Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
     income                                                                    2,763,627                 –          2,763,627
   Property, plant and equipment                                              45,668,203                 –         45,668,203
   Investment properties                                                      95,743,357                 –         95,743,357
   Right-of-use assets                                                        21,297,657                 –         21,297,657
   Exploration and evaluation assets                                             584,684                 –            584,684
   Mining rights                                                                 480,763                 –            480,763
   Oil and gas assets                                                          1,890,258                 –          1,890,258
   Intangible assets                                                          34,278,110                 –         34,278,110
   Investments in joint ventures                                               9,903,075                 –          9,903,075
   Investments in associates                                                  68,653,959                 –         68,653,959
   Goodwill                                                                   27,413,654                 –         27,413,654
   Deferred tax assets                                                         9,268,677                 –          9,268,677


   Total assets                                                              806,376,233      354,633,416        451,742,817




                                                                                               FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                             335
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




65. LIQUIDITY INFORMATION (Continued)
                                                                                                    No more than    More than
       As at 31 December 2022                                                               Total      12 months    12 months
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                       (Restated)
       LIABILITIES
       Deposits from customers                                                        76,935,942     76,849,980         85,962
       Assets sold under agreements to repurchase                                        151,868        151,868              –
       Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                               3,828          3,828              –
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions                            149,062        149,062              –
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                      4,306,876      4,306,876              –
       Liabilities directly associated with the assets classified as held for sale       117,467        117,467              –
       Trade and notes payables                                                       24,393,592     24,393,592              –
       Contract liabilities                                                           24,332,437     23,966,338        366,099
       Tax payable                                                                    12,078,193     12,078,193              –
       Due to banks and other financial institutions                                   1,141,108      1,141,108              –
       Derivative financial instruments                                                3,148,743      2,120,706      1,028,037
       Accrued liabilities and other payables                                         77,262,805     55,062,509     22,200,296
       Due to the related companies                                                    5,104,219      2,098,906      3,005,313
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                    226,919,151    106,279,027    120,640,124
       Reinsurance contract liabilities                                                3,517,286      3,053,692        463,594
       Insurance contract liabilities                                                 59,205,512     15,418,292     43,787,220
       Investment contract liabilities                                                40,765,932     13,274,724     27,491,208
       Financial liabilities for unit-linked contracts                                23,276,840        109,810     23,167,030
       Due to the holding company                                                        122,606              –        122,606
       Deferred income                                                                 1,231,069              –      1,231,069
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                       23,136,678              –     23,136,678


       Total liabilities                                                             607,301,214    340,575,978    266,725,236


       NET ASSETS                                                                    199,075,019      14,057,438   185,017,581




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
336   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2023




65. LIQUIDITY INFORMATION (Continued)
                                                                                             No more than           More than
   As at 1 January 2022                                                             Total       12 months           12 months
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                               (Restated)
   ASSETS
   Cash and bank balances                                                     96,779,519       96,278,048             501,471
   Loans and advances to customers                                            16,793,872       15,469,317           1,324,555
   Trade and notes receivables                                                10,618,340       10,618,340                   –
   Inventories                                                                22,263,338       22,263,338                   –
   Completed properties for sale                                              14,781,146       14,781,146                   –
   Properties under development                                               51,208,864       38,007,620          13,201,244
   Contract assets and other assets                                               36,125           36,125                   –
   Due from related companies                                                 18,210,088       16,739,960           1,470,128
   Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                            35,480,359       30,938,636           4,541,723
   Assets classified as held for sale                                            556,217          556,217                   –
   Placements with and loans to banks and other financial institutions           425,483          389,384              36,099
   Derivative financial instruments                                            3,057,582        1,512,688           1,544,894
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                      67,608,984       40,009,235          27,599,749
   Finance lease receivables                                                     838,689          612,374             226,315
   Reinsurance contract assets                                                 7,938,130        4,461,417           3,476,713
   Insurance contract assets                                                   6,189,854        2,323,072           3,866,782
   Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income          80,908,414       19,253,551          61,654,863
   Debt investments at amortised cost                                         25,984,474        6,319,685          19,664,789
   Policyholder account assets in respect of unit-linked contracts            12,708,621        2,049,768          10,658,853
   Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
     income                                                                    3,054,695        2,519,203             535,492
   Property, plant and equipment                                              42,387,533                –          42,387,533
   Investment properties                                                      67,229,732                –          67,229,732
   Right-of-use assets                                                        18,608,758                –          18,608,758
   Exploration and evaluation assets                                             411,330                –             411,330
   Mining rights                                                                 496,997                –             496,997
   Oil and gas assets                                                          1,959,612                –           1,959,612
   Intangible assets                                                          27,116,359                –          27,116,359
   Investments in joint ventures                                              33,395,605                –          33,395,605
   Investments in associates                                                  92,808,915                –          92,808,915
   Goodwill                                                                   24,804,818                –          24,804,818
   Deferred tax assets                                                         7,947,331                –           7,947,331


   Total assets                                                              792,609,784      325,139,124        467,470,660




                                                                                               FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                             337
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




65. LIQUIDITY INFORMATION (Continued)
                                                                                                    No more than    More than
       As at 1 January 2022                                                                 Total      12 months    12 months
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                       (Restated)
       LIABILITIES
       Deposits from customers                                                        71,851,392     71,742,751        108,641
       Assets sold under agreements to repurchase                                      1,467,606      1,467,606              –
       Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                             421,560        421,560              –
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions                            122,735        122,735              –
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                      4,078,714      4,078,714              –
       Liabilities directly associated with the assets classified as held for sale        27,151         27,151              –
       Trade and notes payables                                                       21,406,410     21,406,410              –
       Contract liabilities                                                           20,942,466     20,315,595        626,871
       Tax payable                                                                    11,896,130     11,896,130              –
       Due to banks and other financial institutions                                   4,375,871      1,541,056      2,834,815
       Derivative financial instruments                                                5,740,791      3,027,559      2,713,232
       Accrued liabilities and other payables                                         56,945,549     37,977,917     18,967,632
       Due to the related companies                                                    3,836,309      3,836,309              –
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                    237,119,485    105,227,290    131,892,195
       Reinsurance contract liabilities                                                2,205,168      2,138,870         66,298
       Insurance contract liabilities                                                 70,306,631     19,402,844     50,903,787
       Investment contract liabilities                                                47,160,507     10,841,079     36,319,428
       Financial liabilities for unit-linked contracts                                12,708,621        109,911     12,598,710
       Due to the holding company                                                      2,770,224              –      2,770,224
       Deferred income                                                                   971,999              –        971,999
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                       16,645,826              –     16,645,826


       Total liabilities                                                             593,001,145    315,581,487    277,419,658


       NET ASSETS                                                                    199,608,639       9,557,637   190,051,002




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
338   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2023




66. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprise bank loans and other borrowings, finance lease
   receivables, amounts due from/to related companies, debt investments at amortised cost and cash and short-term deposits. The
   main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial
   assets and liabilities such as trade and notes receivables, trade and notes payables and deposits from customers, which arise directly
   from its operations.


   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk
   and price risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.


   Interest rate risk
   The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s long-term debt obligations
   with floating interest rates.


   The Group’s policy is to manage its interest cost using a mix of fixed and variable rate debts. At 31 December 2023, approximately
   51% (2022: 54%) of the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings bore interest at fixed rates.


   The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rate, with all other variables held
   constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (through the impact on floating rate borrowings).


                                                                                           Increase/(decrease)       Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                in basis points      in profit before tax
                                                                                                      RMB’000                   RMB’000
   2023                                                                                                       75                (800,413)
                                                                                                             (75)                800,413


   2022                                                                                                        75               (795,371)
                                                                                                              (75)               795,371




                                                                                                         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                       339
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




66. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
       (Continued)

       Foreign currency risk
       The Group has transactional currency exposures. These exposures arise from sales or purchases by operating units and investing
       and financing activities by investment holding units in currencies other than the units’ functional currencies. The following table
       demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible change in the United States dollar, Hong
       Kong dollar and EUR exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax arising from United
       States dollar, Hong Kong dollar and EUR denominated financial instruments and the Group’s equity, excluding the impact of
       retained earnings due to the changes of the exchange fluctuation reserve of certain overseas subsidiaries of which the functional
       currencies are currencies other than RMB.


                                                                                             Increase/(decrease)      Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                      in foreign                 in profit
                                                                                                   currency rate               before tax
                                                                                                              %                  RMB’000
       2023
         If RMB weakens against the United States dollar                                                         5                (73,752)
         If RMB strengthens against the United States dollar                                                    (5)                73,752
         If RMB weakens against the Hong Kong dollar                                                             5                194,306
         If RMB strengthens against the Hong Kong dollar                                                        (5)              (194,306)
         If RMB weakens against EUR                                                                              5             (1,001,965)
         If RMB strengthens against EUR                                                                         (5)             1,001,965


       2022 (restated)
         If RMB weakens against the United States dollar                                                         5               (138,330)
         If RMB strengthens against the United States dollar                                                    (5)               138,330
         If RMB weakens against the Hong Kong dollar                                                             5                106,634
         If RMB strengthens against the Hong Kong dollar                                                        (5)              (106,634)
         If RMB weakens against EUR                                                                              5             (1,009,845)
         If RMB strengthens against EUR                                                                         (5)             1,009,845


       Credit risk
       The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade
       on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and
       the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
340   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2023




66. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (Continued)

   Credit risk (Continued)
   MAXIMUM EXPOSURE AND YEAR-END STAGING
   The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit policy, which is
   mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging
   classification. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.


  31 December 2023                                       12-month
                                                             ECLs                    Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                        Simplified
                                                           Stage 1        Stage 2        Stage 3         approach           Total
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000
   Cash and bank balances – Not yet past due            92,459,644              –              –                –       92,459,644
   Loans and advances to customers                      15,479,909        329,654        631,672                –       16,441,235
   Trade and notes receivables*                                  –              –              –       15,070,834       15,070,834
   Due from related companies – Not yet past due        18,015,068              –              –                –       18,015,068
   Financial assets included in prepayments,
      other receivables and other assets – Normal**     21,285,913              –              –                  –     21,285,913
      – Doubtful**                                               –        167,500        799,751                  –        967,251
   Placements with and loans to banks and other
      financial institutions                               473,054               –             –                  –        473,054
   Finance lease receivables                               706,863               –        53,206                  –        760,069
   Debt investments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income                              71,283,887      1,176,144         13,614                  –     72,473,645
   Debt investments at amortised cost                   29,002,291        134,996        501,607                  –     29,638,894
   Policyholder account assets in respect of
      unit-linked contracts at amortised cost           29,442,770               –              –                 –     29,442,770


   Total                                               278,149,399      1,808,294      1,999,850       15,070,834     297,028,377




                                                                                                    FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                  341
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




66. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
       (Continued)

       Credit risk (Continued)
       MAXIMUM EXPOSURE AND YEAR-END STAGING (Continued)


                                                                        12-month
       31 December 2022 (Restated)                                          ECLs                         Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                              Simplified
                                                                          Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3         approach             Total
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000
       Cash and bank balances – Not yet past due                     100,564,000                  –                 –                –      100,564,000
       Loans and advances to customers                                15,755,199             28,511           603,484                –       16,387,194
       Trade and notes receivables*                                            –                  –                 –       13,773,458       13,773,458
       Due from related companies – Not yet past due                  12,929,293                  –                 –                –       12,929,293
       Financial assets included in prepayments,
          other receivables and other assets – Normal**                24,016,199                 –                 –                   –     24,016,199
          – Doubtful**                                                          –           167,500           719,821                   –        887,321
       Placements with and loans to banks and other
          financial institutions                                           55,010                   –               –                   –         55,010
       Finance lease receivables                                          767,263                   –          66,192                   –        833,455
       Debt investments at fair value through other
          comprehensive income                                         62,934,378           591,132             9,374                   –     63,534,884
       Debt investments at amortised cost                              24,553,622           144,989           492,961                   –     25,191,572
       Policyholder account assets in respect of
          unit-linked contracts at amortised cost                      23,276,840                   –                 –                 –     23,276,840


       Total                                                         264,851,804            932,132        1,891,832        13,773,458      281,449,226

       *       For trade and notes receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix
               is disclosed in note 17 to the financial statements.

       **      The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal” when
               they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial
               recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
342   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2023




66. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (Continued)

   Liquidity risk
   The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of interest-bearing
   loans and other borrowings.


   The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual undiscounted
   payments, is as follows:


   2023                                                                         Less than         1 to       More than
                                                                On demand          1 year      5 years         5 years            Total
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000
   Deposits from customers                                       68,374,803    14,175,820       87,944                 –      82,638,567
   Assets sold under agreements to repurchase                             –       188,063            –                 –         188,063
   Accounts payable to brokerage clients                            990,853             –            –                 –         990,853
   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             –     6,697,408            –                 –       6,697,408
   Trade and notes payables                                       3,208,409    23,199,261            –                 –      26,407,670
   Due to banks and other financial institutions                  1,103,458             –            –                 –       1,103,458
   Derivative financial instruments                               2,406,165       666,509      780,379           186,456       4,039,509
   Financial liabilities included in accrued liabilities
      and other payables (excluding lease liabilities)           23,986,260     5,789,943     8,917,501               –      38,693,704
   Lease liabilities                                                      –     2,663,206    10,459,700      11,078,771      24,201,677
   Due to related companies and the holding company                 789,550             –       244,358               –       1,033,908
   Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                             –    95,368,247   127,722,153      23,937,399     247,027,799
   Investment contract liabilities                                        –     5,037,346    22,693,448       9,852,539      37,583,333
   Financial liabilities for Unit-Linked contracts                   55,777             –    29,386,993               –      29,442,770


   Total                                                        100,915,275   153,785,803   200,292,476      45,055,165     500,048,719




                                                                                                          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                        343
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




66. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
       (Continued)

       Liquidity risk (Continued)
       The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual undiscounted
       payments, is as follows: (Continued)


       2022 (Restated)                                                               Less than          1 to         Over
                                                                     On demand          1 year       5 years       5 years           Total
                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000
       Deposits from customers                                       67,867,326     9,334,482        88,047              –     77,289,855
       Assets sold under agreements to repurchase                             –       151,868             –              –        151,868
       Accounts payable to brokerage clients                              3,828             –             –              –          3,828
       Placements from banks and other financial institutions           149,062             –             –              –        149,062
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                   4,306,876             –              –      4,306,876
       Trade and notes payables                                       3,303,543    21,090,049             –              –     24,393,592
       Due to banks and other financial institutions                  1,141,108             –             –              –      1,141,108
       Derivative financial instruments                               1,217,879     1,387,992       237,322        305,550      3,148,743
       Financial liabilities included in accrued liabilities
          and other payables (excluding lease liabilities)           33,218,914     5,275,401      5,347,037            –      43,841,352
       Lease liabilities                                                            2,601,195      6,150,283    9,110,277      17,861,755
       Due to related companies and the holding company               2,098,906             –      1,092,310            –       3,191,216
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                             –   106,279,027    127,380,403   29,567,626     263,227,056
       Investment contract liabilities                                2,206,511    11,068,213     16,857,499   10,633,709      40,765,932
       Financial liabilities for Unit-Linked contracts                  109,810             –     23,167,030            –      23,276,840


       Total                                                        111,316,887   161,495,103    180,319,931   49,617,162     502,749,083


       In addition, the guarantees provided by the Group will be called in the case of default in payments by the guaranteed companies as
       set out in note 59.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
344   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2023




66. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (Continued)

   Liquidity risk (Continued)
   The maturity profile of portfolios of insurance contract issued and portfolios of reinsurance contracts held that are liabilities of the
   Group based on the estimates of the present value of the future cash flows expected to be paid out, is as follows:


   2023


   Item                                   Up to 1 year     1-2 years     2-3 years     3-4 years     4-5 years    Over 5 years       Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
   Liabilities
   Insurance contract liabilities          16,287,792     8,399,461     5,151,685     3,261,518     2,405,269       16,301,109    51,806,834
   Reinsurance contract liabilities         3,262,032       (95,955)      (36,321)      (11,183)       (5,374)          (3,419)    3,109,780


   Total                                   19,549,824     8,303,506     5,115,364     3,250,335     2,399,895       16,297,690    54,916,614


   2022 (restated)


   Item                                    Up to 1 year    1-2 years     2-3 years     3-4 years     4-5 years     Over 5 years        Total
                                              RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000
   Liabilities
   Insurance contract liabilities          13,790,706     7,558,944     5,015,794     3,712,161     2,181,663       15,567,882    47,827,150
   Reinsurance contract liabilities         3,799,998      (118,361)      (48,216)      (15,856)       (5,191)          (4,017)    3,608,357


   Total                                   17,590,704     7,440,583     4,967,578     3,696,305     2,176,472       15,563,865    51,435,507


   The Group is exposed to liquidity risk on insurance policies that permit surrender, withdrawal or other forms of early termination.
   When surrender, withdrawal or other forms of early termination happens, the Group determines the amounts that are payable on
   demand to policyholders in accordance with the terms of insurance contracts, which are usually the unearned premiums or the
   cash values of the relevant part of contracts, after deducting the applicable early termination fees. The Group seeks to manage its
   liquidity risk by matching to the extent possible the duration of its investment assets with the duration of its insurance policies and
   to ensure that the Group is able to meet its payment obligations.


   Price risk
   Price risk is the risk that the fair values of equity and debt investments decrease or increase as a result of changes in the levels
   of equity indices and the value of individual securities. The Group was exposed to price risk arising from individual investments
   classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (note 25), equity investments designated at fair value through other
   comprehensive income (note 31), debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (note 28) and associates
   measured at fair value through profit or loss (note 40) as at 31 December 2023. The Group’s listed investments that are listed on
   stock exchanges in Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Shanghai, New York, Singapore, and other countries in Europe, Oceania, North America,
   Latin America, Africa and Asia are valued at quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.


   The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in the fair values of the financial investments, with
   all other variables held constant and before any impact on tax, based on their carrying amounts at the end of the reporting period.
   For the purpose of this analysis, for the equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income, and debt
   investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the impact is deemed to be on the other comprehensive income.
   No account is given for factors such as impairment which might impact the statement of profit or loss, and no account is given for
   the impact on other life insurance contract liabilities (profit sharing provision).




                                                                                                          FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                        345
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




66. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
       (Continued)

       Price risk (Continued)
       2023


                                                                                       Increase/     Increase/
                                                                         Carrying     (decrease)    (decrease)     Increase/
                                                                        amount of   in equity or      in profit   (decrease)
       Investments listed in:                                         investments    debt prices    before tax    in equity*
                                                                         RMB’000              %       RMB’000       RMB’000
       Hong Kong
         – Equity investments designated at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                                   900,684              5             –        45,034
                                                                                              (5)            –       (45,034)
         – Debt investments at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                                       4,133,300              5             –      206,665
                                                                                              (5)            –     (206,665)
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        6,182,761              5       309,138            –
                                                                                              (5)     (309,138)           –
         – Associates measured at fair value through profit or loss       231,351              5        11,568            –
                                                                                              (5)      (11,568)           –
       Shenzhen
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          761,455              5        38,073             –
                                                                                              (5)      (38,073)            –
         – Associates measured at fair value through profit or loss       185,933              5         9,297             –
                                                                                              (5)       (9,297)            –
       Shanghai
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          193,066              5         9,653             –
                                                                                              (5)       (9,653)            –
         – Equity investments designated at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                                    11,619              5             –           581
                                                                                              (5)            –          (581)
       United States
         – Debt investments at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                                       3,856,601              5             –      192,830
                                                                                              (5)            –     (192,830)
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        2,046,976              5       102,349            –
                                                                                              (5)     (102,349)           –
       Europe
         – Equity investments designated at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                                 1,553,272              5             –        77,664
                                                                                              (5)            –       (77,664)
         – Debt investments at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                                      48,776,407              5             –     2,438,820
                                                                                              (5)            –    (2,438,820)
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        4,251,401              5       212,570             –
                                                                                              (5)     (212,570)            –




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
346   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2023




66. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (Continued)

   Price risk (Continued)
   2023 (Continued)


                                                                                  Increase/       Increase/
                                                                    Carrying     (decrease)      (decrease)         Increase/
                                                                   amount of   in equity or        in profit       (decrease)
   Investments listed in:                                        investments    debt prices      before tax        in equity*
                                                                    RMB’000              %         RMB’000           RMB’000
   Oceania
     – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           4,509              5              225                  –
                                                                                         (5)            (225)                 –
       – Debt investments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                      671,106              5                 –           33,555
                                                                                         (5)                –          (33,555)
   North America
     – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             22               5                 1                 –
                                                                                         (5)               (1)                –
       – Debt investments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                      140,838              5                 –            7,042
                                                                                         (5)                –           (7,042)
   Latin America
     – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         528,781              5          26,439                   –
                                                                                         (5)        (26,439)                  –
       – Debt investments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                    8,837,097              5                 –         441,855
                                                                                         (5)                –        (441,855)
   Asia
     – Equity investments designated at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                                   45,802              5                –             2,290
                                                                                         (5)               –            (2,290)
       – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        70,553              5            3,528                 –
                                                                                         (5)          (3,528)                –
       – Debt investments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                    1,561,693              5                 –           78,085
                                                                                         (5)                –          (78,085)
   Africa
     – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          29,397              5            1,470                  –
                                                                                         (5)          (1,470)                 –

   *        Excluding retained profits




                                                                                               FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                             347
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




66. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
       (Continued)

       Price risk (Continued)
       2022 (Restated)


                                                                                        Increase/    Increase/
                                                                          Carrying     (decrease)   (decrease)       Increase/
                                                                        amount of    in equity or     in profit    (decrease)
       Investments listed in:                                         investments     debt prices   before tax     in equity*
                                                                         RMB’000               %     RMB’000        RMB’000
       Hong Kong
         – Equity investments designated at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                                1,080,166               5             –        54,008
                                                                                              (5)            –       (54,008)
         – Debt investments at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                                      5,509,773               5            –        275,489
                                                                                              (5)           –       (275,489)
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       7,019,994               5      351,000              –
                                                                                              (5)    (351,000)             –
         – Associates measured at fair value through profit or loss      246,961               5       12,348              –
                                                                                              (5)     (12,348)             –
       Shenzhen
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       1,649,321               5       82,466               –
                                                                                              (5)     (82,466)              –
         – Associates measured at fair value through profit or loss      454,998               5       22,750               –
                                                                                              (5)     (22,750)              –
       Shanghai
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         557,523               5       27,876               –
                                                                                              (5)     (27,876)              –
         – Equity investments designated at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                                   11,973               5            –            599
                                                                                              (5)           –           (599)
         – Associates measured at fair value through profit or loss      213,178               5       10,659              –
                                                                                              (5)     (10,659)             –
       United States
         – Debt investments at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                                      3,503,056               5            –       175,153
                                                                                              (5)           –      (175,153)
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       2,179,742               5      108,987             –
                                                                                              (5)    (108,987)            –
       Europe
         – Equity investments designated at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                                1,525,268               5             –        76,263
                                                                                              (5)            –       (76,263)
         – Debt investments at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                                     40,502,782               5            –      2,025,139
                                                                                              (5)           –     (2,025,139)
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       6,417,824               5      315,878              –
                                                                                              (5)    (315,878)             –




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
348   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2023




66. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (Continued)

   Price risk (Continued)
   2022 (Restated) (Continued)


                                                                                   Increase/       Increase/
                                                                     Carrying     (decrease)      (decrease)          Increase/
                                                                   amount of    in equity or        in profit       (decrease)
   Investments listed in:                                        investments     debt prices      before tax        in equity*
                                                                    RMB’000               %        RMB’000           RMB’000
   Oceania
     – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           3,625              5              181                  –
                                                                                         (5)            (181)                 –
       – Debt investments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                     480,912               5                 –           24,046
                                                                                         (5)                –          (24,046)
   North America
     – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              25              5                 1                 –
                                                                                         (5)               (1)                –
       – Debt investments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                     132,305               5                 –            6,615
                                                                                         (5)                –           (6,615)
   Latin America
     – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        375,208               5           18,760                  –
                                                                                         (5)         (18,760)                 –
       – Debt investments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                   7,394,875               5                 –         369,744
                                                                                         (5)                –        (369,744)
   Asia
     – Equity investments designated at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                                  47,333               5                –             2,367
                                                                                         (5)               –            (2,367)
       – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      367,541               5           18,377                 –
                                                                                         (5)         (18,377)                –
       – Debt investments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                   1,895,419               5                 –           94,771
                                                                                         (5)                –          (94,771)
   Africa
     – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         23,598               5            1,180                  –
                                                                                         (5)          (1,180)                 –

   *        Excluding retained profits




                                                                                               FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                             349
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




66. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
       (Continued)

       Capital management
       The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and
       to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’ value.


       The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustment to it in light of changes in economic conditions. To maintain or
       adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new
       shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December
       2023 and 31 December 2022.


       The Group monitors capital using a total debt to total capital ratio, which is total debt divided by total equity plus total debt. Total
       debt includes interest-bearing bank and other borrowings. Total equity includes equity attributable to owners of the parent and
       non-controlling interests. The total debt to total capital ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:


                                                                                                              2023                      2022
                                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                                   (Restated)
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                       211,923,910             226,919,151


       Total debt                                                                                       211,923,910             226,919,151


       Total equity                                                                                     208,574,838             199,075,019


       Total equity and total debt                                                                      420,498,748             425,994,170


       Total debt to total capital ratio                                                                        50%                     53%


67. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
       Up to the approval date of financial statements, the Group had no subsequent events to be closed.


68. COMPARATIVE AMOUNTS
       As stated in note 2.2, the comparative amounts have been restated to reflect the prior period adjustments relating to the adoption
       of HKFRS 17 and the change in the presentation of all assets and liabilities to being in order of liquidity.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
350   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023




69. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
  Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                      2023                      2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000
  NON-CURRENT ASSETS
  Investments in subsidiaries                                                                    33,210,731                32,429,202
  Investments in associates                                                                         198,388                   195,564
  Deferred tax assets                                                                                59,091                    19,573
  Right-of-use assets                                                                                46,339                     9,459
  Debt investments at amortised cost                                                                      –                   296,618
  Due from subsidiaries                                                                           1,580,000                 1,580,000

  Total non-current assets                                                                       35,094,549                34,530,416

  CURRENT ASSETS
  Cash and bank balances                                                                         1,524,702                 880,936
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                          3,669,291               3,787,625
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                       –                  56,000
  Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                  934,684                 444,131
  Due from subsidiaries                                                                        102,595,371             102,207,779
  Debt investments at amortised cost                                                             1,202,184                 708,616

  Total current assets                                                                         109,926,232             108,085,087

  CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                     15,900,296                17,307,259
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                                        861,738                   841,925
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                  208,265                         –
  Accrued liabilities and other payables                                                            327,354                   252,703
  Due to subsidiaries                                                                            68,858,366                64,203,327

  Total current liabilities                                                                      86,156,019                82,605,214

  NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                             23,770,213                25,479,873

  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                          58,864,762                60,010,289

  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                     15,421,661                15,362,036
  Due to the holding company                                                                        243,561                   122,606
  Other long-term payables                                                                           46,491                         –

  Total non-current liabilities                                                                  15,711,713                15,484,642

  Net assets                                                                                     43,153,049                44,525,647

  EQUITY
  Share capital                                                                                  37,286,880                37,146,381
  Treasury shares (note)                                                                           (326,634)                 (353,338)
  Other reserves (note)                                                                           6,192,803                 7,732,604

  Total equity                                                                                   43,153,049                44,525,647


  Guo Guangchang                                                   Gong Ping
  Director                                                         Director




                                                                                                     FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                                   351
Notes to Financial Statements
Year ended 31 December 2023




69. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
       (Continued)
       Note:

       A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                                  Exchange
                                                        Treasury        Other   fluctuation   Fair value      Retained
       Investments listed in:                             shares      reserve       reserve     reserve       earnings        Total
                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
       At 1 January 2022                                (254,519)    664,320    (2,233,031)     114,369       9,124,906     7,416,045
       Final 2021 dividend                                     –           –             –            –      (2,148,152)   (2,148,152)
       Repurchase of shares                               43,473           –             –            –        (577,330)     (533,857)
       Equity-settled share-based payments              (142,292)     30,756             –            –               –      (111,536)
       Total comprehensive income for the year                 –           –     3,951,533            –      (1,194,767)    2,756,766


       At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023           (353,338)    695,076     1,718,502      114,369      5,204,657     7,379,266


       Final 2022 dividend                                       –          –            –            –       (103,349)     (103,349)
       Repurchase of shares                                 13,659          –            –            –       (194,088)     (180,429)
       Equity-settled share-based payments                  13,045     14,543            –            –              –        27,588
       Total comprehensive loss for
          the year                                               –          –      634,001            –      (1,890,908)   (1,256,907)


       At 31 December 2023                              (326,634)    709,619     2,352,503      114,369      3,016,312     5,866,169



70. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2024.




      FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
352   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                           Corporate Information


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                           COMPANY SECRETARY
Guo Guangchang (Chairman)                     Sze Mei Ming
Wang Qunbin (Co-Chairman)
Chen Qiyu (Co-Chief Executive Officer)
Xu Xiaoliang (Co-Chief Executive Officer)
                                              AUTHORIZED
Qin Xuetang (resigned on 17 February 2023)    REPRESENTATIVES
Gong Ping
                                              Huang Zhen (appointed on 17 February 2023)
Huang Zhen
                                              Qin Xuetang (resigned on 17 February 2023)
Pan Donghui (appointed on 29 March 2023)      Sze Mei Ming

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                       AUDITORS
Zhuang Yuemin (resigned on 2 February 2023)   Ernst & Young
Yu Qingfei                                    Certified Public Accountants
Li Shupei                                     Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Li Fuhua (appointed on 2 February 2023)       27th floor, One Taikoo Place
                                              979 King´s Road, Quarry Bay

INDEPENDENT NON-                              Hong Kong

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                           PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Zhang Shengman                                China Development Bank
Zhang Huaqiao                                 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
David T. Zhang                                Bank of China
Lee Kai-Fu                                    Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Tsang King Suen Katherine                     China Merchants Bank
                                              Ping An Bank

AUDIT COMMITTEE                               China Minsheng Bank
                                              China Construction Bank
Zhang Shengman (Chairman)                     China CITIC Bank
David T. Zhang                                Bank of Shanghai
Lee Kai-Fu                                    The Export-Import Bank of China
Tsang King Suen Katherine                     Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
                                              Bank of East Asia
                                              Standard Chartered Bank
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                        Natixis Bank
                                              Citi Bank
Zhang Huaqiao (Chairman)
Zhang Shengman
David T. Zhang                                REGISTERED OFFICE
Lee Kai-Fu                                    Room 808, ICBC Tower
Tsang King Suen Katherine                     3 Garden Road
                                              Central
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                          Hong Kong

David T. Zhang (Chairman)
Zhang Shengman
                                              SHARE REGISTRAR
Zhang Huaqiao                                 Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Lee Kai-Fu                                    17M Floor
Tsang King Suen Katherine                     Hopewell Centre
                                              183 Queen’s Road East
                                              Wanchai
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND                     Hong Kong
GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
Lee Kai-Fu (Chairman)
                                              STOCK CODE
Qin Xuetang (resigned on 17 February 2023)    00656
Zhang Shengman
Zhang Huaqiao
David T. Zhang
                                              WEBSITE
Tsang King Suen Katherine                     http://www.fosun.com




                                                                                  FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                353
Glossary


FORMULA
Capital employed                         =   equity attributable to owners of the parent + total debt
EBITDA                                   =   profit for the year + tax + net interest expenditures + depreciation and amortisation
Interest coverage                        =   EBITDA/net interest expenditures
Net debt                                 =   total debt – cash and bank balances and term deposits
Net interest expenditures                =   Interest expenses, net + interest on discounted bills
Total debt                               =   current and non-current interest-bearing bank and other borrowings
Total debt to total capital ratio        =   total debt/(shareholder’s equity + total debt)


ABBREVIATIONS
AmeriTrust                                   AmeriTrust Group, Inc.
Amgen                                        Amgen Inc., a company whose shares are listed on the NASDAQ with stock code AMGN
Articles of Association                      the current articles of association of the Company with the latest amendments made on 17
                                                June 2008
BabyTree                                     BabyTree Group, a company whose shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with
                                                stock code 01761
Baihe Jiayuan                                Baihe Jiayuan Network Group Co., Ltd* (百合佳緣網絡集團股份有限公司)
BCP                                          Banco Comercial Português, S.A., a company whose shares are listed on the Euronext Lisbon
                                                with stock code BCP
Board                                        the board of Directors
Bohe Health                                  Bohe Health Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海薄荷健康科技股份有限公司)
Cainiao                                      Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited (菜鳥智慧物流網絡有限公司)
Cenexi                                       Phixen, sociétépar actions simplifiée
CG Code                                      Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules
Club Med                                     Club Med SAS
Company or Fosun International               Fosun International Limited
Director(s)                                  the director(s) of the Company
Easun Technology                             Shanghai Easun Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海翌耀科技股份有限公司)
EMEA                                         Europe, Middle East, and Africa
ESG                                          Environmental, Social and Governance
EUR                                          Euro, the lawful currency of the Eurozone
FC2M                                         Fosun/Family Client-to-Maker
FES                                          Fosun Entrepreneurship/Ecosystem System, a business management system with high
                                                management efficiency that continuously evolves in practice in order to build the
                                                core competitiveness of a time-honored enterprise and cultivate talents with Fosun’s
                                                entrepreneurial spirit
Fidelidade or Fosun Insurance Portugal       Fidelidade – Companhia de Seguros, S.A.
Fosun Capital                                Shanghai Fosun Capital Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (上海復星創富投資管理股份有限
                                                公司)




       FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
354    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                     Glossary




Fosun Foundation                Shanghai Fosun Foundation
Fosun Health                    Shanghai Fosun Health and Technology (Group Co., Ltd. * (上海復星健康科技(集團)有限公司)
Fosun High Technology           Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co., Ltd.* (上海復星高科技(集團)有限公司)
Fosun Holdings                  Fosun Holdings Limited
Fosun Industrial Development    Shanghai Fosun Industrial Technology Development Co., Ltd.* (上海復星工業技術發展有限公司)
Fosun Industrial Investment     Shanghai Fosun Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (上海復星產業投資有限公司)
Fosun International Holdings    Fosun International Holdings Ltd.
Fosun Kite                      Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd.* (復星凱特生物科技有限公司)
Fosun Pharma                    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.* (上海復星醫藥(集團)股份有限公司), a
                                  company whose A shares are listed on the SSE with stock code 600196, and whose H
                                  shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 02196
Fosun Sports                    Fosun Sports Group S.à r.l.
Fosun Trade                     Hainan Fosun Trading Co., Ltd. * (海南復星商社貿易有限公司)
Fosun United Health Insurance   Fosun United Health Insurance Co., Ltd.* (復星聯合健康保險股份有限公司)
Fosun Wealth                    Fosun International Securities Limited (復星國際證券有限公司)
FTG                             Fosun Tourism Group, a company whose shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                  with stock code 01992
Gland Pharma                    Gland Pharma Limited, a company whose shares are listed on the National Stock Exchange
                                  of India Limited and BSE Limited with stock code GLAND
Group or Fosun or us            the Company and its subsidiaries
Guide                           Guide Investimentos S.A. Corretora de Valores
Hainan Mining                   Hainan Mining Co., Ltd.* (海南礦業股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the
                                   SSE with stock code 601969
HAL                             Hauck Aufhäuser Lampe Privatbank AG
HKD                             Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
Hong Kong                       the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC
Hong Kong Stock Exchange        The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
IDERA                           IDERA Capital Management Ltd.
IGI Group                       International Gemmological Institute B.V., International Gemmological Institute (India) Private
                                   Limited and IGI Netherlands B.V.
INR                             Indian Rupee, the lawful currency of India
Intuitive Fosun                 Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* (直觀復星醫療器械技術(上
                                   海)有限公司)
Intuitive Surgical              Intuitive Surgical Inc., a company whose shares are listed on the NASDAQ with stock code
                                   ISRG
JEVE                            Tianjin EV Energies Co., Ltd.* (天津市捷威動力工業有限公司)
Jianlong Shares                 25.7033% equity interest in Tianjin Jianlong Iron & Steel Industrial Co., Ltd. (天津建龍鋼鐵實
                                   業有限公司), 26.6667% equity interest in Jianlong Steel Holdings Co., Ltd. (建龍鋼鐵控股
                                   有限公司), 26.6667% equity interest in Beijing Northern Jianlong Industrial Co., Ltd. (北京
                                   北方建龍實業有限公司), 26.6667% equity interest in Janeboat Holdings Ltd.
Jinhui Liquor                   Jinhui Liquor Co., Ltd.* (金徽酒股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the SSE
                                   with stock code 603919
JPY                             Japanese yen, the lawful currency of Japan
Kite Pharma                     KP EU C.V.
Lanvin Group                    Lanvin Group Holdings Limited (復朗集團), a company whose shares are listed on the NYSE
                                   with stock code LANV
Listing Rules                   the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
Luz Saúde                       Luz Saúde, S.A.




                                                                                              FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                            355
Glossary




Macau                                  the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC
Model Code                             the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in
                                         Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules
Multicare                              Multicare – Seguros de Saúde, S.A.
Nanjing Nangang                        Nanjing Nangang Iron & Steel United Co., Ltd.* (南京南鋼鋼鐵聯合有限公司)
NASDAQ                                 National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations
NEEQ                                   National Equities Exchange and Quotations
NYSE                                   The New York Stock Exchange
Organon                                Organon LLC
PAREF                                  Paris Realty Fund SA, a company whose shares are listed on the Euronext Paris with stock
                                         code PAR
Peak Reinsurance                       Peak Reinsurance Company Limited
Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance         Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance Co., Ltd.* (復星保德信人壽保險有限公司)
PRC or China                           the People’s Republic of China, which, for the purpose of this report, excludes Hong Kong,
                                         Macau and Taiwan region.
Reporting Period                       the year ended 31 December 2023
RMB                                    Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC
ROC                                    Roc Oil Company Pty Limited
Sanyuan Foods                          Beijing Sanyuan Foods Co., Ltd.* (北京三元食品股份有限公司), a company whose shares are
                                          listed on the SSE with stock code 600429
SFO                                    the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)
Shagang Group                          Jiangsu Shagang Group Co., Ltd* (江蘇沙鋼集團有限公司)
Shagang Investment                     Jiangsu Shagang Group Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇沙鋼集團投資控股有限公司)
Shanghai Henlius                       Shanghai Henlius Biotech, Inc.* (上海復宏漢霖生物技術股份有限公司), a company whose
                                          shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 02696
Shanghai Zhuli                         Shanghai Zhuli Investment Co., Ltd.* (上海助立投資有限公司)
Share(s)                               the share(s) of the Company
Shede Spirits                          Shede Spirits Co., Ltd.* (舍得酒業股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the
                                          SSE with stock code 600702
Sinopharm                              Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd.* (國藥控股股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on
                                          the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 01099
Sisram                                 Sisram Medical Ltd, a company whose shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                          with stock code 01696
SSE                                    the Shanghai Stock Exchange
USD                                    United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
Wansheng                               Zhejiang Wansheng Co., Ltd* (浙江萬盛股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on
                                          the SSE with stock code 603010
Yong’An P&C Insurance                  Yong’An Property Insurance Company Limited* (永安財產保險股份有限公司)
Yuyuan                                 Shanghai Yuyuan Tourist Mart (Group) Co., Ltd.* (上海豫園旅遊商城(集團)股份有限公司), a
                                          company whose shares are listed on the SSE with stock code 600655

*
    For identification purpose only.




         FOSUN INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
356      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
