CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG) LIMITED   STOCK CODE : 762   ANN U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Strengthening   Connectivity
                     Using advanced communication technologies, the Company
                     enhanced the robustness of connectivity, and made
                     preemptive deployments on space-ground integrated
                     network, so as to build an intelligent, ubiquitous, high-
                     speed, efficient, and reliable digital backbone.

                     •   Our network coverage continued to deepen, with the
                         number of 4G/5G base stations exceeding 4.7 million.

                     •   Net additions of mobile and broadband users reached
                         20.93 million, hitting a new high in recent years.

                     •   Integrated penetration rate increased to ＞78%, with
                         the ARPU of integrated subscribers staying at over
                         RMB100.
                   Enhancing
Computing
Power
The Company continued to promote the integrated
development of cloud, network, edge, and devices with
new algorithms and technologies, build edge computing
clusters, and deploy multi-dimensional distributed nodes,
in order to strengthen its computing power network.

•   Intelligent computing capability was substantially
    enhanced, with intelligent computing scale reaching
    45 EFLOPS.

•   Revenue from Unicom Cloud, IDC, and artificial
    intelligence grew rapidly.
                                                     Optimising

Services
By penetrating industries and integrating into scenarios, the
Company created differentiated products and provided high-
quality services, winning high recognition and long-term trust
from customers.

•   Scale of cloud-AI business expanded rapidly, with the users
    of cloud-AI products exceeding 300 million.

•   Promoted the integrated development of “AI + industrial
    scenarios”, implementing ＞9,000 5G factories.
Ensuring
           Security
                By applying cutting-edge technologies, the Company
                achieved network and data independence and
                controllability, effectively managing risks, thereby
                building a solid foundation for national security.

                •   The Company’ s data security governance
                    capability continuously strengthened, and
                    became the first and only company in China to
                    achieve the highest Level 5 rating in the
                    National Data Security Maturity Model
                    (DSMM) assessment.

                •   Launched the Unicom Security Guardian, which
                    served 210 million users and offered peace of
                    mind in communication and safeguarded
                    property security.
                                     3                                                                                                                               20
                                             Shareholding Structure                                                                                                          Financial Overview
                                                                                                                16
2                                                                                                                       Business Overview

    Company Profile                                                        4
                                                                                Performance Highlights                                           28
                                                                                                                                                       Directors and Senior Management

          6
                                                                                                               26
               Major Events
                                                              8                                                     Recognition and Awards
                                                                       Chairman’ s Statement                                                             40
                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




Contents
                                                                                                                      76
                                                                                                                           Report of Directors




                                                                                                                                            94
                                                                                                                                                 Human Resources Development

                      FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
                      Certain statements contained in this report may be viewed as “forward-looking
                      statements”. Such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks,
                      uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual performance, financial
                      condition or results of operations of the Company to be materially different from any
                                                                                                                                                 96      Independent Auditor’ s Report
                      future performance, financial condition or results of operations implied by such
                                                                                                                                                 101     Consolidated Statement of Income
                      forward-looking statements. In addition, we do not intend to update these forward-
                                                                                                                                                 102     Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                      looking statements. Neither the Company nor the directors, employees or agents of the
                                                                                                                                                 103     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                      Company assume any liabilities in the event that any of the forward-looking statements
                                                                                                                                                 106     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                      does not materialise or turns out to be incorrect.
                                                                                                                                                 107     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                                                                                 110     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                 214     Financial Summary
                                                                                                                                                 216     Corporate Information
                                                                                                                                                 217     Corporate Culture
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Hong Kong on 8 February
2000 and was listed on the New York Stock Exchange# and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
on 21 June 2000 and 22 June 2000 respectively. On 1 June 2001, the Company was included as a
constituent stock of the Hang Seng Index. The Company merged with China Netcom Group Corporation
(Hong Kong) Limited on 15 October 2008.
                                                                                                                    Shareholding                                                                                  Structure
China Unicom establishes branches in 31 provinces in China (including autonomous regions and
municipalities) and multiple countries and regions overseas. The Company’ s telecommunication network
                                                                                                                                                                                        CHINA UNITED NETWORK
and global customer service system covers China and connects to the world. The Company has been one of                    CHINA UNITED NETWORK                                          COMMUNICATIONS                                         63.5%
the “Fortune Global 500” companies for consecutive years, and ranked 269th in “Fortune Global 500”                        COMMUNICATIONS GROUP                                          LIMITED
for the year 2025. It was also voted as “Most Honored Telecom Company” in 2025 for the tenth                              COMPANY LIMITED                                               (Issued shares: approximately
                                                                                                                                                                      36.5%             31.3 billion shares)




                       Company
consecutive year by Extel (formerly Institutional Investor).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Strategic investors*,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             employee restrictive
                                                                                                                                                                                                    82.1%                                    incentive share**
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             and other public
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             shareholders
                                                                                                                                                            17.9%                    China Unicom (BVI) Limited



                                                                                                          Profile
                                                                                                                                   100%
                                                                                                                                                                                                    53.5%                                        Public
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Shareholders
China Unicom earnestly fulfills its political, economic, and social responsibilities. It adheres to the
principles of upholding integrity and innovation and focusing on main responsibilities and main businesses,
taking “Preserve and Innovate, Steady and Far-reaching” as the main keynote for the Company’ s                            China Unicom                                            CHINA UNICOM
development during the “15th Five-Year” period. With “connectivity”, “computing power”, “service”,                                                              ***
                                                                                                                          Group Corporation                26.4%                  (HONG KONG) LIMITED                                              20.1%
and “security” as the core arenas for fulfilling its responsibilities as a central state-owned enterprise, the            (BVI) Limited                                           (Issued shares: approximately
Company is transitioning from a “basic pipeline provider” to an “integrated digital service provider”,                                                                            30.6 billion shares)
acting as the “national team and backbone of the information and communications industry”. It fully
exerts its influence in technological innovation, industrial control, and security support.


                                                                                                                                                                                      100%                          100%




                                                                                                                                                      CHINA UNITED NETWORK
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   CHINA UNICOM
                                                                                                                                                      COMMUNICATIONS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   GLOBAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                      CORPORATION LIMITED


                                                                                                                    *      In 2017, approximately 10.9 billion shares of China United Network Communications Limited were acquired by the strategic investors introduced
                                                                                                                           by the mixed ownership reform through non public share issuance and transfer of existing shares. These shares were no longer restricted from
                                                                                                                           sale in November 2020.
                                                                                                                    **     Pursuant to the phase 2 restrictive share incentive scheme in 2022, China United Network Communications Limited granted restricted shares to
Note:                                                                                                                      the core management talents and professional talents.
                                                                                                                    ***    Excluded the interest regarding the pre-emptive right owned by China Unicom Group Corporation (BVI) Limited in 225,722,791 shares of the
#       The Company’ s ADSs were delisted from the New York Stock Exchange on 18 May 2021. Please refer to                 Company.
        the Company’ s announcement dated 23 July 2021 for details.                                                                                                                                                                          As at 31 December 2025


2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     3
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




Performance
                                                                                                                                                      FREE CASH FLOW1
                                                                                                                                                      (RMB BIL)

                                                                                                                                                      2025




                                                                                                     Highlights
                                                                                                                                                      36.0                                                                           DATA CENTRE REVENUE
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (RMB BIL)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                                                                                                     ^28.5%
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHT (RMB billions)                                                                                                                                                                                                  28.1
 Operating Revenue
                                                                                             2025

                                                                                            392.22
                                                                                                               2024

                                                                                                             389.59
                                                                                                                           Change YoY

                                                                                                                                 0.7%
                                                                                                                                                      INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS                                                                     ^8.5%
                                                                                                                                                      REVENUE (RMB BIL)
 Service Revenue                                                                            347.74           345.98              0.5%
                                                                                                                                                      2025


                                                                                                                                                      13.6
 Net Profit1                                                                                 20.82            20.61              1.0%
 Basic EPS (RMB)                                                                             0.680            0.674              1.0%
 Dividend per share2 (RMB)                                                                  0.4170           0.4043              3.1%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     5G PRIVATE NETWORK
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     REVENUE (RMB BIL)
Note 1: Net profit represented profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                                                                                                       ^9.2%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    12.3
Note 2: The proposed 2025 final dividend of RMB0.1329 per share is subject to approval by the shareholders at the annual general meeting.
        Together with the interim dividend of RMB0.2841 per share already paid, total dividend for the year is RMB0.4170 per share.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ^51%
                                                                                                                                            1. Free cash flow represents operating cash flow less capital expenditure. However, it is a
                                                                                                                                                non-GAAP financial measure which does not have a standardised meaning and therefore may
                                                                                                                                                not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.




4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          5
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




     Major                                               Events
                                   JANUARY 2025                                  MAY 2025                                     OCTOBER 2025                                  DECEMBER 2025

                                   China Unicom Yuanjing RAG* technology         China Unicom launched post-quantum           China Unicom officially received regulatory   The nation’ s first National AI Application
                                   was among the first batch to pass the         security mobile phone, marking a major       approval to conduct commercial trial          Pilot-Scale Testing Base focusing on mobile
                                   evaluation by the China Academy of            breakthrough in communications security in   operations for eSIM mobile services,          terminals was officially unveiled. China
                                   Information and Communications                the quantum era.                             marking another key milestone following the   Unicom played an important role in the
                                   Technology (CAICT) and received the                                                        Company’ s years of technological             base’ s development, helping enterprises
                                   highest 4+ rating, it has been successfully                                                accumulation and practical exploration in     accelerate digital and intelligent upgrades
                                   deployed across multiple projects for both                                                 the eSIM field.                               from R&D and design through to
                                   China Unicom and external enterprise                                                                                                     manufacturing.
                                   clients, serving as a key engine for                                                       China Unicom outlined the 6G green
                                   supporting enterprises’ intelligent                                                        network development vision of “Intelligent    China Unicom UniAI Wanwu Government
                                   transformation.                                                                            and Simplified — Green Energy and Carbon      Intelligent Agent Development Platform
                                                                                                                              Reduction”, setting clear emissions-          received the highest 4+ rating from the
                                   *   Retrieval-Augmented Generation                                                         reduction targets and supporting the          China Academy of Information and
                                                                                                                              industry’ s communications-related            Communications Technology (CAICT),
                                                                                                                              decarbonization goals toward 2030.            demonstrating industry-leading capabilities
                                                                                                                                                                            across core functions, business scenarios,
                                                                                                                                                                            and service applications.




6                                                                                                                                                                                                                         7
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




           Chairman’s                                  Statement
                                                                   OVERALL RESULTS
                                                                   Achieving stability with preservation. Operating revenue reached RMB392.2 billion. Profit before
                                                                   income tax was RMB25.5 billion. Return on equity1 reached 5.7%, and free cash flow2 reached
                                                                   RMB36.0 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.5%. Seeking long-term growth through
                                                                   innovation. Seizing opportunities from the new round of technological and industrial innovation, the
                                                                   Company implemented “AI+” initiatives. Revenue contribution from strategic emerging industries reached
                                                                   over 86%. The computing power business revenue3 ratio reached over 15%, representing an increase of
                                                                   1.1 percentage points over the previous year. AI revenue4 grew by over 140% year-on-year. International
                                                                   business revenue reached RMB13.6 billion, representing year-on-year growth of over 9%. The Company’ s
                                                                   capital expenditure (CAPEX) for the full year was RMB54.2 billion, with the ratio of CAPEX to service
                                                                   revenue declining to 16%. By deepening co-build co-share and building an ultra-lean network, about
                                                                   RMB1.35 billion in operating costs were saved annually, enhancing investment efficiency. The CAPEX for
                                                                   2026 is expected to be approximately RMB50 billion, of which investment in computing power will
                                                                   account for more than 35%.


                                                                   The Company’ s achievement of these decent results would not have been possible without the long-term
                                                                   trust of our customers and shareholders, nor the full support of the society. These results are attributable
                                                                   to our proactive efforts and pursuit of excellence across four core arenas.

            Dear Shareholders,
                                                                   ENHANCING THE BREADTH AND DEPTH OF “CONNECTIVITY”
                                                                   As the foundation of the Company, “connectivity” serves as the “stabiliser” for our overall revenue and
            Concluding the “14th Five-Year Plan”
                                                                   profit. We improved network coverage, enhanced network quality, and extended connectivity from mobile
            and planning for the “15th Five-Year
                                                                   and broadband networks to Internet of Things (IoT), Internet of Vehicles (IoV) and Industrial Internet, as
            Plan”, the Company adhered to the
                                                                   well as driving evolution towards low-altitude intelligent Internet and satellite Internet to meet the
            keynote of “Preserve and Innovate,
                                                                   demand for high-speed, ubiquitous, intelligent, efficient, stable and reliable connectivity.
            Steady and Far-Reaching”. Focusing
            on the four core arenas of
                                                                   Enhancing network capabilities. We implemented the “Signal Upgrade” and “Broadband Upgrade”
            “connectivity”, “computing power”,
                                                                   initiatives and bolstered efforts in network co-build, co-share, co-maintain and co-optimise. Our mobile
            “service”, and “security”, we made
                                                                   network population coverage rate exceeded 99%, and the network experience in key scenarios were
            solid strides in high-quality
                                                                   recognised by customers. 5G-A base stations were deployed in more than 330 cities. We promoted gigabit
            development.
                                                                   broadband capacity expansion and 10-gigabit broadband upgrade, with nearly 90% of our broadband
                                                                   ports being gigabit-ready. Pre-commercial trials of 10-gigabit optical fibre networks have been launched
                                                                   in more than 100 cities. We also made deployments in frontier fields such as 6G and quantum
                                                                   communications, and launched quantum-secure leased lines.

                                            Dong Xin
               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer




8                                                                                                                                                                             9
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Chairman’s Statement




                              Expanding connectivity scenarios. The Company’ s total connectivity subscriber scale5 exceeded 1.2
                              billion, representing an increase of 110 million from the previous year. We insisted on the integrated
                              development of broadband and mobile services, achieving a net addition of over 20 million subscribers.
                              The integrated business penetration rate exceeded 78% with the ARPU of integrated packages remaining
                              at over RMB100. We accelerated scenario-oriented transformation. The number of IoT connections
                              exceeded 700 million, and we consolidated our leading advantage in the IoV market. 5G private network
                              revenue reached RMB12.3 billion, representing year-on-year growth of over 50%. Seizing opportunities
                              in the low-altitude economy, we built a low-altitude intelligent network that integrates communication,
                              sensing, navigation, and computing. We obtained the operating permit for satellite mobile communication
                              services and promoted the scale development of satellite direct-to-device applications.


                              In the future, with “connectivity” as our foundation, we will iteratively upgrade communication
                              technologies, precisely and efficiently build network infrastructure, and enhance the breadth, depth, and
                              precision of our coverage. We will improve the robustness of connectivity, deepen scale-based value
                              operation, and build unobstructed information “arteries” and “neurons” for economic and social
                              development.


                              PROVIDING FASTER AND MORE PRECISE “COMPUTING POWER”
                              “Computing power” unleashes the Company’ s innovation momentum and is the “booster” for revenue
                              growth. We strengthened computing-network as well as cloud-network integration, bolstered the tiered
                              deployment, orchestration and allocation of computing power resources, enhanced the competitiveness of
                              Unicom Cloud, and supported the R&D and application of Big Data and artificial intelligence, seizing new
                              industry opportunities with new technological capabilities.


                              Building intelligent computing clusters. Data centre revenue was RMB28.1 billion, representing an
                              increase of 8.5% year-on-year. We strengthened resource buildout at the “Eastern Data, Western
                              Computing” hub nodes and green computing-power coordination demonstration provinces. The number of
                              standard cabinets6 exceeded 1.10 million, and seven 100 MW-grade AIDC campuses have been built. The
                              utilisation rate of cabinets exceeded 72%, and the scale of intelligent computing reached 45 EFLOPS.
                              We accelerated the construction of the new “Eight Vertical and Eight Horizontal” backbone optical fibre
                              cable network, adding more than 9,000 kilometres to achieve the interconnection of computing power hub
                              nodes and serve coordinated regional development.




10
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




Upgrading Unicom Cloud. We accelerated the evolution of Unicom Cloud towards AI cloud, deepened
hyperscale intelligent cloud-native implementations, enhanced centralised orchestration and allocation
capabilities, and built a new computing power business model of “applications + models + resources”,
supporting the construction of government clouds for over 180 provinces and municipalities, empowering
the digital and intelligent transformation of nearly 400,000 corporate customers, establishing the brand
image of “AI Smart Select Unicom Cloud”. Unicom Cloud revenue7 increased by 5.2% year-on-year.


Open digital intelligence platform. The Company constructed national AI application pilot bases and
launched the UniAI Wanxiang data engineering platform, the UniAI MaaS platform, and the UniAI
Wanwu intelligent agent platform. With these platforms, it formed over 400 TB of high-quality datasets,
offered over 140 mainstream models, and gathered more than 10,000 developers to help customers
rapidly build intelligent agent applications.


In the future, focusing on “computing power”, we will build out our computing power infrastructure in a
moderately advance manner, and enhance the integrated operations of our computing power service
platform. We will use new algorithms and technologies to promote the integrated development of cloud,
network, edge, and terminals, making computing power accessible on demand like water and electricity,
thereby creating a core engine for new quality productivity.


OFFERING MORE TAILORED AND REFINED SERVICES
“Services” expands the scale value of the Company and serves as an “accelerator” for revenue growth.
We emphasised an application-oriented approach, relying on our centralised product R&D capabilities and
localised fulfilment and operation teams to promote the integrated innovation of digital technologies such
as 5G and AI. We created differentiated products and high-quality services, enhanced customer
perception, and strengthened our brand influence and industry leadership.


Facilitating digital consumption. We enriched our cloud-AI products, which served over 300 million
users with revenue increasing by more than 11% year-on-year. We promoted innovation in eSIM
applications, benefiting nearly 3 million users. We created the smart home hub “UniBOX Tongtong” to
provide a new experience of digital smart living. We launched a customer service AI agent, with smart
customer service ratio reaching over 85%.




                                                                                                         11
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Chairman’s Statement




                              Serving new industrialisation. We upgraded the “5G + Industrial Internet” product system. The Gewu
                              Industrial Internet Platform was consecutively named as a national Class A cross-industry and cross-
                              domain platform, supporting the unified management and collaborative operation of over ten thousand
                              embodied intelligence robots. We strengthened integrated IoV operation, serving over 95 million vehicles
                              and facilitating the overseas expansion of new energy vehicles.


                              Empowering digital government. We iterated key products such as economic development platform, AI
                              call centre (AICC), and “Labour Connect” smart governance platform to help enhance the government’ s
                              economic regulation, administrative services, and labour governance.


                              Accelerating international development. We enhanced the capacity of Asia-Pacific, Asia-Americas, and
                              Asia-Africa-Europe backbone channels. We promoted the internationalisation of our smart home
                              products. We implemented benchmark projects such as smart manufacturing in ASEAN, smart
                              warehousing in the Middle East, smart mining in Africa, and smart ports in Europe, facilitating the
                              high-quality joint construction of the “Belt and Road” initiative.


                              Reshaping brand system. We demonstrated the strength of our corporate brands “China Unicom” and
                              “UniCom”, enhanced the recognition of our customer brands “Unicom Smart Home”, “Unicom WO
                              Pai”, and “Unicom Smart Business”, and elevated the value of our product brands “Unicom Cloud”,
                              “UniAI”, “Unicom Yunxi”, “Unicom Gewu”, and “Unicom Mogong”.


                              In the future, we will be service-oriented. Focusing on scenario-based and personalised customer needs, we
                              will strengthen product innovation and deepen intelligent operations. We aim to accurately identify, rapidly
                              understand, and efficiently satisfy demand, achieving “one enterprise, one policy “and “one person, one
                              screen, one privilege”, in order to act as a service provider that reaches thousands of households and
                              penetrates various industries.


                              BUILDING MORE ROBUST AND STRONGER “SECURITY”
                              “Security” manifests the Company’ s mission and responsibility. It is the “support” of the Company’ s
                              steady and long-term growth. We adhered to bottom-line and worst-case scenario thinking, safeguarded
                              national security, and enhanced industrial chain resilience, so as to ensure the Company’ s stable
                              operations, showing commitment to “top national priority” and our “corporate duty”.


                              Strengthening our technological power. We promoted AI-powered security as well as the security of
                              AI, achieving deep integration of artificial intelligence and data security, and was the first and only
                              enterprise to pass the highest-level accreditation of the national Data Security Maturity Model (DSMM).




12
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




Activating product momentum. The Company built a network security product system around its
“Mogong” security operation service platform, providing customised solutions and creating a growth
driver for its security business. We launched the Unicom Security Guardian, which served 210 million
users and offered peace of mind in communication and safeguarded property security.


Fostering a prosperous industrial ecosystem. Establishing an integrated development platform for the
cybersecurity industry, we joined hands with more than 300 cybersecurity enterprises to form an
industrial development paradigm led by central state-owned enterprises with support from large, medium,
and small enterprises.


Ensuring communications security. We successfully completed major communication support tasks for
the Fourth Plenary Session of the 20th CPC Central Committee, the Two Sessions, the 80th anniversary
of the victory of the War of Resistance, the Harbin Asian Winter Games, and the 15th National Games.
These efforts reinforced and demonstrated our leading support capabilities and sharpened our brand as a
“Model Central State-owned Enterprise” for major event support.


In the future, we will use “security” as our shield, implement a holistic view of national security, adhere to
the security bottom line, reinforce the safety defense line, and enhance technological advancement and
reliability. We will transform our security capabilities into security value that is perceivable by customers
and safeguard the high-quality development of the economy and society.


ACTIVELY FULFILLING CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
The Company was recognised as “Most Committed to ESG in China” by FinanceAsia and was awarded
the “Sustainable Asia Award” at the “15th Asian Excellence Awards 2025” organised by Corporate
Governance Asia. Adhering to green development, the Company promoted the application of energy-saving
technologies. Energy consumption per unit of data traffic decreased by 12.9% year-on-year and the power
usage effectiveness (PUE) of our data centres improved by 5% year-on-year. We engaged in public
welfare services, sending over 50 billion public welfare SMSs and emergency messages during the year. We
also promoted the construction of digital villages and empowered the upgrade of the agricultural industry,
implementing over 2,500 benchmark projects. Corporate governance was improved, and the Company was
named “Most Honored Telecom Company” by Extel (formerly Institutional Investor) for ten consecutive
years.




                                                                                                           13
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Chairman’s Statement




                              SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
                              The Company attaches great importance to shareholder returns. While achieving steady growth in
                              operating results, the Company is committed to sharing the fruits of development with shareholders. The
                              Board of Directors proposed a final dividend8 of RMB0.1329 per share (pre-tax). Together with the
                              interim dividend of RMB0.2841 per share (pre-tax) already paid, the total dividend for 2025 will be
                              RMB0.417 per share (pre-tax), representing a year-on-year increase of 3.1%, with the dividend payout
                              ratio increasing to 61.3%.


                              OUTLOOK
                              There is an ancient Chinese saying: “Concluding and commencing constitute change. Streaming and
                              flowing lead the way.” The Two Sessions concluded recently have brought significant development
                              opportunities for the information and communications industry, instilling confidence in the Company’ s
                              high-quality development during the “15th Five-Year Plan” period. In 2026, the Company will remain
                              committed to its founding aspiration and mission, and adhere to the keynote of “Preserve and Innovate,
                              Steady and Far-reaching”, focusing on the core arenas of “connectivity”, “computing power”, “service”
                              and “security”. It will pursue a differentiated development path in order to promote new achievements in
                              its high-quality development, creating greater value for shareholders, customers and the society.


                              Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all
                              shareholders, customers and all sectors of society for their long-standing care and support for the
                              Company, and to all employees for their continuous efforts and contributions!




                              Dong Xin
                              Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


                              Hong Kong, 19 March 2026




14
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




Note 1: Return on equity(ROE) = Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company during the period/
        Average balance of equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company at the beginning and end
        of the period.


Note 2: Free cash flow represents operating cash flow less capital expenditure. However, it is a non-GAAP
        financial measure which does not have a standardised meaning and therefore may not be comparable to
        similar measures presented by other companies.


Note 3: Computing power business revenue = computing service revenue + data centre revenue. Computing power
        business revenue ratio = computing power business revenue/service revenue.


Note 4: AI revenue mainly includes revenue from intelligent computing services, model and agent applications,
        data services and related businesses.


Note 5: Total connectivity subscriber scale = aggregate number of mobile billing subscribers + aggregate number
        of fixed-line broadband subscribers + aggregate number of fixed-line local access subscribers +
        aggregate number of Internet-of-things terminal connections + aggregate number of networking leased
        line subscribers.


Note 6: Number of standard cabinets is calculated based on 2.5 kW per cabinet.


Note 7: Unicom Cloud revenue includes revenue from cloud IDC, cloud resources, cloud platform, cloud service,
        cloud integration, cloud interconnection, cloud security, etc. generated from integrated innovative
        solutions.


Note 8: The proposed 2025 final dividend is subject to approval at the annual general meeting of the Company.




                                                                                                              15
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




                Business
                  Overview
                             In 2025, China Unicom adhered to the principle of seeking progress while
                          maintaining stability and promoting stability through progress, earnestly fulfilled
                             its economic, political, and social responsibilities, and actively exerted its
                           influence in technological innovation, industrial control, and security support.
                          The pace of high-quality development increasingly stepped up, achieving a sound
                            conclusion to the “14th Five-Year” and laying a solid foundation for a good
                                                   start to the “15th Five-Year”.




16
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




The connectivity business achieved steady development. Firstly, the Company made every effort to
stabilise operations and promote development, achieving positive progress in coordinating
effective quality enhancement and reasonable quantity growth. The total number of connectivity
subscribers continued to increase, with the scale of mobile and broadband subscribers reaching a
historical high. Mobile billing subscriber scale exceeded 357 million, with a cumulative net increase of
13.32 million. Fixed-line broadband subscriber scale exceeded 129 million, with a cumulative net increase
of 7.61 million. Secondly, the Company drove integrated development through breakthroughs in
broadband and solidified the foundation for sustainable development. Through the implementation
pathway of “expanding the scale of broadband, adding new elements via integration, promoting
development via integration, and enhancing value via integration”, the Company implemented precise
strategic adjustments. The subscriber quality continued to improve, and the subscriber structure was
continuously optimised. The penetration rate of integrated business increased to 78.3%, and the value of
new mobile and broadband subscribers was better than last year. Thirdly, the Company penetrated
family integration business through product innovation and created a second revenue growth
curve. The Company actively seized opportunities in artificial intelligence development, deepened “AI +
product innovation”, strengthened multi-application integration and multi-scenario integration, and
accelerated the cloudification and intelligent upgrade of smart home products. It focused on core smart
home portals and control hubs, and rolled out various deeply customised terminal products such as
“UniBOX Tongtong”. The development of Cloud-AI products such as Unicom Cloud Drive, Unicom UHD,
Unicom Home Monitoring, and Cloud-AI handsets/computers accelerated, with Cloud-AI products users
exceeding 300 million, gradually forming a new momentum for revenue growth. The Company
accelerated the integration of “terminal, network, cloud, intelligence and security”, achieving
continuous breakthroughs in the Internet of Things (IoT) business. The scale of IoT connections
reached 720 million, with an increase of 98.33 million. Expansion in the new energy vehicle market
achieved significant results, capturing over a 65% share of new connections.


Computing power business grew in scale. Firstly, the Company built intelligent computing
clusters. It strengthened resource buildout at the “Eastern Data, Western Computing” hub nodes and
green computing-power coordination demonstration provinces. The number of standard cabinets1 exceeded
1.10 million, and seven 100 MW-grade AIDC campuses have been built. The scale of intelligent
computing reached 45 EFLOPS. The Company accelerated the construction of the new “Eight Vertical
and Eight Horizontal” backbone optical fibre cable network, adding more than 9,000 kilometres to
achieve the interconnection of computing power hub nodes and serve coordinated regional development.
Secondly, the Company upgraded Unicom Cloud. It accelerated the evolution of Unicom Cloud
towards AI cloud, deepened hyperscale intelligent cloud-native implementations, enhanced centralised
orchestration and allocation capabilities, and built a new computing power business model of
“applications + models + resources”, supporting the construction of government clouds for over 180
provinces and municipalities, empowering the digital and intelligent transformation of nearly 400,000
corporate customers, establishing the brand image of “AI Smart Select Unicom Cloud”. Thirdly, the
Company opened digital intelligence platform. The Company constructed national AI application pilot
bases and launched the UniAI Wanxiang data engineering platform, the UniAI MaaS platform, and the
UniAI Wanwu intelligent agent platform. With these platforms, it formed over 400 TB of high-quality
datasets, offered over 140 mainstream models, and gathered more than 10,000 developers to help
customers rapidly build intelligent agent applications.

                                                                                                           17
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Business Overview




                              Customer service quality was further enhanced. Firstly, the Company deepened convenient
                              services to convey “Unicom warmth”. The Company implemented the requirement of the Ministry of
                              Industry and Information Technology to “let the achievements of information and communications
                              development benefit people more extensively and effectively”, rolled out the “ten things” of
                              heart-warming services, and carried out activities such as “clear pricing and worry-free usage” to
                              enhance service standards. The 10010 hotline launched warm service campaigns and optimised
                              processes to deliver precise services. The Company successfully completed communication support with
                              dedicated personnel during major events such as the “Two Sessions” and the “Asian Winter Games”,
                              while providing exclusive services for seniors and “Double Support” groups. Business outlets
                              comprehensively deepened service transformation, improved processing efficiency, shortened waiting
                              times, constructed a new smart service ecosystem, and provided senior-friendly and anti-fraud services.
                              The China Unicom APP continued to expand its service scenarios, strengthened the transparent
                              display of tariffs and service guidance, with monthly active users exceeding 110 million. The Company
                              enhanced the experience of government and enterprise customers to empower their digital
                              transformation. Serving new industrialisation, the Company served more than 9,000 5G factories, and
                              revenue from 5G private network projects reached RMB12.3 billion with a year-on-year growth of 51%.
                              Empowering digital government, the Company iterated the economic development platform, effectively
                              assisting the scientific macroeconomic decision-making for more than 20 ministries and commissions and
                              more than 20 provinces. Secondly, the Company innovated intelligent services and shaped “Unicom
                              Intelligence”. The Company launched the “Tongtong Customer Service AI Agent”, serving 177
                              scenarios with multi-modal interaction. This initiative drove the upgrade of services from “standardised
                              responses” to “personalised dialogue”, achieving more intuitive information inquiries, more convenient
                              transaction processing, and faster problem resolution.


                              Security business capabilities were continuously strengthened. Firstly, the Company enhanced
                              security capabilities. The Company established a full-stack AI security protection system and was the
                              first and only enterprise to pass the highest-level accreditation of the national Data Security Maturity
                              Model (DSMM), with its data security management capabilities reaching the leading level in China.
                              Secondly, the Company constructed a secure ecosystem. Relying on the “Mogong” security operation
                              service platform, the Company implemented over 200 security projects. “Security Hub”, as the first
                              domestic cybersecurity product market platform, has served more than 27,000 customers.




18
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




Network connectivity capability continued to improve. Firstly, the Company deepened co-build
co-share, with the number of 5G mid-band base stations exceeding 1.54 million and that of low-band
base stations in service exceeding 1 million, significantly improving deep coverage in key scenarios.
Secondly, broadband coverage continued to improve, with the number of broadband ports exceeding
280 million and the overall urban residential coverage rate exceeding 96%. The proportion of 10G PON
increased by 4.5pp to 86%. Preliminary deployment of Broadband Network Cores (BNC) was completed
in 20 cities in 14 provinces with advanced network architecture, leading to a significantly enhanced
capability for integrated business innovation. Thirdly, the integrated deployment of new intelligent
computing infrastructure has initially taken shape. AIDC underwent intelligent transformation and
renewal, with the number of standard cabinets exceeding 1.1 million. Large-scale campuses covered the
eight major national hub nodes, and 31 provincial capitals and key cities were equipped with resources of
over a thousand cabinets. The scale of intelligent computing reached 45 EFLOPS, effectively ensuring the
development of the intelligent computing business, with backbone cloud pools covering 252 cities.
Fourthly, resource supply effectively supported market development. The Company supported the
upgrade of 5G-A capabilities, with 5G-A carrier aggregation rolled out in all cities nationwide, and
RedCap launched at scale in over 300 cities. The Company ensured the reconstruction of the broadband
integration system in Southern China and coverage of various market segments, with the resource
penetration rate of newly delivered residential communities reaching 95.8%. Cloud-AI products achieved
the four 10 million development goals and completed the resource deployment nationwide to meet the
needs of rapid business growth. Fifthly, the cybersecurity foundation continued to be strengthened.
The new “Eight Vertical and Eight Horizontal” backbone optical cable network added over 9,000
kilometres of lit fibre, and the coverage of the 400G backbone transmission network continued to be
strengthened. The Company completed the critical task of ultra-lean network construction, fully
concluding the construction of aggregation zones in Northern China, while the completion rate in
Southern China reached 75%, resulting in annualised OPEX savings of RMB1.35 billion, and further
strengthening network security and stability.


Note 1: Number of standard cabinets is calculated based on 2.5 kW per cabinet.




                                                                                                        19
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




                Financial
                   Overview
                                                          OVERVIEW
                              In 2025, the Company pursued progress while maintaining stability and
                              promoting stability through progress, achieving steady revenue growth,
                           continuously enhancing profitability, and optimising its development structure.
                              Total operating revenue was RMB392.22 billion in 2025, up by 0.7%
                              year-on-year. Service revenue reached RMB347.74 billion, up by 0.5%
                          year-on-year. The profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was
                                            RMB20.82 billion, up by 1.0% year-on-year.


                               In 2025, the Company’ s net cash inflow from operating activities was
                                   RMB90.17 billion. Capital expenditure was RMB54.15 billion.
                                   Liabilities-to-assets ratio was 44.6% as at 31 December 2025.




20
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




OPERATING REVENUE
In 2025, the Company’ s operating revenue was RMB392.22 billion, up by 0.7% year-on-year, of which,
service revenue was RMB347.74 billion, up by 0.5% year-on-year.


OPERATING COSTS
In 2025, operating costs of the Company amounted to RMB373.63 billion, was basically unchanged
year-on-year.


The table below sets forth the items of the Company’ s operating costs and the changes in their respective
percentage of the operating revenue for the years 2025 and 2024:


                                                                2025                        2024
                                                                          As a                          As a
                                                                   percentage                      percentage
                                                        Total     of operating      Total      of operating
 (RMB in billions)                                   amount            revenue   amount              revenue

 Operating costs                                      373.63            95.3%     373.56              95.9%
 Include: Interconnection charges                      11.04             2.8%      11.22               2.9%
         Depreciation and amortisation                 80.83            20.6%      83.39              21.4%
         Network, operation and support expenses       65.23            16.6%      64.32              16.5%
         Employee benefit expenses                     66.55            17.0%      64.93              16.7%
         Costs of telecommunications products sold     42.94            10.9%      42.47              10.9%
         Selling and marketing expenses                37.41             9.6%      36.98               9.5%
         General and administrative expenses             5.00            1.3%       5.12               1.3%
         Other operating expenses                      64.63            16.5%      65.13              16.7%




             OPERATING
             REVENUE (RMB BIL)




                     392.22

                                                                                                            21
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Financial Overview




                              Interconnection charges
                              The interconnection charges were RMB11.04 billion in 2025, down by 1.7% year-on-year and, as a
                              percentage of operating revenue, decreased from 2.9% in 2024 to 2.8% in 2025.


                              Depreciation and amortisation
                              Mainly benefiting from precise investment, deepened network “co-build co-share”, development of a
                              simplified network, and the adjustment of the depreciation period for 4G wireless-related equipment in
                              recent years, depreciation and amortisation charges were RMB80.83 billion in 2025, down by 3.1%
                              year-on-year and, as a percentage of operating revenue, decreased from 21.4% in 2024 to 20.6% in
                              2025.


                              Network, operation and support expenses
                              The Company has focused on improving network operation efficiency, with further enhancement in
                              resource utilisation, network, operation and support expenses were RMB65.23 billion in 2025, up by
                              1.4% year-on-year and, as a percentage of operating revenue, increased from 16.5% in 2024 to 16.6%
                              in 2025.


                              Employee benefit expenses
                              Employee benefit expenses were RMB66.55 billion in 2025, up by 2.5% year-on-year and, as a
                              percentage of operating revenue, increased from 16.7% in 2024 to 17.0% in 2025.




22
                                                                                Annual Report 2025




Cost of telecommunications products sold
Costs of telecommunications products sold were RMB42.94 billion and revenue from sales of
telecommunications products were RMB44.48 billion in 2025. Gross profit on sales of
telecommunications products was RMB1.54 billion.


Selling and marketing expenses
The Company has continuously optimised the marketing costs, selling and marketing expenses were
RMB37.41 billion in 2025, up by 1.2% year-on-year and, as a percentage of operating revenue increased
from 9.5% in 2024 to 9.6% in 2025.


General and administrative expenses1
The Company has advanced quality improvement and efficiency enhancement in depth, and strengthened
lean management, general and administrative expenses were RMB5.00 billion in 2025, down by 2.3%
year-on-year and, as a percentage of operating revenue basically unchanged.


Other operating expenses
Other operating expenses were RMB64.63 billion in 2025, down by 0.8% year-on-year and, as a
percentage of operating revenue, decreased from 16.7% in 2024 to 16.5% in 2025.




                                                                                                  23
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Financial Overview




                              EARNINGS
                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                        Total                Total
                               (RMB in billions)                                      amount               amount           Change

                               Operating profit                                        18.59                16.03            16.0%
                               Net finance gains                                        0.50                 0.20          151.5%
                               Share of net profit of associates                        2.67                 2.59             3.0%
                               Share of net profit of joint ventures                    1.49                 1.48             0.4%
                               Other income-net                                         2.21                 4.95          –55.3%
                               Profit before income tax                                25.45                25.25             0.8%
                               Income tax expenses                                      4.54                 4.52             0.5%
                               Profit attributable to equity shareholders
                                   of the Company                                      20.82                20.61             1.0%




                                                                                                Profit before income tax

                                                                                         In 2025, the Company focused on the
                                                                                         primary task of high-quality development, and
                                                                                         achieved steady growth in its operating
                                                                                         performance, profit before income tax was
                                                                                         RMB25.45 billion, up by 0.8% year-on-year.



                                                               Income tax expenses

                                                           In 2025, the Company’ s income tax expenses
                                                           were RMB4.54 billion and the effective tax
                                                           rate was 17.8%.




                               Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                            In 2025, the profit attributable to equity shareholders
                            of the Company was RMB20.82 billion, up by 1.0%
                            year-on-year. Basic earnings per share was
                            RMB0.680, up by 1.0% year-on-year.




24
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




EBITDA2
In 2025, the Company’ s EBITDA was RMB99.42 billion, and the EBITDA as a percentage of service
revenue was 28.6%.


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND CASH FLOW
In 2025, the Company made moderate, precise and efficient investments, capital expenditure of the
Company totaled RMB54.15 billion. The Company’ s net cash inflow from operating activities in 2025
was RMB90.17 billion. Free cash flow3 was RMB36.02 billion after deducting capital expenditure for the
year, up by 28.5% year-on-year.


BALANCE SHEET
The Company’ s total assets changed from RMB671.24 billion as at 31 December 2024 to RMB669.62
billion as at 31 December 2025. Total liabilities changed from RMB307.67 billion as at 31 December
2024 to RMB298.75 billion as at 31 December 2025. The liabilities-to-assets ratio was 44.6% as at
31 December 2025, down by 1.2 percentage point compared to last year. The Company’ s interest-bearing
borrowings were RMB5.48 billion. The debt-to-capitalisation ratio decreased from 10.2% as at
31 December 2024 to 8.4% as at 31 December 2025. The net debt-to-capitalisation ratio was 2.2% as
at 31 December 2025.


Note 1: General and administrative expenses excludes staff costs and depreciation.


Note 2: EBITDA represents profit for the year before finance costs, interest income, shares of net profit of
        associates, share of net profit of joint ventures, other income-net, income tax expense, depreciation and
        amortisation. As the telecommunications business is a capital intensive industry, capital expenditure and
        finance costs may have a significant impact on the net profit of the companies with similar operating
        results. Therefore, the Company believes that EBITDA may be helpful in analysing the operating results
        of a telecommunications service operator like the Company. However, it is a non-GAAP financial
        measure which does not have a standardised meaning and therefore may not be comparable to similar
        measures presented by other companies.


Note 3: Free cash flow represents operating cash flow less capital expenditure. However, it is a non-GAAP
        financial measure which does not have a standardised meaning and therefore may not be comparable to
        similar measures presented by other companies.




                                                                                                              25
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                             Annual Report 2025




Recognition                        and Awards




                                                For more information, please visit the Company’s website at www.chinaunicom.com.hk


26                                                                                                                             27
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




            D irectors
                and
                     Senior Management




28
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




          Dong Xin
          Chairman and Chief Executive Officer




Aged 59, holds a master’ s degree in Financial and Accounting Management and a
doctoral degree in Business Administration, was appointed in January 2026 as
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Dong Xin served as
General Manager of Finance Department of China Mobile Communications Group
Co., Ltd., Chairman and General Manager of China Mobile Group Hainan Co.,
Ltd., General Manager of the Planning Department of China Mobile
Communications Group Co., Ltd., Chairman and General Manager of China
Mobile Group Henan Co., Ltd., Chairman and General Manager of China Mobile
Group Beijing Co., Ltd., Vice President and Chief Accountant of China Mobile
Communications Group Co., Ltd., Director and President of China Mobile
Communications Group Co., Ltd., Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
of China Mobile Limited, Deputy Director General of the National Radio and
Television Administration. Mr. Dong Xin is currently the Chairman of China United
Network Communications Group Company Limited ( “Unicom Group”), China
United Network Communications Limited ( “A Share Company”) and China
United Network Communications Corporation Limited ( “CUCL”). Mr. Dong Xin
has extensive experience in management and the telecommunications industry.




                                                                                                   29
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Directors and Senior Management




                                                           Jian Qin
                                                           Executive Director and President




                                   Aged 60, a postgraduate with a doctorate degree in Economics, was appointed in
                                   April 2024 as an Executive Director and President of the Company. Mr. Jian served
                                   as Chairman and General Manager of China Mobile Group Jiangxi Co., Ltd., China
                                   Mobile Group Sichuan Co., Ltd. and China Mobile Group Guangdong Co., Ltd., Vice
                                   President of China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. and China Mobile
                                   Limited, Director and Vice President of China Mobile Communication Co., Ltd.,
                                   non-executive director of Phoenix Media Investment (Holdings) Limited, Director of
                                   China Post Group Corporation Limited. Mr. Jian also serves as a Director and
                                   General Manager of Unicom Group, a Director and President of A Share Company, as
                                   well as a Director and President of CUCL. Mr. Jian has extensive experience in
                                   management and the telecommunications industry.




30
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




          Tang Yongbo
          Executive Director




Aged 52, a postgraduate with a master’ s degree in Business Administration, was
appointed in June 2025 as an Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Tang served
as Deputy General Manager and General Manager of Hunan Branch of China
Unicom, General Manager of Marketing Department of Unicom Group, Vice
General Manager of Unicom Group, Senior Vice President of the Company, Senior
Vice President of A Share Company, Senior Vice President of CUCL, a Non-
Executive Director of China Tower Corporation Limited. He was a Deputy to the
13th National People’ s Congress. Mr. Tang is currently a Non-Executive Director
of China Communications Services Corporation Limited (listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange), a Non-Executive Director of HKT Limited (HKT Trust and HKT
Limited are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and HKT Management
Limited (the trustee manager of the HKT Trust), a Non-Executive Director and
the Deputy Chairman of the Board of PCCW Limited (listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange with an American Depositary Receipts trading on OTC Markets
Group Inc.), a Director of Unicom Group, a Director of A Share Company, as well
as a Director of CUCL. Mr. Tang has extensive experience in management and the
telecommunications industry.




                                                                                                  31
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Directors and Senior Management




                                                           Li Yuzhuo
                                                           Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer




                                   Aged 53, a postgraduate with a master’ s degree in Business Administration, was
                                   appointed in February 2022 as an Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of
                                   the Company. Ms. Li served as Director of the Finance Department of China ENFI
                                   Engineering Corporation Limited, Vice President of China ENFI Engineering
                                   Corporation, Head of the Capital Department and Secretary of the Board of
                                   Directors of China Metallurgical Group Corporation (Metallurgical Corporation of
                                   China Limited), and Head of the Capital Operation Department of China Minmetals
                                   Corporation. Ms. Li is currently Chief Accountant of Unicom Group, Financial
                                   Controller of A Share Company, the Director and the Chief Financial Officer of
                                   CUCL, as well as a Director of certain member of the Group. Ms. Li has extensive
                                   experience in financial investment and capital operation.




32
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




            Hao Liqian
            Senior Vice President




Aged 54, a postgraduate with a master’ s degree in Business Administration, was
appointed in September 2024 as a Senior Vice President of the Company. Mr. Hao
served as General Manager of Jinan Municipal Branch of China Unicom, General
Manager of Hainan Branch of China Unicom, General Manager of Hebei Branch
of China Unicom, and General Manager of Guangdong Branch of China Unicom.
Mr. Hao is currently a Vice General Manager of Unicom Group, a Senior Vice
President of A Share Company, a Director and Senior Vice President of CUCL.
Mr. Hao has extensive experience in management and the telecommunications
industry.




                                                                                                 33
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Directors and Senior Management




                                                           Miao Shouye
                                                           Senior Vice President




                                   Aged 48, a university graduate with a master’ s degree in Engineering, was appointed
                                   in June 2025 as a Senior Vice President of the Company. Mr. Miao served as Deputy
                                   General Manager of Hubei Branch of China Unicom, Deputy Director of 5G
                                   Promotion Office of China Unicom, Director of 5G Co-build Co-share Working Group
                                   of Unicom Group, and General Manager of the Network and Information Security
                                   Department of Unicom Group. Mr. Miao is currently a Non-Executive Director of
                                   China Tower Corporation Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), a Vice
                                   President of Unicom Group, a Senior Vice President of A Share Company, as well as
                                   a Director and Senior Vice President of CUCL. Mr. Miao has extensive experience in
                                   management and the telecommunications industry.




34
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




          Zhu Hanwu
          Senior Vice President




Aged 53, a university graduate with a master’ s degree in Business Administration,
was appointed in June 2025 as a Senior Vice President of the Company. Mr. Zhu
served as Director and Deputy General Manager of China Mobile Group
Guangdong Co., Ltd., Chairman and General Manager of China Mobile Group
Hainan Co., Ltd., Chairman and General Manager of China Mobile Group
Shandong Co., Ltd.. Mr. Zhu is currently a Vice President of Unicom Group, a
Senior Vice President of A Share Company, a Director and Senior Vice President
of CUCL, as well as a Director of certain member of the Group. Mr. Zhu has
extensive experience in management and the telecommunications industry.




                                                                                                    35
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Directors and Senior Management




                                                           Cheung Wing Lam Linus
                                                           Independent Non-Executive Director




                                   Aged 77, was appointed in May 2004 as an Independent Non-Executive Director of
                                   the Company. Mr. Cheung is an Independent Non-Executive Director of HKR
                                   International Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange). Mr. Cheung was a
                                   member of the University of Hong Kong Council, Chairman of the University of Hong
                                   Kong School of Professional and Continuing Education, Chairman of Asia Television
                                   Limited, Deputy Chairman of PCCW Limited, Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                   of Taikang Life Insurance Company Limited and Sotheby’ s, as well as President of
                                   the Chartered Institute of Marketing (Hong Kong Region). Prior to the merger of
                                   Pacific Century Cyberworks Limited and Hong Kong Telecom Limited, Mr. Cheung
                                   was the Chief Executive of Hong Kong Telecom Limited and an Executive Director of
                                   Cable & Wireless plc in the United Kingdom. Mr. Cheung worked at Cathay Pacific
                                   Airways for 23 years, leaving as Deputy Managing Director. He was appointed an
                                   Official Justice of the Peace in 1990 and a Non-official Justice of the Peace in 1992.
                                   Mr. Cheung received a bachelor’ s degree in social sciences and a diploma in
                                   management studies from the University of Hong Kong. He is also an Honorary
                                   Fellow of the University of Hong Kong and of The Chartered Institute of Marketing in
                                   the United Kingdom.




36
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




          Chung Shui Ming Timpson
          Independent Non-Executive Director




Aged 74, was appointed in October 2008 as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr.
Chung is the Pro-Chancellor of the City University of Hong Kong. Besides, Mr. Chung is an Independent Non
Executive Director of The Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited, China Overseas Grand Oceans
Group Limited, Orient Overseas (International) Limited and Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Limited (all
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange). From October 2004 to October 2008, Mr. Chung served as an
Independent Non-Executive Director of China Netcom Group Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited. Formerly, he
was the Chairman of China Business of Jardine Fleming Holdings Limited and the Deputy Chief Executive
Officer of BOC International Limited. He was also the Director-General of Democratic Alliance for the
Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong, the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Arts Development, the
Chairman of the Council of the City University of Hong Kong, the Chairman of the Hong Kong Housing Society,
a member of the Executive Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Vice Chairman of the
Land Fund Advisory Committee of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, a member of the
Managing Board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority,
a member of the Disaster Relief Fund Advisory Committee, a member of the National Committee of the 10th
to 13th Chinese People’ s Political Consultative Conference, an Independent Non-Executive Director of
Henderson Land Development Company Limited, Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited, China Construction
Bank Corporation, Jinmao Hotel and Jinmao (China) Hotel Investments and Management Limited, Glorious
Sun Enterprises Limited, China Everbright Limited and China Railway Group Limited, an Independent Director
of China Everbright Bank Company Limited and China State Construction Eng. Corp. Ltd. and an Outside
Director of China Mobile Communications Corporation and China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. Mr.
Chung holds a bachelor of science degree from the University of Hong Kong and a master’ s degree in business
administration from the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Mr. Chung also received an honorary doctoral
degree in Social Science from the City University of Hong Kong in 2010. Mr. Chung is a fellow member of the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.




                                                                                                                           37
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Directors and Senior Management




                                                               Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny
                                                               Independent Non-Executive Director




                                   Aged 73, was appointed in November 2012 as an Independent Non-Executive Director
                                   of the Company. Mrs. Law is currently a Director of the Fan Family Trust Fund and the
                                   Honorary Principal of Ningbo Huizhen Academy. Besides, Mrs. Law is an Independent
                                   Non-Executive Director of Nameson Holdings Limited, China Taiping Insurance Holdings
                                   Company Limited and New World Development Company Limited (all listed on the Hong
                                   Kong Stock Exchange). Mrs. Law served as a Member of the Executive Council of the
                                   Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ( “HKSAR”), a Deputy of
                                   HKSAR to the National People’ s Congress of the People’ s Republic of China, Chairman
                                   of the Board of Directors of Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation, an
                                   Independent Non-Executive Director of DTXS Silk Road Investment Holdings Company
                                   Limited, CLP Holdings Limited and Minmetals Land Limited, and an External Director
                                   of China Resources (Holdings) Co., Limited. Prior to her retirement from the civil
                                   service in 2007, Mrs. Law was the Commissioner of the Hong Kong Independent
                                   Commission Against Corruption. During her 30 years as an Administrative Officer, Mrs.
                                   Law has worked in many fields, including medical and health, economic services, housing,
                                   land and planning, home affairs, social welfare, civil service, transport and education.
                                   Mrs. Law graduated from the University of Hong Kong with an Honours degree in
                                   Science, and in 2009 was named an outstanding alumnus of the Science Faculty of the
                                   University of Hong Kong. She received a Master degree in Public Administration from
                                   Harvard University and was named a Littauer Fellow of Harvard University. She also
                                   holds a Master degree in Education from the Chinese University of Hong Kong and is a
                                   Fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors.




38
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




          Fan Chun Wah Andrew
          Independent Non-Executive Director




Aged 47, was appointed in April 2024 as an Independent Non-Executive Director
of the Company. Mr. Fan is an independent non-executive director of Nameson
Holdings Limited, China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Limited, Sing Tao News
Corporation Limited, China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited and Chuang’ s
Consortium International Limited (all listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange). Mr. Fan is also a member of the 14th National Committee of
the Chinese People’ s Political Consultative Conference, a committee member of
the 10th to 12th Chinese People’ s Political Consultative Conference of the
Zhejiang Province, the 4th and 5th Chinese Political Consultative Conference of
Shenzhen, the 10th to 12th Vice chairman of Zhejiang Province United Youth
Association and a member of the 8th Legislative Council of the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region of the People’ s Republic of China. Mr. Fan served
as an independent non-executive director of Culturecom Holdings Limited and
Chuang’ s China Investments Limited (all are listed on the Main Board of the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange). Mr. Fan is a practicing certified public accountant in
Hong Kong with over 20 years of experience. He holds a Bachelor Degree of
Business Administration (Accounting and Finance) from The University of Hong
Kong and a Bachelor Degree in Laws from the University of London. Mr. Fan is a
fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in the
United Kingdom and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.




                                                                                                   39
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




     Corporate
     Governance
         Report
                The Board believes that a healthy corporate culture is the core of good corporate governance. China Unicom
                   persistently enhances the development of corporate culture. The Company adheres to the principles of
                 upholding integrity and innovation and focusing on main responsibilities and main businesses, focusing on
                 the core arenas of “connectivity”, “computing power”, “service”, and “security”. Aiming for the vision of
                    becoming a world-class technology service enterprise with global competitiveness. The Company is
                   transitioning from a “basic pipeline provider” to an “integrated digital service provider”, acting as the
                “national team and backbone of the information and communications industry”. China Unicom adheres to
                     the corporate style of “Rigorous, Pragmatic, Skillful, Meticulous, Efficient”. Uniting synergies for
                 development and fostering a positive and progressive corporate culture. The penetration and integration of
                   China Unicom’ s corporate culture philosophy into production and operation, integrating the corporate
                    culture into the entire process of production, operation and management, which help enhancing and
                   improving the operational effectiveness and management efficiency while ensuring the ideal corporate
                      culture has been reflected in the company’ s strategies, business models and operating practices.




40
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




The Board is committed to high standards of corporate governance and recognises that good governance
is vital for the long-term success and sustainability of the Company’ s business. The Board will persistently
enhance the corporate governance of the Company by promoting corporate culture philosophy and core
values at all levels of the Company. We hope all our executives, management and employees would
implement the practice and integrate “integrity and self-discipline, uphold integrity and anti-corruption”
into the ideological foundation to serve as the basic code of conduct for practitioners, while complying
with laws and regulations, operates in compliance with regulations and be honest and self-disciplined,
adhering to the ethical concept and code of conduct of honesty, trustworthiness and due diligence, and
strive to maximize the interests of customers, shareholders, employees and society. The scope of the
relevant basic code of conduct covers matters related to legislation, regulation and ethics, including but
not limited to principles of honesty and trustworthiness, conflict of interest, handling of stakeholder
relations, information disclosure and confidentiality, protection of company assets, reporting and
punishment. As a company incorporated in Hong Kong, the Company adopts the Companies Ordinance
(Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong and other
related laws and regulations as the basic guidelines for the Company’ s corporate governance. As a
company listed in Hong Kong, the current articles of association are in compliance with the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. These rules serve as
guidance for the Company to improve the foundation of its corporate governance, and the Company strives
to comply with the relevant requirements of international and local corporate governance best practices.
The Company has regularly published statements relating to its risk management and internal control in
accordance with relevant regulatory requirement to confirm its compliance with related risk management
and corporate internal control requirements and other regulatory requirements. The Board is responsible
for performing overall corporate governance duties. The Company has adopted a Corporate Governance
Practice which sets out the key terms of reference of the Board on corporate governance functions,
including, amongst others, developing and reviewing the Corporate Governance Policy and corporate
governance practices of the Company; reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional
development of Directors and senior management; reviewing and monitoring the Company’ s policies and
practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; developing, reviewing and monitoring the
code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and Directors; and reviewing the
Company’ s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and the disclosure in “Corporate
Governance Report”.




                                                                                                           41
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              In 2025, the Company’ s continuous efforts in corporate governance gained wide recognition from the
                              capital markets and the Company was accredited with a number of awards. The Company was voted as
                              “Most Honored Telecom Company” for ten years in a row in “2025 All-Asia Executive Team” ranking
                              organised by the authoritative financial magazine, Extel (formerly Institutional Investor). Meanwhile, the
                              Company was also honored with “Best IR Program (Telecoms)”. The Company was voted as “Best
                              Overall Company in China — Gold” in “Asia’ s Best Managed Companies Poll 2025” organised by
                              FinanceAsia, an authoritative financial magazine. The Company was awarded “Sustainable Asia Award”
                              by Corporate Governance Asia. The Company was accredited with “Gold Award” in “The Asset Corporate
                              Sustainability Leadership Awards 2025”. The Company was awarded “ESG Leading Enterprise” in
                              “ESG Leading Enterprise 2025” by Bloomberg Businessweek and Deloitte.

                              Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of
                              Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) (the
                              “Listing Rules”) provides for code provisions (the “Code Provisions”) and recommended best practices
                              with respect to (i) corporate purpose, strategy and governance, (ii) board composition and nomination,
                              (iii) directors’ responsibilities, delegation and board proceedings, (iv) audit, internal control and risk
                              management, (v) remuneration and (vi) shareholders engagement. Other than the disclosures made in the
                              section headed “Board of Directors” below, the Company confirms that for the year ended 31 December
                              2025, it complied with all the Code Provisions.

                              BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                              To serve the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, the Board is responsible for reviewing
                              and approving major corporate matters, including, amongst others, business strategies and budgets, major
                              investments, capital market operations, as well as mergers and acquisitions. The Board is also responsible
                              for monitoring risk management and internal control, reviewing environmental, social and governance
                              strategies, reviewing and approving the announcements periodically published by the Company regarding
                              its business results and operating activities. There is no financial, business, family or other material/
                              relevant relationship(s) between the Board members.




42
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




In order to achieve a sustainable and balanced development, the Company views Board diversity as a key
element for supporting its strategic goals and maintaining sustainable development. The Board
membership maintains wide representation. Members of the Board consist of outstanding individuals from
different professions. Currently, the Board comprises eight Directors, including four executive Directors
and four independent non-executive Directors. Particulars of the Directors are set out on pages 28 to 39
of this annual report. The Company believes that the Board currently comprises experts from diversified
professions such as telecommunications, technology, finance, investment and management, and is
diversified in terms of gender, age, duration of service, educational background, professional experience,
etc., which contributes to the enhanced management standard and more regulated operation of corporate
governance of the Company, and results in a more comprehensive and balanced Board structure and
decision-making process.


The below sets out the members of the Board:


Executive Directors
Dong Xin (was appointed on 14 January 2026)
Jian Qin (was appointed on 10 April 2024)
Tang Yongbo (was appointed on 27 June 2025)
Li Yuzhuo (was appointed on 28 February 2022)


Independent Non-executive Directors
Cheung Wing Lam Linus (was appointed on 12 May 2004)
Chung Shui Ming Timpson (was appointed on 15 October 2008)
Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny (was appointed on 21 November 2012)
Fan Chun Wah Andrew (was appointed on 10 April 2024)




                                                                                                       43
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              The below sets out the analysis of the current composition of the Board:


                                   DESIGNATION                                          GENDER


                                   4                   4                                6                    2
                                                           Independent
                                       Executive           Non-Executive
                                       Directors           Directors                         Male                 Female



                                   AGE GROUP                                            DURATION OF SERVICE (YEAR)


                                   3   45-54       2   55-64     3    >65               5    <5              3    >10



                              The Board Skills Matrix set out below outlines the skills and professional expertise of the Board that are
                              most relevant to the Company. Such skills and professional expertise provide robust support for the Board
                              to duly discharge its duties, enabling the Company to pursue and achieve its strategic objectives, and
                              attain sustainable and balanced development. In particular, in terms of business advancement and
                              long-term development, the Company adheres to the principles of upholding integrity and innovation and
                              focusing on main responsibilities and main businesses, focusing on the core arenas of “connectivity”,
                              “computing power”, “service”, and “security”. Aiming for the vision of becoming a world-class
                              technology service enterprise with global competitiveness. The Company is transitioning from a “basic
                              pipeline provider” to an “integrated digital service provider”, acting as the “national team and backbone
                              of the information and communications industry”. In addition, these capabilities support the Company in
                              maintaining a high standard of corporate governance, ensuring that the Company establishes and
                              maintains a sound and effective risk management and internal control system, enhancing its operational
                              management capabilities and risk prevention capacity, and safeguarding the sustained and healthy
                              development of the Company.




44
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




The skills and professional expertise of the Directors


                                 Board of
                                Directors/
                               Leadership
                            Experience on                           Accounting
                                    Board                           Profession/
                             Committees/     Telecommunications       Financial   Regulatory and
                           Other Positions             Industry/   Management       Compliance/
                                 at Listed   Relevant Industries   Professional            Risk            Public
                               Companies             Experience      Expertise      Management     Administration   Technology

 Executive Directors
 Dong Xin (Chairman)                    ✓                     ✓              ✓                ✓                             ✓
 Jian Qin                               ✓                     ✓                               ✓                             ✓
 Tang Yongbo                            ✓                     ✓                               ✓                             ✓
 Li Yuzhuo                              ✓                     ✓              ✓                ✓                             ✓

 Independent
    Non-executive
    Directors

 Cheung Wing Lam Linus                  ✓                     ✓                               ✓
 Chung Shui Ming Timpson                ✓                     ✓              ✓                ✓                ✓
 Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                 ✓                     ✓                               ✓                ✓            ✓
 Fan Chun Wah Andrew                    ✓                     ✓              ✓                ✓                ✓



Note: Directors may possess multiple professional backgrounds, skills and experience.


The roles and responsibilities of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company were
performed by the same individual for the year ended 31 December 2025. The Company considers that, as
all major decisions are made by the Board and relevant Board Committees after discussion, through
supervision by the Board and the independent non-executive Directors together with effective internal
control mechanism, the Company has achieved a balance of power and authority. In addition, the same
individual performing the roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer can enhance the
Company’ s efficiency in decision-making and execution, effectively capturing business opportunities. In
addition, Mr. Chen Zhongyue, the then Chairman of the Company, was unable to attend the annual general
meeting of the Company convened on 29 May 2025 due to other important work arrangement. The
Company attaches high regards on the annual general meeting which provides an opportunity for direct
communication between the Board and the shareholders of the Company. Therefore, Mr. Chen Zhongyue,
the then Chairman of the Company had appointed another executive Director to chair the said annual
general meeting and answer the questions raised by the shareholders.




                                                                                                                            45
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company had 4 independent non-executive Directors
                              representing over one-third of the Board with 2 independent non-executive Directors possessing
                              appropriate professional accounting or related financial management expertise as required under Rule
                              3.10 of the Listing Rules. All independent non-executive Directors of the Company possess good
                              knowledge and experience in different areas. The Company has established various channels for
                              independent non-executive Directors to express their views in an open and honest manner and, if
                              necessary, in a confidential manner. The independent non-executive Directors have been making positive
                              contributions to the development of the Company’ s strategies and policies through independent,
                              constructive and informed advice. Apart from the regular Board meeting, the Chairman meets annually
                              with independent non-executive Directors, without the presence of other Directors, which further
                              promotes the exchange of diversified views and opinions. Independent non-executive Directors have
                              maintained close contact with the management and actively express constructive opinions on matters
                              relating to corporate governance, operation management, risk prevention and the capital market at board
                              meetings. These views and opinions facilitate the Board in making their decisions in the shareholders’ best
                              interests. All independent non-executive Directors, except for their equity interests and remuneration
                              disclosed in this annual report, do not have any business with or financial interests in the Company, its
                              holding company or subsidiaries, and have confirmed their independence to the Company upon
                              appointment and annually. The Company considers that all independent non-executive Directors are
                              currently independent. Such mechanisms enable independent views and inputs are available to the Board
                              in an effective way, and the Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanisms
                              on an annual basis. The functions of non-executive Directors include, amongst other things, attending
                              board meetings, exercising independent judgements at meetings, playing a leading role in resolving any
                              potential conflicts of interest, serving on committees by invitation and carefully examining whether the
                              performance of the Company has reached the planned corporate targets and objectives, and monitoring
                              and reporting on matters relating to the performance of the Company. With respect to the nomination and
                              appointment of new directors and senior management members and the succession planning for Directors,
                              the Nomination Committee would, after considering the Company’ s need for new directors and/or senior
                              management members, identify a wide range of candidates from within the Company and the human
                              resources market and make recommendations to the Board. The Nomination Committee will consider
                              candidates on merit against objective criteria and with due regard to the benefits of diversity on the
                              Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
                              experience, skills, knowledge and duration of service. After having obtained the consent from candidates in
                              relation to the relevant nomination and based on the Company’ s actual needs, the Board would convene a
                              meeting, attendees of which include non-executive Directors, to consider the qualifications of the
                              candidates. The Directors of the Company (including non-executive Directors) are not appointed for a
                              specific term. However, every director should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three
                              years. And pursuant to the Company’ s articles of association, one-third of the directors shall retire from
                              office by rotation and shall be eligible for re-election at each annual general meeting.




46
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




On 14 January 2026, Mr. Dong Xin was appointed as the executive Director, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company. On 27 June 2025, Mr. Tang Yongbo was appointed as an executive
Director of the Company. Mr. Dong Xin and Mr. Tang Yongbo had obtained legal advice in relation to the
requirements, duties and obligations under the Listing Rules that are applicable to them as a director of a
listed company on 12 January 2026 and 6 June 2025 respectively from an external legal adviser qualified
to advise on Hong Kong law pursuant to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules. Mr. Dong Xin and Mr. Tang
Yongbo had confirmed that they understood their obligations as a director of a listed company. Every
newly appointed Director is provided with a comprehensive, formal and tailored induction on appointment,
including but not limited to the “Guidelines on Directors’ Duties” published by the Hong Kong Companies
Registry and the “Guidelines for Directors” published by the Hong Kong Institute of Directors. Directors
have fiduciary responsibilities to the Company. They must not exercise their powers for improper purposes.
They must not use the Company’ s opportunities to serve their own interests. Their personal interests are
not allowed to conflict with the Company’ s interests, and they must not abuse the Company’ s assets. The
Director would subsequently receive all briefing and professional development necessary to ensure that
he/she has proper understanding of the Company’ s operations and businesses, full understanding of his/
her responsibilities under the statutes, the common law, the Listing Rules, applicable legal and regulatory
requirements, and the Company’ s business and corporate governance policies. Furthermore, formal letters
of appointment setting out the key terms and conditions of the Directors’ appointment will be duly
prepared.


Directors’ training is an ongoing process. The Company arranges and provides continuous professional
development training for Directors through means such as site visits, seminars, webinars, and reading
materials, covering areas including duties of the Board/ Directors, legal and regulatory developments,
corporate governance and environmental, social and governance matters, financial reporting/ risk
management and internal control/ tax updates, the latest developments in the industry and business, etc.
The Company confirms that all directors have participated in continuous professional development as
required by Rules 3.09F, 3.09G and 3.09H (as applicable) of the Listing Rules during the year. In 2025,
the Company has provided more than 40 hours of continuous professional development training to the
Directors.


Directors shall provide the Company with information on the continuous professional development
training they have participated in from time to time. Training records are kept by the company secretary
and are available for periodic review by the Audit Committee.




                                                                                                         47
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              In 2025, the Company provided continuous professional development training for the Directors covering
                              the following areas and topics:


                               Scope                       Topic                                              Training Method
                               Duties of Directors/        — Creating Value with Board Diversity (provided    Webinar
                               Board of Directors               by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange)
                               Legal and Regulations       — HKEX Enhances Corporate Governance               Reading Materials,
                                                                Requirements (Provided by Freshfields)        Seminars, Webinars
                                                           — Legal and Regulatory Update (provided by
                                                             Freshfields)
                                                           — Continuing Obligations of Listed Companies
                                                                Update 2025 (provided by the Hong Kong
                                                                Stock Exchange)
                               Corporate Governance        — Developing Climate Strategies Amid               Reading Materials,
                               and Environmental,               Uncertainty: Scenario Planning and Analysis   Webinars
                               Social and Governance         (provided by Hong Kong Stock Exchange)
                                                           — Toolkit on Directors’ Ethics (provided by the
                                                                Hong Kong Business Ethics Development
                                                                Center and the Independent Commission
                                                             Against Corruption)
                                                           — Anti-Corruption Programme — A guide for
                                                                Listed Companies (provided by the Hong
                                                                Kong Business Ethics Development Center
                                                                and the Independent Commission Against
                                                                Corruption)
                               Financial Reporting/        — Pillar Two Proposals and Impact on the           Seminar
                               Risk Management and              Company (provided by Deloitte Touche
                               Internal Control/                Tohmatsu Tax Experts)
                               Tax Update
                               Latest Developments in      — International Capital Market Analysis Report     Reading Materials,
                               Industry and Business/           (provided by the Company)                     Seminars, Webinars
                               Business Development        — 2025 China Unicom Partner Conference
                               of the Company                (Provided by the Company)
                                                           — 2025 World Artificial Intelligence Conference
                                                             (provided by the Company)
                                                           — Director Site Visit (provided by the Company)




48
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




Based on the information provided by the Directors, a summary of the continuous professional
development training they participated in during 2025 is as follows:


                                                                                                                  In 2025
                                                                                Financial           Latest     Completion
                                                                 Corporate    Reporting/     Developments      Continuous
                                                            Governance and          Risk    in Industry and   Professional
                                  Duties of                 Environmental,   Management          Business/    Development
                                 Directors/                     Social and   and Internal         Business        Training
                                  Board of      Legal and      Governance       Control/ Development of       Approximate
                                  Directors   Regulations          Matters    Tax Update     the Company           hours4

 Executive Directors

 Chen Zhongyue1                          ✓             ✓                ✓              ✓                 ✓      >50 hours
 Jian Qin                                ✓             ✓                ✓              ✓                 ✓      >50 hours
 Tang Yongbo2                            ✓             ✓                ✓              ✓                 ✓      >50 hours
 Wang Junzhi3                            ✓             ✓                ✓              ✓                 ✓      >30 hours
 Li Yuzhuo                               ✓             ✓                ✓              ✓                 ✓      >50 hours

 Independent Non-executive
    Directors

 Cheung Wing Lam Linus                   ✓             ✓                ✓              ✓                 ✓      >50 hours
 Chung Shui Ming Timpson                 ✓             ✓                ✓              ✓                 ✓      >50 hours
 Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                  ✓             ✓                ✓              ✓                 ✓      >50 hours
 Fan Chun Wah Andrew                     ✓             ✓                ✓              ✓                 ✓      >50 hours



Note 1: On 29 October 2025, Mr. Chen Zhongyue resigned as an executive Director and a member of Nomination
             Committee of the Company.


Note 2: On 27 June 2025, Mr. Tang Yongbo was appointed as an executive Director of the Company.


Note 3: On 22 May 2025, Mr. Wang Junzhi resigned as an executive Director of the Company.


Note 4: The total hours include training provided by the Company and other continuous professional development
             training undertaken by the Directors.


The Company has determined remuneration policy. The proposed remuneration package of Directors of the
Company will be determined by the Remuneration Committee, subject to approval by the Board and in
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and policies, and taking into account the responsibilities of
such person in the Company, his experience and performance as well as the prevailing market conditions.
The remuneration package for executive Directors includes salary and performance-linked annual
bonuses. The remuneration of executive Directors is determined by reference to their respective duties and
responsibilities in the Company, their respective experience, prevailing market conditions and applicable
regulatory requirements while the award of the performance-linked annual bonuses is tied to the
attainment of key performance indicators or targets set by the Company. The remuneration of
non-executive Directors is determined by reference to prevailing market conditions and their respective



                                                                                                                        49
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              responsibilities and workload from serving as non-executive Directors and members of the board
                              committees of the Company. The remuneration for each Director and the remuneration of senior
                              management by band are disclosed on pages 155 to 158 of this annual report. In addition to the
                              remuneration, the Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage in respect of legal action
                              against the Directors.


                              The Board has provided clear guidelines for delegation of powers and responsibilities to management.
                              However, certain important matters must be decided only by the Board, including, but not limited to,
                              long-term objectives and strategies, annual budget, initial announcements on quarterly, interim and final
                              results, dividends, major investments, equity-related capital market operations, mergers and acquisitions,
                              major connected transactions and annual internal control evaluation. The arrangements on delegation of
                              powers and responsibilities to management are reviewed by the Board periodically to ensure that they
                              remain appropriate to the needs of the Company.


                              The Board convenes meetings regularly and all Directors have adequate opportunity to be present at the
                              meetings and to include matters for discussion in the meeting agenda. Notices of regular board meetings
                              are delivered to the Directors at least 14 days in advance of the meetings. The Company delivers, on a best
                              endeavor basis, all documents for regular board meetings to the Directors for review at least one week
                              prior to the meetings (and ensures that all documents are delivered to the Directors no less than three
                              days prior to the regular meetings as required by the Code Provisions).


                              The Company Secretary, being an employee of the Company, has day-to-day knowledge of the Company’ s
                              affairs and reports to the Chairman of the Board. The Company Secretary keeps close contact with all
                              Directors and ensures that the operation of the Board and all board committees is in compliance with the
                              procedures as set forth in the Company’ s articles of association and the charters of the board
                              committees. Additionally, the Company Secretary is responsible for compiling and regularly submitting
                              draft minutes of board meetings and committee meetings to the Directors and committee members for
                              their review and comments, and final versions of minutes for their records, within a reasonable time after
                              the relevant meetings. Each Director may obtain advice from and the services of the Company Secretary
                              to ensure that board procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations, are followed.


                              Board meetings will be held for the selection, appointment or dismissal of the Company Secretary. To
                              ensure the possession of up-to-date knowledge and market information to perform her duties, the
                              Company Secretary attended over 15 hours of professional training in 2025.


                              The Directors may, upon request, obtain independent professional advice at the expense of the Company.
                              In addition, if any substantial shareholder of the Company or any Directors has significant conflicts of
                              interest in a matter to be resolved, the Board will convene a board meeting in respect of such matter and
                              those Directors who have conflicts of interest must abstain from voting and will not be counted in the
                              quorum of the meeting.




50
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




All Directors are required to devote sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company. A culture
of openness and debate are promoted in the Board and the Directors are encouraged to express their
views and concerns. The Company provides monthly operating update to the Directors, so as to ensure the
Directors are familiar with the Company’ s latest operations. In addition, through regular board meetings
and reports from management, the Directors are able to clearly understand the operations, business
strategy and latest development of the Company and the industry. Besides formal board meetings, the
Chairman also meets annually with independent non-executive Directors, without the presence of other
Directors, which further promotes the exchange of diversified views and opinions. In order to ensure that
all Directors have appropriate knowledge of the matters discussed at the meetings, adequate, accurate,
clear, complete and reliable information regarding those matters is provided in advance and in a timely
manner, and all Directors have the right to inspect documents and information in relation to matters to be
decided by the Board. The Directors have frequently visited various branches in Chinese Mainland to gain
better understanding of the Company’ s daily operations.


The Board of Directors conducts an annual evaluation of its performance, and such arrangements also
contribute to the enhancement of the Company’ s corporate governance standards. The Company has
conducted an internal performance evaluation of the Board for 2025. The Nomination Committee
provides support for and uses this as a reference for the annual evaluation. The assessment involved the
completion of anonymous questionnaires by each Director to encourage Directors to reflect their views,
provide suggestions, and express any concerns without restriction. The scope of the evaluation covers
Board composition and diversity, interaction among Board members, processes and effectiveness of the
Board, the quality and timeliness of information provided to the Board, and Directors’ development and
training. The response rate for the 2025 Board evaluation questionnaire was 100%. The overall response
rate is satisfactory, and there are no material matters that require reporting. Based on the collective
opinions of the Directors, the Company submitted the same to the Nomination Committee and the Board
of Directors in summary form without disclosing the specific evaluations or ratings made by individual
Directors, in order to maintain confidentiality. Based on the performance evaluation in 2025, the Board of

                                                                                                           51
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              Directors considers the current practices to be effective. The structure, size, composition, and diversity of
                              the Board of Directors of the Company are reasonable and effective; the Board of Directors effectively
                              obtains independent perspectives and opinions; and the Directors have performed their duties with
                              diligence and dedicated sufficient time and attention to handle the affairs of the Company, effectively
                              ensuring the sound operation of the Board of Directors and the excellent governance level of the
                              Company.


                              In 2025, the Board held five board meetings and passed one written resolution for, amongst other things,
                              discussion and approval of important matters such as the 2024 annual results, the 2025 annual budget,
                              the 2025 interim results, the first and the first three quarters results for 2025, sustainability report,
                              reports on risk management and internal control, renewal of continuing connected transactions,
                              amendment of nomination committee charter, appointment of executive Director and appointment of
                              senior vice presidents.


                              Set forth below is an overview of the attendance during the year of 2025 by the Board members at
                              various meetings:


                                                                             Meetings Attended/Held During Each Director’s Tenure
                                                                                      Audit    Remuneration       Nomination
                                                                     Board       Committee        Committee       Committee         Shareholders
                                                                  Meeting           Meeting         Meeting          Meeting            Meeting
                               Executive Directors
                               Chen Zhongyue1                          5/5              N/A              N/A              1/1                0/1
                               Jian Qin                                3/5              N/A              N/A             N/A                 1/1
                               Tang Yongbo2                            3/3              N/A              N/A             N/A                N/A
                               Wang Junzhi   3
                                                                       2/2              N/A              N/A             N/A                N/A
                               Li Yuzhuo                               5/5              N/A              N/A             N/A                 1/1

                               Independent Non-Executive
                                   Directors
                               Cheung Wing Lam Linus                   5/5               5/5             1/1             N/A                 1/1
                               Chung Shui Ming Timpson                 4/5               4/5             1/1              1/1                1/1
                               Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                  4/5               4/5             N/A              0/1                1/1
                               Fan Chun Wah Andrew                     5/5               5/5             1/1             N/A                 1/1


                              Note 1: On 29 October 2025, Mr. Chen Zhongyue resigned as an Executive Director of the Company and ceased
                                      to be the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, as well as a member of the Nomination Committee of
                                      the Company.

                              Note 2: On 27 June 2025, Mr. Tang Yongbo was appointed as an executive director of the Company.

                              Note 3: On 22 May 2025, Mr. Wang Junzhi resigned as an executive Director of the Company.

                              Note 4: Certain Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) did not attend the shareholders
                                      meeting and meetings of the Board and Committees due to other business commitments.

52
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




In 2025, the Board performed their fiduciary duties and devoted sufficient time and attention to the
affairs of the Company. The Board works effectively and performs its responsibilities efficiently with all
key and appropriate issues being discussed and approved in a timely manner.


The Company has adopted the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers” as
set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”) to govern securities transactions by
directors. Further to the specific enquiries made by the Company to the Directors, all Directors have
confirmed their compliance with the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2025.


The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements for the year ended
31 December 2025, which give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at the
statement of financial position date and financial performance and cash flows of the Company for the year
ended the statement of financial position date, are properly prepared on the going concern basis in
accordance with relevant statutory requirements and applicable financial reporting standards. A
statement of the independent auditors about their reporting responsibilities related to the financial
statements is set out in the independent auditor’ s report on pages 96 to 100 of this annual report.


COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD
The Company has established three committees of the Board under the Board, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Each committee has a written charter, which is
available on the websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. From time to time as
required by the Listing Rules, the Board also establishes independent board committee for the purpose of
advising and providing voting recommendations to independent shareholders on connected transactions
and transactions subject to independent shareholders’ approval entered into by the Company and/or its
subsidiaries. The committees are provided with sufficient resources, including, amongst others, obtaining
independent professional advice at the expense of the Company, to perform their duties. The committees
report their decisions or recommendations to the Board after meetings.


Audit Committee Composition
Currently the Audit Committee comprised Mr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Cheung Wing Lam Linus,
Mrs. Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny and Mr. Fan Chun Wah Andrew all being independent non-executive
Directors of the Company. The Chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson. All
members of the Audit Committee have satisfied the “independence” requirements in relation to an Audit
Committee member under applicable laws, regulations and rules. The Chairman of the Audit Committee is
an accountant with expertise and experience in accounting and financial management. Another member of
the Audit Committee is also an accountant with extensive accounting professional experience.


Major Responsibilities
The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee include: as the key representative body, overseeing
the Company’ s relationship with the independent auditor, considering and approving the appointment,
resignation and removal of the independent auditor; pre-approval of services and fees to be provided by
the independent auditor based on the established pre-approval framework; supervising the independent
auditor and determining the potential impact of non-audit services on such auditor’ s independence;



                                                                                                          53
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              reviewing quarterly and interim financial information as well as annual financial statements; coordinating
                              and discussing with the independent auditor with respect to any issues identified and recommendations
                              made during the audits; reviewing correspondences from the independent auditor to the management and
                              responses of the management; discussing the risk management and internal control system with the
                              management as well as reviewing the reports on the risk management and internal control procedures of
                              the Company. The Audit Committee set up a whistle-blowing system to receive and handle cases of
                              complaints regarding the Company’ s financial reporting, internal control or other matters. The whistle-
                              blowers can use, in confidence and anonymity, to raise concerns about possible improprieties in any matter
                              related to the Company through whistle- blowing channels. Any complaints on the aforementioned subject
                              matters can be submitted by post (No. 21 Financial Street, Xicheng District, Beijing, 100033, China) or
                              by phone (86-(010) 88091674). The Audit Committee is responsible to and regularly reports its work to
                              the Board.


                              Work Completed in 2025
                              The Audit Committee meets the Board and management as well as independent auditor at least four times
                              each year, and assists the Board in its review of the financial statements to ensure effective risk
                              management and internal control as well as efficient audit. Besides, the Audit Committee meets the
                              independent auditor at least two times each year, without the presence of other Directors and
                              management.


                              The Audit Committee held five meetings in 2025 for, amongst other things, discussion and approval of the
                              2024 annual results, the 2025 interim results, and the first and the first three quarters results for 2025.
                              In addition, the Audit Committee approved in the meetings the sustainability report, the report of the
                              work of sustainability, the report on risk management, the report on internal audit and internal control,
                              the report on continuing connected transaction, the renewal of continuing connected transactions, the
                              appointment, the audit fees and the audit plans of the independent auditor as well as the non-audit
                              services provided by the independent auditor in 2025. The Audit Committee has performed its duties
                              effectively, and enabled the Board to better monitor the financial condition of the Company, supervise the
                              risk management and internal control (including but not limited to operational, financial, compliance,
                              environmental, social and governance) of the Company, ensure the integrity and reliability of the financial
                              statements of the Company, prevent significant errors in the financial statements and ensure the
                              Company’ s compliance with the relevant requirements of the Listing Rules with respect to Audit
                              Committee.




54
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




Remuneration Committee Composition
Currently the Remuneration Committee comprised Mr. Cheung Wing Lam Linus, Mr. Chung Shui Ming
Timpson and Mr. Fan Chun Wah Andrew, all being independent non-executive Directors of the Company.
The Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is Mr. Cheung Wing Lam Linus.


Major Responsibilities
The primary responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include: making recommendations to the
Board on the policies and structure for all Directors’ and senior management’ s remuneration and on the
establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy; reviewing and
approving the management’ s remuneration proposals with reference to the corporate goals and objectives
set by the Board; making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
executive Directors and senior management (including benefits in kind, pension right and compensation
payments, including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment);
making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors; consulting the
Chairman about the remuneration proposals for other executive Directors; considering salaries paid by
comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions elsewhere in the
Group; considering any concrete plan proposed by the management of the Company for the grant of
option or share which has not been granted, and any plan to amend any existing share scheme of the
Company; reviewing and approving compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management
for any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms;
reviewing and approving compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for
misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms; and ensuring that no Director or
any of his/her associates is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.




                                                                                                         55
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              Work Completed in 2025
                              The Remuneration Committee meets at least once a year. The Remuneration Committee held one meeting
                              in 2025 for, amongst other things, discussion and approval of the proposal for appraisal and remuneration
                              of senior management.


                              The Remuneration Committee has performed its duties effectively on reviewing and approving the
                              proposal of appraisal of senior management, as well as making recommendations to the Board with
                              regards to the remuneration packages for senior management.


                              Nomination Committee Composition
                              Currently the Nomination Committee comprised Mr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Dong Xin and Mrs.
                              Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny. Except for Mr. Dong Xin, who is the executive Director, Chairman and CEO of
                              the Company, Mr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson and Mrs. Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny are independent non-
                              executive Directors of the Company. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee is Mr. Chung Shui Ming
                              Timpson.


                              Major Responsibilities
                              The primary responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include: reviewing the structure, size and
                              composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least annually, assisting the
                              board in maintaining a board skills matrix, and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the
                              Board to complement the corporate strategy of the Company; identifying individuals suitably qualified to
                              become Board members and making recommendations to the Board; formulating, reviewing and
                              implementing the board diversity policy; assessing the independence of independent non-executive
                              Directors; making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
                              succession planning for Directors; providing advice to the Board on candidates of the senior management
                              nominated by the CEO and on changes to the senior management of the Company; supporting the
                              Company’ s regular evaluation of the board’ s performance.


                              Work Completed in 2025
                              The Nomination Committee meets at least once a year. The Nomination Committee held one meeting and
                              passed one written resolution in 2025 for, amongst other things, reviewing the structure, size and
                              composition of the Board, reviewing the board diversity policy and its implementation, assessment of the
                              independence of independent non-executive Directors, the amendment of nomination committee charter,
                              making recommendations to the Board on the proposed re-election of Directors and the appointment of
                              executive Director and senior vice presidents.




56
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




After reviewing each Director’ s other directorships, positions with listed companies and organisations,
and other significant commitments, the Nomination Committee confirms that the Directors have devoted
sufficient time and made significant contributions to the Board during the year. The Nomination
Committee considered the following aspects:


Time commitment
The Directors of the Company (especially the independent non-executive Directors) have demonstrated a
firm commitment to Board affairs during the year, participating actively and devoting sufficient time to
handle the affairs of the Company. All directors confirmed that they have devoted sufficient time and
effort to the affairs of the Company during their term of office for the year ended 31 December 2025.


Other offices and commitments
The Directors disclose to the Company the number and nature of offices held in listed companies and
organisation, as well as other significant commitments, together with an indication of the time involved.


Other directorships
As at 31 December 2025, none of our Directors, individually, held directorships in more than six listed
companies (including the Company).


The Company has determined nomination policy. With respect to the nomination and appointment of new
directors and senior management members and the succession planning for directors, the Nomination
Committee would, after considering the Company’ s need for new directors and/or senior management
members, identify a wide range of candidates from within the Company and the human resources market
and make recommendations to the Board. The Nomination Committee will consider candidates on merit
against objective criteria and with due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board, including but not
limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and
duration of service. After having obtained the consent from candidates in relation to the relevant
nomination and based on the Company’ s actual needs, the Board would convene a meeting, attendees of
which include non-executive Directors, to consider the qualifications of the candidates. Every director
should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. And pursuant to the
Company’ s articles of association, one-third of the Directors shall retire from office by rotation and be
eligible for re-election at each annual general meeting.




                                                                                                           57
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              The Company has also determined a policy concerning diversity of board members. The Company
                              recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board, and notes increasing diversity at Board
                              level as an essential element in maintaining a competitive advantage. All Board appointments are made
                              on merit on a selective basis, in the context of the skills and experience the Board as a whole requires to
                              be effective. In reviewing Board composition, the Nomination Committee will consider their professional
                              knowledge, skills, experience and the balance of diversity of perspectives which are appropriate to the
                              Company’ s business model and specific needs. In identifying suitable candidates for appointment to the
                              Board, the Nomination Committee will give due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board and base
                              on a range of diversity perspectives including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
                              background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and duration of service. The ultimate decision will
                              be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. The Board and
                              the Nomination Committee review the board diversity policy as well as its implementation and
                              effectiveness every year to ensure that the board diversity policy continues to serve its purpose. Currently
                              the Board comprises eight members, amongst which two members, accounting for 25% of the whole
                              Board, are female directors. The Board considers that gender diversity is achieved in respect of the Board,
                              and targets to maintain at least the current level of female representation. In addition, The Company
                              determined the employee diversity policy to respect individual differences, maintain the dignity of
                              employees, and create a diverse, inclusive, and mutually respectful working environment. The Company
                              strictly implements laws and regulations such as the Labour Law of the People’ s Republic of China and
                              the Labour Contract Law of the People’ s Republic of China and related laws and regulations. It adheres
                              to the principles of fairness, openness, and impartiality, and considers various aspects of diversity
                              including but not limited to gender, age, ethnicity, and educational background as well as professional
                              experience. Strict inspection and control procedures are adopted during the recruitment and promotion
                              processes, and discriminatory policies regarding ethnicity, gender, age, etc., are prohibited to ensure that




58
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




the recruitment and appointment of all personnel are conducted in accordance with standardised
procedures, so as to attract more talents with diverse backgrounds and foster a diverse, inclusive and
respectful working environment. The Company continuously improves the construction of its talent pool
and capacity building, and establishes a tiered and categorised training system while providing diversified
development opportunities, so as to precisely satisfy the professional needs and career development
visions of personnel in different positions. The Company cares for the physical and mental health of its
employees, with a focus on providing care and concern for female employees and special groups, enriching
the extracurricular cultural life of staff, and creating a loving and warm corporate family. The gender
proportion (Male/Female) of all employees of the Company is 1.62:1. The female representation in senior
management has continuously increased, from 11.9% in 2019 to 12.7% in 2025. The Company targets
to maintain at least the current level of female representation in the workforce (including senior
management). The Company is not aware of any mitigating factors or circumstances which make
achieving gender diversity across the workforce (including senior management) more challenging or less
relevant.


In addition, pursuant to the Company’ s articles of association, shareholder may propose other person for
election as a director at general meeting. The proposal will be considered and approved in the general
meeting. With regard to the procedure for shareholder to propose a person for election as a director,
please visit the Company’ s website at www.chinaunicom.com.hk/en/esg/cg_report.php.




                                                                                                           59
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
                              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu is the independent auditor of the Company. Apart from audit services, it also
                              provides other assurance and non-audit services. The Audit Committees supervised the independent
                              auditor and determined the potential impact of non-audit services on such auditor’ s independence, and
                              pre-approved the services and fees to be provided by the independent auditor based on the established pre-
                              approval framework. The remuneration paid/payable to the independent auditor for provision of services in
                              2025 is as follows:


                                                                                                                                         2025
                               Items                                                                     Note          (in RMB thousands)
                               Audit services for financial statements                                    (i)                          46,810
                               Other special purpose audit and assurance services                         (ii)                          2,116
                               Non-audit services                                                        (iii)                             840


                              Notes:


                              (i)      Audit services for financial statements in 2025 mainly included the provision of audit service for the
                                       Company’ s consolidated financial statements, and statutory audit services for the financial statements of
                                       its subsidiaries.


                              (ii)     Other special purpose audit and assurance services are the audit and assurance services other than the
                                       audit services for financial statements.


                              (iii)    Non-audit services included other services that can be reasonably provided by the independent auditor. In
                                       2025, the provisions of non-audit services mainly included tax compliance services and other advisory
                                       services.




60
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to
take in achieving the Company’ s strategic objectives, and ensuring that the Company establishes and
maintains appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems (included but not
limited to operational, financial, compliance, environmental, social and governance)to address identified
risks, protect Company assets, prevent and detect fraud, misconduct and losses, ensure the accuracy of the
Company’ s financial reporting, comply with applicable laws and regulations, promotes the sustainable and
healthy development of the Company, and enhances the Company’ s operation management level and risk
prevention ability. The Board should continuously oversee management in the design, implementation and
monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems, and ensures that the Company and its
subsidiaries review the effectiveness of such systems at least annually, and management should provide a
confirmation to the Board on the effectiveness of these systems. The Board acknowledges that it is its
responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their effectiveness.


Risk management and internal control systems have been designed to monitor and facilitate the
accomplishment of the Company’ s business objectives, safeguard the Company’ s assets against loss and
misappropriation, ensure maintenance of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial
information, ensure the Company’ s compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Such systems
are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can
only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.




                                                                                                           61
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                                      Organisation systems
                                      The Company sets up a group-wide risk management and internal control systems consisting of the
                                      Board, the Internal Control and Risk Management Committee, the Integrated Management Department
                                      and each relevant professional functional departments.


                     THE BOARD                                                  AUDIT COMMITTEE
             Highest decision making body                                         Supervision body



     INTERNAL CONTROL AND                             COMMITTEES IN
        RISK MANAGEMENT                                    RELATED
             COMMITTEE                                 PROFESSIONAL
       Highest coordination and                   The cross departmental body
     deliberation body at company                    of risk management in
           management level                            professional fields



   INTERNAL CONTROL AND
  RISK MANAGEMENT OFFICE
         Daily working
         departments



          PROFESSIONAL                              INTERNAL AUDIT
           FUNCTIONAL                                 DEPARTMENT                                                      INDEPENDENT
          DEPARTMENTS                                  Integrated risk                                             EXTERNAL AUDITOR
     Professional internal control             management and internal control                                      External Independent
          management and                       department and supervision and                                  Internal Control evaluation body
       execution departments                       evaluation department


 Branches and
 Subsidiaries                 INTERNAL CONTROL AND
                                 RISK MANAGEMENT
                                     COMMITTEE                                             COMMITTEES IN RELATED
                            Coordination and deliberation body                                     PROFESSIONAL
                              at company management level                               With reference to the needs of CUCL
                                                                                      and the Company, the cross departmental
                                                                                      bodies of risk management in professional
                              INTERNAL CONTROL AND                                           fields have been established
                             RISK MANAGEMENT OFFICE
                               Daily working departments


          PROFESSIONAL FUNCTIONAL                                                       INTERNAL AUDIT
                  DEPARTMENTS                                                             DEPARTMENT
       Professional internal control management                  Integrated risk management and internal control department and
              and execution departments                                        supervision and evaluation department




62
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




The Company has an internal audit department with 622 staff members, with officers stationed at various
provincial branches. The internal audit department reports directly to the Audit Committee at least twice
annually and is independent of the Company’ s daily operation and accounting functions. The internal audit
department is responsible for overall risk evaluation, special risk evaluation and internal control self-
testing etc. It has also formulated targeted risk prevention and control measures, conducted risk follow-up
inspections and has enhanced the risk awareness of the employees, all of which have played an active role
in the Company’ s effective support and safeguard of its operation management and business development.
Furthermore, with an emphasis on the effectiveness of internal control with respect to the efficiency of
operations, accuracy of financial information, and compliance with rules and regulations, the internal
audit department conducts, amongst others, internal control assessment and internal audit on economic
accountability. In addition, the internal audit department also contributes to strengthening the operation
and management, improving internal control systems, mitigating operational risks and increasing the
economic efficiency of the Company.


Using the risk evaluation as fundamental with the adoption of Internal Control Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission (the “COSO”), the
Company established and improved internal control systems based on the following five fundamental
components:


1.     Control Environment: Establishes the control environment which fulfill COSO requirements to
       provide the appropriate operating environment for the effective implementation of internal control


2.     Risk Evaluation: Establishes the Policy on Risk Evaluation Management and evaluation
       mechanism, evaluates the risks to the achievement of its objectives across the Company and
       identifies to the new risk due to the changes


3.     Control Activities: Deploys appropriate policies and control procedures over the Company’ s
       business activities, identifies key control procedures and policies of significant control activities
       through evaluation


4.     Information and Communication: Identifies relevant information and communication methods,
       establishes information and communication mechanisms to aggregate and delivers relevant
       information


5.     Monitoring Activities: Establishes the internal control monitoring mechanism, implements the
       monitoring procedures and adopted the before, during and extensive monitoring principles, and
       carries on the proper monitoring to the internal control




                                                                                                               63
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              Risk evaluation and management
                              The Company has established and gradually improved its comprehensive closed-loop risk management
                              system, achieved the comprehensive management by across all stages from risk evaluation, early warning,
                              control, tracking and supervision, so as to ensure the effectiveness of operation management. The
                              Company evaluated the adequacy and appropriateness on risk and control measures according to the new
                              business model, management requirement, change of system, adjustment of duties and findings from
                              internal and external inspections.


                              2025 Risk evaluation result
                              The Company defines risk as the possibility of internal or external events having a negative impact on the
                              achievement of strategic and operational objectives. After comprehensive consideration of various areas of
                              the Company, including but not limited to operations, finance, compliance, environmental, social and
                              governance aspects, the following factors may cause the Company’ s financial position or results of
                              operations to differ materially from expectations or past performance, but do not represent all risks faced
                              by the Company. In addition, other risks or uncertainties that currently appear to have a lower impact
                              may also have a material impact on the Company’ s results. The followings were the major significant risks
                              which the Company encountered and its countermeasures in 2025:


                              Cybersecurity risk
                              As a fundamental telecommunications enterprise, the Company possesses a modern communication
                              network spans the nation and connects to the world, along with a global customer service system. The
                              services benefit thousands of households and various industries. The Company attaches great importance
                              to cybersecurity, strictly complies with the requirements of national laws and regulations, and remains
                              committed to serving national security, building Cyber Superpower and Digital China. We take the
                              maintenance of cybersecurity as an important mission, and are committed to serving as the leading
                              contributor and key force of information and communications industry.


                              Risk of the quality of government and enterprise ICT business and arrears management
                              With the vigorous development of the digital economy, the profound changes resulting from the deep
                              integration of the digital economy and the real economy provided vast opportunities for the innovative
                              transformation, enhancement of core competitiveness, and sustainable development of the Company. The
                              Company attaches great importance to the research and development of innovative products, persistently
                              strengthens its independent service capabilities and the integration of self-developed products, while
                              accelerating the development of computing power services, and reinforcing resource deployment, technical
                              breakthroughs, cloud-network integration, and regional traction. The Company is fully pushing forward the
                              credit rating management of key business clients and optimising the structure of government and
                              enterprise clients.




64
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




Risk of the transformation of scientific research achievements
The Company has deeply implemented the development strategies of innovation-driven growth and
strengthening the enterprise through science and technology, continuously increased research and
development investment, and optimised its research and development deployment, driving the development
of new quality productivity through core technologies such as 5G, artificial intelligence, and cloud
computing. The Company attaches great importance to the transformation of scientific and technological
achievements, accelerates the value transformation and large-scale application of self-developed scientific
and technological achievements, and enhances the effectiveness of technology-enabled high-quality
development. Striving to be a pioneer in promoting high-level scientific and technological self-reliance and
self-strengthening, building national strategic scientific and technological forces, and developing new
quality productivity.


Risk of compliance of foreign export control
In recent years, the competition between China and the United States in the high-tech sector has
intensified. The United States has frequently introduced regulatory policies and targeted investigation.
The export restrictions on chips, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and technology in fields such
as artificial intelligence field in China have been continuously tightened. The Company attaches great
importance to complying with foreign export control requirements and enhances the monitoring and
research of export control regulations of the United States. It promptly analyses and assesses risk
dynamic and responds prudently to U.S. regulatory suppression and restrictions and strives to safeguard
the national interests, national security, and corporate interests.


The scope of the 2025 overall risk evaluation covered the whole Group, which included the headquarters
of the Group, 31 provincial branches, and its cities-level branch offices multiple subsidiaries. Through both
the quantitative and qualitative analysis, the Company fully considered the changes in operating
environment, business and policies, identified the potential risks to the Company’ s operation, and planned
for the risk according to the quantitative result. After reporting to each professional departments and the
management, the significant risks and the risk level of the year were finally determined. The annual risk
management instructions from the management were implemented according to the Policy on Risk
Management and the Company’ s risk management requirement. This included the formulation of relevant
risk management strategies, solution and corresponding departments, as well as organising the carrying
out of interim follow-up inspection works. The negative impacts arising from the risks and risk events were
controlled as planned and were within an acceptable range. During the year, there were no significant
changes in the risk management and internal control systems of the Company and no significant control
failings or weaknesses that have been identified.




                                                                                                           65
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              Monitoring and optimisation
                              To ensure the effectiveness of risk management and internal control designs, the Company carried out risk
                              evaluation timely and compared the risk points, formulated or enhanced corresponding internal control
                              measures according to the change in business and management. At the same time, the internal control
                              manual will be updated timely through the assessment and review on applications on internal control
                              workflow modification submitted by professional departments, risk evaluation reports and exceptional
                              issues from internal control assessment etc., so as to provide the effective support for the development of
                              the sustainable growth of the Company. Internal Control and Risk Management Office conducted
                              inspections on effectiveness on risk management and internal control implementation in regular or
                              irregular time interval, improved and enhanced risk management and internal control designs
                              continuously. Our Internal Audit Department has continued to organise our branches and subsidiaries to
                              conduct annual internal control self-assessment based on the actual conditions of each unit and improve
                              the quality of such self-assessment tasks, so as to gradually develop a quantitative internal assessment
                              regime governed by uniform standards. Through the effective rectification of issues identified during the
                              audit, assessment of the internal control system and its implementation, improvements made to the system
                              and process optimisation, a long-term mechanism for closed-loop management in internal control has
                              been put in place. According to the internal control self-assessment reports from the branches and
                              subsidiaries, self-assessment reports from each professional department, current year exceptional issues in
                              internal control discovered during internal audit and the Company annual risk management report, the
                              Group’ s Internal Control and Risk Management Office at its headquarter formed the Company’ s internal
                              control self-assessment report, which acted as supporting document for the management to issue a
                              statement of the effectiveness of internal control. Based on different disclosure requirements on
                              Company’ s internal control assessment report from different listing regulatory body, the Company
                              prepared internal control assessment report respectively.


                              As a telecommunications operator, the Company is subject to the laws and regulations, e.g., relevant
                              provisions in the Cybersecurity Law of the People’ s Republic of China, Data Security Law of the People’ s
                              Republic of China, Personal Information Protection Law of the People’ s Republic of China and Anti-
                              Telecom and Online Fraud Law of the People’ s Republic of China, designed to protect critical information
                              infrastructure. Personal privacy, information security, and data protection are increasingly significant
                              issues in China and other jurisdictions in which the Company operate. For example, The Data Security
                              Law of the People’ s Republic of China and Personal Information Protection Law of the People’ s
                              Republic of China published in 2021 further regulate data and personal information processing activities,




66
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




and protect the legitimate rights and interests of individuals and organisations from being infringed. The
Anti-Telecom and Online Fraud Law of the People’ s Republic of China published in 2022 which clearly
stated that telecommunications, finance, and network institutions are the main anti-fraud focus entities,
and carry out targeted system design for various aspects of telecom and online fraud to consolidate
corporate responsibility. The Company also devotes significant resources to network security, data security
and other security measures to protect its systems and data and in response to the evolving cybersecurity
laws and regulations. The Company also employs risk management and internal control systems. including,
among other things, (i) continuously strengthening data security capabilities, such as improving data
encryption, protection of critical information infrastructure and security of supply chain of the
information technology products and services; (ii) establishing data protection compliance policies and
guidelines, including training on crisis management and compliance of cybersecurity laws and regulations;
(iii) self-examining potential risks and weakness of data system and updating private policy; (iv)
enhancing the real-time monitoring and alarm reporting system and implementing an emergency action
plan to allow the Company to act responsively and minimise losses in the event of an emergency; and (v)
continuously improving compliance efforts through enhanced sharing of relevant knowledge internally and
externally. The Company is required to perform a security assessment when transferring personal
information and important data overseas if such personal information and important data are collected
and generated from the operation in China.


Annual review
The Board oversees the Company’ s risk management and internal control systems on an ongoing basis
and the Board conducted an annual review of the risk management and internal control systems of the
Company and its subsidiaries for the financial year ended 31 December 2025, which covered all material
controls including financial, operational and compliance controls. After receiving the reports from the
Internal Audit Department, as well as the confirmation from the management to the Board on the
effectiveness of these systems, the Board is of the view that the risk management and internal control
systems of the Company and its subsidiaries are effective and adequate, and risk management and
internal control systems are appropriate and effective for the purposes set out in Principle D2 of the
Corporate Governance Code. The review also ensures the adequacy of resources (internal and external) for
designing, implementing and monitoring the risk management and internal control systems, including,
staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’ s accounting,
internal audit, financial reporting function, as well as those relating to the Company’ s ESG performance
and reporting.




                                                                                                          67
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              Information Disclosure Controls and Procedural Standards
                              In order to further enhance the Company’ s system of information disclosure, and to ensure the
                              truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of its public disclosures (including inside information),
                              the Company has adopted and implemented the Information Disclosure Control Policy. In an effort to
                              standardise the principles for information disclosures, the Company established the Information
                              Disclosure Review Committee under the management and formulated the procedures in connection with
                              the compilation and reporting of the Company’ s financial and operational statistics and other
                              information, as well as the procedures in connection with the preparation and review of the periodic
                              reports. Moreover, the Company established detailed implementation rules with respect to the contents
                              and requirements of financial data verification, in particular, the upward undertakings by the individual
                              responsible officers at the major departments.


                              Anti-corruption policy and work
                              China Unicom has profoundly grasped the dialectical unity between “punishment, management, and
                              prevention” and has coordinated the integration and deep fusion of rectifying conduct, enforcing
                              discipline, and anti-corruption with reform and development, system improvement, and governance
                              promotion. The Company continued to refine its anti-corruption systems and mechanisms to steadily
                              consolidate and develop a clean and upright ecosystem. During the reporting period, the Company
                              complied with the relevant laws and regulations relating to the prevention of bribery, extortion, fraud and
                              money laundering.


                              Enhancing the overall anti-corruption synergy
                              •    Further improved the communication and consultation mechanism between the headquarters of
                                   China Unicom and the discipline inspection and supervision group of the Central Commission for
                                   Discipline Inspection of the CPC (CCDI) and the National Commission of Supervision of the PRC
                                   (NCS) residented in China Unicom, as well as the working mechanism of the anti-corruption
                                   coordination group, to build a work framework where each party assumes its own responsibilities
                                   with unified coordination, and to promote more synergistic and efficient anti-corruption
                                   collaboration and cooperation.


                              •      During the year, 13 corruption cases were handled, and 8 persons were dismissed and disciplined due
                                     to corruption.


                              Strengthening petition and whistleblowing work
                              •     Continuously improved the level of standardisation, legalisation, and regularisation of petition and
                                    whistleblowing work, refined the classification of petition and whistleblowing, standardised the
                                    procedures for accepting and handling overseas petitions and whistleblowing, organised and
                                    conducted special inspections on the handling of petitions and whistleblowing, further unblocked
                                    channels for reporting and accusation, and ensure that public supervision effectively plays its role.


                              •      Implemented rules and regulations such as the “Working Rules for Resident Body of Discipline
                                     Inspection and Supervision Agencies”, supervised discipline inspection and supervision personnel
                                     to maintain strict confidentiality regarding reported matters, handling status, and information
                                     related to whistleblowers, controlled the scope of knowledge and timing of review and investigation
                                     matters, and protected the safety of informants, whistleblowers, and their close relatives.


68
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




Deepening case-based reform and governance
•      Issued the “Opinions on Enhancing the Effectiveness of Case-based Reform and Governance and
       Integrally Advancing the Improvement of Conduct, Discipline, and Anti-Corruption”, strengthening
       the full-cycle closed-loop management of individual case analysis, rectification of cases in
       professional fields, supervision and implementation, and assessment and evaluation. It achieved a
       transformation from “point-based” rectification by the units where cases occurred to “area-
       based” rectification in relevant professional fields, further combining the resolution of prominent
       problems with the enhancement of governance capabilities, and continuously increasing the
       comprehensive effectiveness of promoting case-based reform and governance.


Regularising discipline education
•      Established the “Exposure Platform” column on the China Unicom Discipline Inspection and
       Supervision website, and established a regularised mechanism for the public reporting and
       exposure of disciplinary cases using real names, to further leverage the role of local cases and
       local matters in educating and alerting local personnel.


•      Widely solicited original integrity education short-videos and organised exhibitions and broadcasts
       through online + offline methods to enhance the pertinence and appeal of education, guiding the
       broad range of management personnel and employees to continuously strengthen their awareness
       of integrity and resistance to corruption.


In 2025, China Unicom provided anti-corruption education and training to a total of 4.129 million
person-time and achieved 100% directors and employees coverage in anti-commercial bribery and
anti-corruption training.


POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDEND
The Company is committed to sharing the fruits of its long-term development with shareholders while
continuing to promote good growth of revenue and profit and maintaining its sustainable development
capability. The declaration and payment of future dividends will depend upon, among other things,
financial condition, business prospects, future earnings, cash flow, liquidity level and cost of capital. The
Company believes such policy will provide the shareholders with a stable return in the long term along
with the growth of the Company. Pursuant to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of
Hong Kong) and the Company’ s articles of association, the Company may only pay dividends out of
profits available for distribution.


The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.1329 per share for the year ended
31 December 2025, together with an interim dividend of RMB0.2841 per share already paid during the
year, total dividend for 2025 amounted to RMB0.4170 per share.




                                                                                                            69
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              CORPORATE TRANSPARENCY AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
                              In addition to publishing annual reports and interim reports, the Company discloses major unaudited
                              financial information (including revenue, operating expenses, net profit) and other key performance
                              indicators on a quarterly basis and announces key operational statistics on a timely basis in order to
                              enhance the Company’ s transparency and improve investors’ understanding of the business operations of
                              the Company.


                              Upon the announcement of interim and annual results, the Company will generally hold analyst briefings,
                              press conferences, and global conference with investors. During such conferences, the management of the
                              Company would interact directly with analysts, fund managers, investors and journalists to provide them
                              with relevant information and data of the Company. The Company’ s management would accurately and
                              thoroughly respond to questions raised by analysts, fund managers, investors and journalists. Archived
                              webcast of the investor presentation is also available on the Company’ s website to ensure wide
                              dissemination of information and data.


                              The Company’ s investor relations department is responsible for providing information and services
                              requested by investors, maintaining timely communications with investors and fund managers, including
                              responding to investors’ inquiries and meeting with company-visit investors, as well as gathering market
                              information and passing views from shareholders to the Directors and management to ensure such views
                              are properly communicated. The Company also arranges from time to time road shows and actively
                              attends investor conferences arranged by investment banks, through which the Company’ s management
                              meets and communicates with investors to provide them with opportunities to understand more accurately
                              the Company’ s latest development and performance in various aspects, including business operations and
                              management.




70
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




In 2025, the Company participated in the following investor conferences:


 Date                          Conferences
 January 2025                  Citi 2025 China Technology and Telecom Corporate Day
 January 2025                  UBS Greater China Conference 2025
 March 2025                    Jefferies 6th Asia Forum
 May 2025                      Macquarie Asia Conference 2025
 May 2025                      UBS Asian Investment Conference 2025
 June 2025                     Changjiang Securities A/H Listed Companies Forum
 August 2025                   Citi 2025 China TMT Corporate Day
 September 2025                HSBC 12th Annual China Conference
 September 2025                Goldman Sachs Asia Leaders Conference 2025
 September 2025                32nd CITIC CLSA Investors’ Forum
 September 2025                Huaxi Securities Listed Companies Forum 2025
 November 2025                 Citi China Investor Conference 2025


In addition, through announcements, press releases and the Company website (www.chinaunicom.com.hk),
the Company disseminates the latest information regarding any significant business development in a
timely and accurate manner. In the perspective of investor relations, the Company’ s website not only
serves as an important channel for the Company to disseminate press releases and corporate information
to investors and the capital market, but also plays a significant role in the Company’ s valuation and our
compliance with regulatory requirements for information disclosure. In 2025, the Company updated the
content of its website on an ongoing basis to further enhance the functions of website and level of
transparency in information disclosure, striving for achieving international best practices. Our website was
honored with “Best of Show — World’ s Best Investor Relations Website” by an international institution,
“iNova Awards”, this year.


Furthermore, the Company has determined a Shareholders’ Communication Policy which has been
uploaded on the Company’ s website, so as to ensure that the shareholders of the Company are provided
with readily, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company, to
enable shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to enhance the shareholders’ and
the investment community’ s communication with the Company. The Company maintains as on-going
dialogue with shareholders while gathering market information and passing views from shareholders to the
Directors and management, through the different channels as set out in the Shareholders’ Communication
Policy, including but not limited to corporate communications, company’ s website, general meetings and
investor conferences. The Board reviewed the Company’ s shareholders and investor engagement and
communication activities conducted during the year and was satisfied with the implementation and
effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy.


The Company’ s effort in investor relations is well recognised by the capital market, and accredited with a
number of awards. The Company was voted as “Best IR Program (Telecoms)” in “2025 All-Asia
Executive Team” ranking organised by Extel (formerly Institutional Investor).



                                                                                                         71
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
                              Annual General Meeting
                              The Board endeavors to maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders, and in particular, to
                              communicate with shareholders through annual general meetings. Notices of annual general meeting are
                              sent to shareholders at least 21 days before the meeting. The Directors and representatives of the Board
                              committees usually attend the meetings and treasure the opportunities to communicate with shareholders
                              at such meetings. The independent auditor also attends the annual general meeting for the reporting to
                              shareholders every year. At general meetings, the chairman of the meeting proposes individual resolutions
                              in respect of each substantially separate matter. All matters at the Company’ s general meetings are
                              resolved by poll and the relevant procedures are explained at the meeting. The Company also appoints
                              external scrutineers to ensure that all votes are counted and recorded appropriately, and publishes the poll
                              results in a timely manner.


                              The last annual general meeting of the Company was held on 29 May 2025, at which the following
                              resolutions were passed and percentage of votes cast in favor of the resolutions are set out as follows:


                              •      to receive and consider the financial statements and the Reports of the Directors and of the
                                     Independent Auditor for the year ended 31 December 2024 (over 99%)


                              •      to declare a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2024 (over 99%)


                              •      to re-elect Mr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson and Mrs. Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny as Directors, and to
                                     authorise the Board to fix remuneration of the Directors (over 98%)


                              •      to re-appoint auditor and authorise the Board to fix their remuneration for the year ending 31
                                     December 2025 (over 99%)


                              •      to grant a general mandate for share buy-back (over 99%)


                              •      to grant a general mandate to issue new shares (over 97%)


                              •      to extend the general mandate to issue new shares (over 97%)


                              The next annual general meeting will be held on 26 May 2026. Please refer to the circular, which sets out
                              the details, that has been dispatched together with this Annual Report.




72
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




Putting Forward Resolutions at Annual General Meetings
Pursuant to Section 615 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the
following persons may put forward a resolution at the next annual general meeting of the Company: (a)
any number of shareholders, together holding not less than 2.5% of the total voting rights of all
shareholders which have, as at the date of the requisition, a right to vote at the next annual general
meeting, or (b) not less than 50 shareholders who have a right to vote on the resolution at the annual
general meeting to which the requests relate.


The resolution must be one which may be properly moved and is intended to be moved at the next annual
general meeting. The requisition must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the registered
office of the Company at least six weeks or if later, the time at which notice is given of the annual general
meeting before the annual general meeting, the Company has a duty to give notice of such proposed
resolution to all shareholders who are entitled to receive notice of the next annual general meeting.


In addition, requisitionists may require the Company to circulate to shareholders entitled to receive notice
of the annual general meeting a statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to the resolution to
be proposed. However, the Company is not required to circulate any statement if the court is satisfied that
this right is being abused to secure needless publicity for defamatory matters. In such event, the
requisitionists may be ordered to pay for the Company’ s expenses for application to the court.


If the requisition signed by the requisitionists does not require the Company to give shareholders notice of
a resolution, such requisition may be deposited at the registered office of the Company not less than one
week before the next annual general meeting.


Convening Extraordinary General Meetings
Pursuant to Section 566 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
shareholder(s) holding not less than 5% of the total voting rights of all shareholders having a right to
vote at general meetings of the Company as at the date of deposit of the requisition, may request the
Directors of the Company to convene an extraordinary general meeting. The requisition must state the
objects of the meeting and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of
the Company.


If the Directors do not, within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition, proceed duly to convene
a meeting to be held not more than 28 days after the notice of the meeting, shareholder(s) requisitioning
the meeting, or any of them representing more than half of their total voting rights, may themselves
convene a meeting to be held within three months of such date.


Meetings convened by the requisitionists must be convened in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as
meetings to be convened by Directors of the Company. Any reasonable expenses incurred by the
requisitionists will be reimbursed by the Company due to the failure of the Directors duly to convene a
meeting.




                                                                                                           73
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Corporate Governance Report




                              Putting Forward Resolutions at Extraordinary General Meetings
                              Shareholders may not put forward resolutions to be considered at any general meetings other than annual
                              general meetings. However, shareholders may request an extraordinary general meeting to consider any
                              such resolution as described in “Convening Extraordinary General Meetings” above.


                              Any queries relating to shareholders’ rights on putting forward resolutions at general meetings and
                              convening extraordinary general meetings should be directed to the Company Secretary of the Company.
                              Requisitions should be deposited at the Company’ s registered office and marked for the attention of the
                              Company Secretary.


                              THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
                              There was no change in the articles of association of the Company during the year.


                              CONTINUOUS EVOLUTION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                              The Company continuously analyses the corporate governance development of international advanced
                              enterprises and the investors’ desires, reviews and enhances corporate governance procedures and
                              practices from time to time so as to meet our shareholders’ expectations, commits to high standards of
                              corporate governance and recognises that good governance is vital for the long-term success and
                              sustainability of the Company’ s business.




74
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




ENQUIRY ON THE COMPANY
Shareholders may raise any enquiry on the Company at any time through the following channels:


China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited


Address: 75th Floor, The Center, 99 Queen’ s Road Central, Hong Kong


Tel        : (852) 2126 2018
Website    : www.chinaunicom.com.hk
Email      : ir@chinaunicom.com.hk


These contact details are also available in the “Contact Us” section on the Company’ s website
(www.chinaunicom.com.hk) designated to enable shareholders to send enquiries to the Company on a
timely and effective manner.




                                                                     https://www.chinaunicom.com.hk



                                                                                                   75
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




Report of
D irectors
                              The board of directors (the “Board”) of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Company”) is
                              pleased to present its report together with the audited financial statements of the Company and its
                              subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2025.


                              PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
                              The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of Company’ s
                              subsidiaries are the provision of comprehensive telecommunications services.


                              RESULTS AND APPROPRIATION
                              The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out on pages 101 to 102 of this
                              annual report.


                              The Board has resolved to recommend at the forthcoming shareholders’ general meeting that the payment
                              of a final dividend of RMB0.1329 per ordinary share ( “2025 Final Dividend”) for the year ended 31
                              December 2025, totaling approximately RMB4,066 million. Together with the 2025 interim dividend
                              payment of RMB0.2841 per share during 2025, the total dividend payment for 2025 amounted to
                              RMB0.4170 per share, totaling approximately RMB12,759 million (2024: RMB12,370 million).
                              If approved by shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the 2025 Final Dividend is
                              expected to be paid in Hong Kong dollars on or about 24 June 2026 to those members registered in the
                              Company’ s register of members as at 5 June 2026 (the “Final Dividend Record Date”).


                              FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                              Please refer to the Financial Summary on pages 214 to 215 for the summary of the operating results,
                              assets and liabilities of the Group for the five years ended 31 December 2025.


                              Please refer to the financial statements on pages 101 to 213 for the operating results of the Group for
                              the year ended 31 December 2025 and the respective financial positions of the Group and the Company
                              as at that date.


                              BUSINESS REVIEW
                              The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out in the sections headed
                              “Chairman’ s Statement” on pages 8 to 15, “Business Overview” on pages 16 to 19, “Financial
                              Overview” on pages 20 to 25, “Financial Statements” on pages 101 to 213, “Human Resources
                              Development” on pages 94 to 95, “Corporate Governance Report” on pages 40 to 75 and “Report of the
                              Directors” on pages 76 to 93 respectively of this annual report. All references herein to other sections or
                              reports in this annual report form part of this Report of the Directors.




76
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




LOANS
Please refer to Notes 34, 38 and 43.1 to the consolidated financial statements for details of the
borrowings of the Group.


CAPITALISED INTEREST
Please refer to Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for details of the interest capitalised by
the Group for the year.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Other than the share scheme as disclosed in this Report of the Directors, as at 31 December 2025, no
equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group or subsisted during the year.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Please refer to Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for movements in the property, plant and
equipment of the Group for the year.


CHARGE ON ASSETS
As at 31 December 2025, no property, plant and equipment was pledged to banks as loan security (31
December 2024: Nil).


SHARE CAPITAL
Please refer to Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements for details of the share capital.


RESERVES
Please refer to page 106 and page 194 of this annual report for the movements in the reserves of the
Group and the Company during the year ended 31 December 2025 respectively. As at 31 December 2025,
the distributable reserve of the Company amounted to approximately RMB12,386 million (2024:
approximately RMB14,989 million).


SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
Please refer to Notes 19, 20 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements for details of the Company’ s
subsidiaries, the Group’ s associates and joint ventures.


CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Please refer to page 106 of this annual report for the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and
page 194 for the Statement of Changes in Equity.


EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
Please refer to Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for details of the employee benefit
expenses provided to employees of the Group.




                                                                                                         77
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Report of Directors




                              PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
                              There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights in the articles of association of the Company requiring the
                              Company to offer new shares to the existing shareholders in proportion to their shareholdings.


                              MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
                              The Group’ s sales to its five largest customers for the year ended 31 December 2025 did not exceed 30%
                              of the Group’ s total turnover for the year.


                              The Group’ s total purchases attributable to the five largest suppliers for the year ended 31 December
                              2025 did not exceed 30% of the Group’ s total purchases for the year.


                              DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
                              POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
                              As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of Directors and chief executives of the
                              Company in any shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
                              corporations (as defined in Part XV of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as
                              recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
                              Company and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
                              Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 of the Rules
                              Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), were as
                              follows:


                              Long Positions in the Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                         Ordinary      Percentage of
                               Name of Director                  Capacity                             Share Held       Issued Shares

                               Chung Shui Ming Timpson           Beneficial owner (Personal)                6,000              0.00%


                              Save as disclosed in the foregoing, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors or chief executives of
                              the Company had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares, or debentures of the
                              Company or any of its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the
                              register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company
                              and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




78
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




Furthermore, save as disclosed in the foregoing, during the year ended 31 December 2025, none of the
Directors or chief executives (including their spouses and children under the age of 18) of the Company
had any interests in or was granted any right to subscribe in any shares, underlying shares, or debentures
of the Company or any of its associated corporations, or had exercised any such rights.


MATERIAL INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL
SHAREHOLDERS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE
COMPANY
As at 31 December 2025, the following persons (other than disclosed under the section headed
“Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and
Debentures”) had the following interests and short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
Company as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of Part XV of the SFO:


Long Positions in the Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                           Ordinary Shares Held                Percentage of
 Name of Shareholders                                      Directly         Indirectly         Issued Shares
 (i) China United Network
       Communications Group Company
       Limited ( “Unicom Group”)1,2                       —             24,683,896,309                80.67%
 (ii) China United Network Communications
       Limited ( “A Share Company”)1                      —             16,376,043,282                53.52%
 (iii) China Unicom (BVI) Limited
       ( “Unicom BVI”)1                       16,376,043,282                           —              53.52%
 (iv) China Unicom Group Corporation
       (BVI) Limited ( “Unicom Group BVI”)2,3 8,082,130,236                 225,722,791               27.15%


Notes:


(1)      Unicom Group and A Share Company directly or indirectly control one-third or more of the voting rights
         in the shareholders’ meetings of Unicom BVI, and in accordance with the SFO, the interests of Unicom
         BVI are deemed to be, and have therefore been included in, the respective interests of Unicom Group and
         A Share Company.


(2)      Unicom Group BVI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Unicom Group. In accordance with the SFO, the
         interests of Unicom Group BVI are deemed to be, and have therefore been included in, the interests of
         Unicom Group.


(3)      Unicom Group BVI holds 8,082,130,236 shares (representing 26.41% of the total issued shares) of the
         Company directly. In addition, Unicom Group BVI is also interested in 225,722,791 shares
         (representing 0.74% of the total issued shares) of the Company under the SFO, in which Unicom Group
         BVI had a pre-emptive right.


Apart from the foregoing, as at 31 December 2025, no person had any interest or short position in the
shares or underlying shares in the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section
336 of the SFO.


                                                                                                                 79
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Report of Directors




                              Please also refer to Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements for details of the share capital of the
                              Company.


                              REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SHARES OF THE
                              COMPANY
                              For the year ended 31 December 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had repurchased,
                              sold or redeemed any of the Company’ s listed shares (including sale of treasury shares). As at 31
                              December 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


                              COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD
                              The following is the list of Directors during the year and up to the date of this report.


                              Executive Directors:
                              Dong Xin (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) (appointed on 14 January 2026)
                              Chen Zhongyue (resigned on 29 October 2025)
                              Jian Qin
                              Tang Yongbo (appointed on 27 June 2025)
                              Wang Junzhi (resigned on 22 May 2025)
                              Li Yuzhuo


                              Independent Non-Executive Directors:
                              Cheung Wing Lam Linus
                              Chung Shui Ming Timpson
                              Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny
                              Fan Chun Wah Andrew


                              Pursuant to the articles of association, Mr. Dong Xin, Mr. Tang Yongbo, Mr. Cheung Wing Lam Linus and
                              Mr. Fan Chun Wah Andrew will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and,
                              being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.


                              Please refer to Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for details of the emoluments of the
                              Directors.


                              INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                              The Company has received from each of its independent non-executive Directors the annual confirmation
                              of his independence and the Company considers that all independent non-executive Directors are currently
                              independent.




80
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND
CONTRACTS
Save for the service agreements between the Company and the executive Directors subsisted during 2025
or as at 31 December 2025, the Directors or his/her connected entity(ies) did not have any material
interest, whether directly or indirectly, in any significant transaction, arrangement or contract entered into
by the Company.


None of the Directors for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has an unexpired service
agreement which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation
(other than statutory compensation).


DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESSES
Unicom Group and A Share Company are engaged in telecommunications business and other related
businesses in China that are similar to and/or compete with those of the Company. Executive directors of
the Company also hold executive positions with Unicom Group and A Share Company. Please refer to the
section headed “Directors and Senior Management” on pages 28 to 39 of this annual report for further
details.


Mr. Tang Yongbo, an executive Director of the Company, serves as a non-executive director of HKT
Limited and HKT Management Limited (the trustee manager of the HKT Trust), and a non-executive
director and the deputy chairman of the Board of PCCW Limited.


Each of HKT Limited, HKT Management Limited and PCCW Limited is engaged in the
telecommunications business and other related businesses that may compete with those of the Company.


Apart from the above, there are no competing interests of directors which are disclosable under Rule
8.10(2)(b) of the Listing Rules at any time during the year of 2025 up to and including the date of this
report.


DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES
The names of all directors who have served on the boards of the subsidiaries of the Company during the
year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this report of directors are available on the
Company’ s website (www.chinaunicom.com.hk).


PERMITTED INDEMNITY
Pursuant to the Company’ s articles of association, subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every
Director shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all costs, charges, expenses, losses
and liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in the execution of his/her office or otherwise in relation
thereto. The Company has taken out insurance against the liability and costs associated with defending
any proceedings which may be brought against directors of the Group.




                                                                                                           81
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Report of Directors




                              EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY
                              As at 31 December 2025, the Group had approximately 235,950 employees, 819 employees and 482
                              employees in Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong-Macau-Taiwan and other countries, respectively.
                              Furthermore, the Group had approximately 9,179 temporary staff in Chinese Mainland. For the year
                              ended 31 December 2025, employee benefit expenses were approximately RMB66.55 billion (for the year
                              ended 31 December 2024: RMB64.93 billion), of which the salary of the contract employees was
                              approximately RMB43.11 billion (for the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB44.04 billion). The Group
                              endeavors to maintain its employees’ remuneration in line with the market trend and to remain
                              competitive. Employees’ remuneration is determined in accordance with the Group’ s remuneration and
                              bonus policies based on their performance. The Group also provides comprehensive benefit packages and
                              career development opportunities for its employees, including retirement benefits, housing benefits and
                              internal and external training programmes, which are tailored in accordance with individual needs.


                              CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
                              On 28 October 2022, CUCL, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Unicom Group entered into a
                              comprehensive services agreement (the “2023–2025 Comprehensive Services Agreement”) while
                              Finance Company ( “Finance Company”), a subsidiary of the Company, and Unicom Group entered into a
                              financial services agreement (the “2023–2025 Financial Services Agreement”). Pursuant to the 2023–
                              2025 Comprehensive Services Agreement, CUCL and Unicom Group agreed to provide services to each
                              other or by one to the other, including (i) use of telecommunications resources; (ii) property leasing; (iii)
                              value-added telecommunications services; (iv) materials procurement services; (v) engineering design and
                              construction and IT services; (vi) ancillary telecommunications services; (vii) comprehensive support
                              services and (viii) shared services. Pursuant to 2023–2025 Financial Services Agreement, Finance
                              Company agreed to provide financial services to Unicom Group. The above continuing connected
                              transactions will be for a term of three years from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025.


                              With the continuous expansion of operating scale and the continuous improvement of the centralised
                              capital management capabilities of CUCL, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and subject to the
                              satisfaction of the daily operation of CUCL and its subsidiary, Finance Company, the actual amount of the
                              lending and other credit services between Finance Company and Unicom Group in 2023 (RMB4,633
                              million) was close to the cap of the transaction (RMB4,650 million). In order to further satisfy the
                              capital management needs of CUCL and enhance the capital efficiency, on 19 March 2024, the Board
                              approved Finance Company and Unicom Group to enter into a supplemental agreement to revise the caps,
                              being the daily lending and other credit services balance (including accrued interests) for the lending and
                              other credit services to be provided by Finance Company to Unicom Group under the 2023–2025
                              Financial Services Agreement for each of the two years ending 31 December 2024 and 2025 to
                              RMB7,500 million, respectively. Save as disclosed above, all other terms and conditions under the
                              2023–2025 Financial Services Agreement remain unchanged and valid.




82
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




Unicom Group is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company and is therefore a connected person
of the Company under the Listing Rules. Details of the continuing connected transactions under the
2023–2025 Comprehensive Services Agreement and the 2023–2025 Financial Services Agreement are
as follows:


(1)    Use of Telecommunications Resources
       Unicom Group agrees to provide to CUCL:


       (a)    certain international telecommunications resources (including international
              telecommunications channel gateways, international telecommunications service gateways,
              international submarine cable capacity, international land cables and international satellite
              facilities); and


       (b)    certain other telecommunications facilities required by CUCL for its operations.


              The usage charges of international telecommunications resources and other
              telecommunications facilities are based on the annual depreciation and amortisation
              charges of such resources and telecommunications facilities provided that such charges
              would not be higher than the market rates. CUCL will be responsible for the on-going
              maintenance of such international telecommunications resources. CUCL and Unicom Group
              will determine and agree which party is to provide maintenance service for the
              telecommunications facilities referred to in paragraph (b) above. Unless otherwise agreed
              by CUCL and Unicom Group, such maintenance service charges would be borne by CUCL.
              If Unicom Group is responsible for maintaining any telecommunications facilities referred
              to in paragraph (b) above, CUCL will pay to Unicom Group the relevant maintenance
              service charges which will be determined with reference to market rates, or where there is
              no market rates will be agreed between the parties and determined based on reasonable
              costs plus reasonable profit margin. When determining the pricing standard or reasonable
              profit margin, to the extent practicable, management of the Company will take into account
              the rates of at least two similar and comparable transactions entered into with Independent
              Third Parties or the relevant industry profit margins in the corresponding period for
              reference. The net usage charges due to Unicom Group for the provision of the above
              telecommunications resources and facilities will be settled between CUCL and Unicom
              Group on a quarterly basis.


              For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group
              amounted to approximately RMB233 million.




                                                                                                        83
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Report of Directors




                              (2)   Property Leasing
                                    CUCL and Unicom Group agree to lease to each other properties and ancillary facilities owned by
                                    CUCL or Unicom Group (including their respective branches and subsidiaries).


                                    The rental charges for the leasing of each other properties and ancillary facilities are based on
                                    market rates. Where there is no market rate or it is not possible to determine the market rate, the
                                    rate will be negotiated and agreed between the two parties. Market rates refer to the rates at
                                    which the same or similar type of assets or services are provided by Independent Third Parties in
                                    the ordinary course of business and under normal commercial terms. Negotiated rates refer to the
                                    rates based on the reasonable costs plus the amount of the relevant taxes and reasonable profit
                                    margin. When determining the pricing standard or reasonable profit margin, to the extent
                                    practicable, management of the Company will take into account the rates of at least two similar
                                    and comparable transactions entered into with Independent Third Parties or the relevant industry
                                    profit margin in the corresponding period for reference. The rental charges are payable quarterly in
                                    arrears.


                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025, the rental charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group
                                    (relating to those leases of which the lease term is 12 months or less) amounted to approximately
                                    RMB1,151 million, the total value of right-of-use assets involved in the properties leased by CUCL
                                    (relating to those leases of which the lease term exceeds 12 months) amounted to approximately
                                    RMB260 million, and the rental charges paid by Unicom Group to CUCL was RMB41 million.


                              (3)   Value-added Telecommunications Services
                                    Unicom Group (or its subsidiaries) agrees to provide the customers of CUCL with various types of
                                    value- added telecommunications services.


                                    CUCL will settle the revenue generated from the value-added telecommunications services with the
                                    branches of Unicom Group (or its subsidiaries) on the condition that such settlement will be based
                                    on the average revenue for independent value-added telecommunications content providers who
                                    provide value- added telecommunications content to CUCL in the same region. The amount will be
                                    settled on a monthly basis.


                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total amount allocated to Unicom Group in relation to
                                    value- added telecommunications services amounted to approximately RMB93 million.


                              (4)   Materials Procurement Services
                                    Unicom Group agrees to provide comprehensive procurement services for imported and domestic
                                    telecommunications materials and other domestic non-telecommunications materials to CUCL.
                                    Unicom Group has also agreed to provide services on management of tenders, verification of
                                    technical specifications, installation, consulting and agency services. In addition, Unicom Group
                                    will sell materials to CUCL and resell the equipment purchased from the third parties, and will
                                    also provide storage and logistics services in relation to the above materials procurement.



84
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




      Charges for the provision of materials procurement services are calculated at the rate of:


      (a)    up to 3% of the contract value of those procurement contracts in the case of domestic
             materials procurement; and


      (b)    up to 1% of the contract value of those procurement contracts in the case of imported
             materials procurement.


      The charges for the provision of materials by Unicom Group, and the pricing and/or charging
      standard of the commission for various materials procurement services, and storage and logistics
      services relevant to the direct material procurement are based on the market rates. Where there is
      no market rate or it is not possible to determine the market rate, the rate will be negotiated and
      agreed between the two parties. Market rates refer to the rates at which the same or similar type
      of assets or services is provided by Independent Third Parties in the ordinary course of business
      and under normal commercial terms. Negotiated rates refer to the rates based on the reasonable
      costs incurred in providing the services plus the amount of the relevant taxes and reasonable profit
      margin. When determining the pricing standard or reasonable profit margin, to the extent
      practicable, management of the Company will take into account the rates of at least two similar
      and comparable transactions entered into with Independent Third Parties or the relevant industry
      profit margin in the corresponding period for reference. The service charges due to Unicom Group
      will be settled on a monthly basis.


      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group
      amounted to approximately RMB25 million.


(5)   Engineering Design and Construction and IT Services
      Unicom Group agrees to provide engineering design, construction and supervision services and IT
      services to CUCL. Engineering design services include planning and design, engineering inspection,
      telecommunications electronic engineering, telecommunications equipment engineering and
      corporate telecommunications engineering. Construction services include services relating to
      telecommunications equipment, telecommunications routing, power supplies, telecommunications
      conduit, and technical support systems. IT services include communications technology services
      (including construction and installation services, system integration services, software
      development, product sales and agent services, operation and maintenance services, and
      consultation services).


      The charges for the provision of engineering design and construction and IT services are based on
      market rates. Market rates refer to the rates at which the same or similar type of products or
      services are provided by Independent Third Parties in the ordinary course of business and under
      normal commercial terms. When determining the pricing standard, to the extent practicable,
      management of the Company will take into account the rates of at least two similar and
      comparable transactions entered into with Independent Third Parties in the corresponding period



                                                                                                          85
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Report of Directors




                                    for reference. In the event the recipient will determine the specific provider of engineering design
                                    and construction and IT services through tender, the provider shall be no less qualified and
                                    equipped than the Independent Third Parties, and shall participate in the tender procedure on an
                                    equal footing with the Independent Third Parties. Under such circumstances, the pricing will be
                                    determined by the final rate according to the tender procedure. The service charges will be settled
                                    between CUCL and Unicom Group as and when the relevant services are provided.


                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group
                                    amounted to approximately RMB945 million.


                              (6)   Ancillary Telecommunications Services
                                    Unicom Group agrees to provide ancillary telecommunications services to CUCL. These services
                                    include certain telecommunications pre-sale, on-sale and after-sale services such as assembling and
                                    repairing of certain client telecommunications equipment, sales agency services, printing and
                                    invoice delivery services, maintenance of telephone booths, customers acquisitions and servicing
                                    and other customers’ services.


                                    The charges payable for the provision of ancillary telecommunications services are determined by
                                    the market rates between the two parties. Where there is no market rate or it is not possible to
                                    determine the market rates, the rate will be negotiated and agreed between the two parties.
                                    Market rates refer to the rates at which the same or similar type of assets or services are provided
                                    by Independent Third Parties under normal commercial terms. Negotiated rates refer to the rates
                                    based on the reasonable costs plus the amount of the relevant taxes and reasonable profit margin.
                                    When determining the pricing standard or reasonable profit margin, to the extent practicable,
                                    management of the Company will take into account the rates of at least two similar and
                                    comparable transactions entered into with Independent Third Parties or the relevant industry
                                    profit margin in the corresponding period for reference. The service charges will be settled between
                                    CUCL and Unicom Group as and when the relevant services are provided.


                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total services charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group
                                    amounted to approximately RMB1,080 million.


                              (7)   Comprehensive Support Services
                                    Unicom Group and CUCL agree to provide comprehensive support services to each other, including
                                    dining services, facilities leasing services (excluding those facilities which are provided under the
                                    paragraph headed “Use of Telecommunications Resources” above), vehicle services, health and
                                    medical services, labour services, security services, hotel and conference services, gardening
                                    services, decoration and renovation services, construction agency, equipment maintenance services,
                                    market development, sanitary services, parking services, staff trainings, storage services,
                                    advertising services, marketing, property management services.




86
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




      CUCL agrees to provide comprehensive services to Unicom Group, including sales services,
      technical support services, research and development services, communication services and
      communications technology services (including construction and installation services, system
      integration services, software development, product sales and agent services, operation and
      maintenance services, and consultation services).


      The service charges are determined by the market rates between the two parties. Where there is no
      market rate or it is not possible to determine the market rate, the rate will be negotiated and
      agreed between the two parties. Market rates refer to the rates at which the same or similar type
      of assets or services are provided by Independent Third Parties under normal commercial terms.
      Negotiated rates refer to the rates based on the reasonable costs plus the amount of the relevant
      taxes and reasonable profit margin. When determining the pricing standard or reasonable profit
      margin, to the extent practicable, management of the Company will take into account the rates of
      at least two similar and comparable transactions entered into with Independent Third Parties or
      the relevant industry profit margin in the corresponding period for reference. The service charges
      will be settled between CUCL and Unicom Group as and when the relevant services are provided.


      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total services charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group
      amounted to approximately RMB765 million, and the total services charges paid by Unicom Group
      to CUCL amounted to approximately RMB358 million.


(8)   Shared Services
      Unicom Group and CUCL agree to provide shared services to each other, including, but not limited
      to, the following: (a) CUCL will provide headquarter human resources services to Unicom Group;
      (b) CUCL will provide business support centre services to Unicom Group; (c) CUCL will provide
      hosting services related to the services referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above to Unicom
      Group; and (d) Unicom Group will provide premises to CUCL and other shared services requested
      by its headquarters. Unicom Group and CUCL will share the costs related to the shared services
      proportionately in accordance with their respective total assets value, except that the total assets
      value of the overseas subsidiaries and the listed company of Unicom Group will be excluded from
      the total asset value of Unicom Group, and the shared costs proportion will be agreed between
      Unicom Group and CUCL in accordance with the total assets value set out in the financial
      statements provided to each other, as adjusted in accordance with their respective total assets
      value on an annual basis.


      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total services charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group
      amounted to approximately RMB77 million, and the services charges paid by Unicom Group to
      CUCL was negligible.




                                                                                                        87
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Report of Directors




                              (9)   Financial Services
                                    Finance Company agrees to provide financial services to Unicom Group, including deposit services,
                                    lending and other credit services, and other financial services. Other financial services include
                                    settlement services, entrusted loans, financial and financing consultation, entrusted investment,
                                    bond underwriting, consultation, agency business, and other businesses approved by China Banking
                                    and Insurance Regulatory Commission or its agency for Finance Company.


                                    The key pricing policies are follows:


                                    Finance Company agrees to provide financial services to Unicom Group. The interest rate or fee
                                    standard will be determined in strict accordance with the relevant regulations of the People’ s
                                    Bank of China and the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and other
                                    institutions, as follows:


                                    (a)    Deposit Services
                                           The maximum and minimum deposit interest rates will follow the provisions of the People’ s
                                           Bank of China for deposits of the same period and the same type, and be determined with
                                           reference to the interest rate for the same period and same type of deposit offered to
                                           Unicom Group by the major cooperative commercial banks of Unicom Group and/or
                                           offered by Finance Company to other clients, and will be on normal commercial terms.


                                    (b)    Lending and other credit services
                                           The lending and other credit services interest rates will follow the relevant provisions of the
                                           People’ s Bank of China, which will be based on Loan Prime Rate and be determined with
                                           reference to the interest rate for the same period and same type of lending and other credit
                                           services offered to the same type of corporations by the major cooperative commercial
                                           banks of Unicom Group and/or offered by Finance Company to its other clients, and will be
                                           on normal commercial terms. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the maximum daily
                                           lending and other credit services balance (including accrued interests) amounted to
                                           approximately RMB6,904 million.


                                    (c)    Other financial services
                                           The rate of financial services will be determined according to the principles of fairness and
                                           reasonableness, as well as the fair market price or the standards set by the state. The fees
                                           to be charged by Finance Company for the provision of the financial services to Unicom
                                           Group will comply with the relevant prescribed rates for such services as determined by the
                                           institutions, including the People’ s Bank of China or the China Banking and Insurance
                                           Regulatory Commission, etc. Where no relevant prescribed rate is applicable, the fee will be
                                           determined with reference to market rates of similar financial services charges and agreed
                                           fairly between the parties. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total fees paid by
                                           Unicom Group to Finance Company amounted to approximately RMB2 million.


                                    The service charges will be settled between Finance Company and Unicom Group as and when the
                                    relevant services are provided.


88
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




For the financial year ended 31 December 2025, the above continuing connected transactions have not
exceeded their respective caps.


The Company has formulated and strictly implemented various systems including the Administrative
Measures of Connected Transactions of China Unicom to ensure that connected transactions are properly
entered into in accordance with pricing mechanisms and the terms of the transactions are fair and
reasonable and are in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.


The staff from the relevant business departments and the connected persons of the Company will
negotiate the pricing terms of the continuing connected transactions. These pricing terms will be
determined in accordance with the pricing policy principles set out in the 2023–2025 Comprehensive
Services Agreement and the 2023–2025 Financial Services Agreement, which should be fair and
reasonable and subject to the review of the finance department. For the year ended 31 December 2025,
the Company has followed the pricing policies principles set out in the 2023–2025 Comprehensive
Services Agreement and the 2023–2025 Financial Services Agreement when determining the pricing
terms.


The legal department is responsible for the review of the agreement for connected transactions. The
finance department takes the lead in the daily management and supervision of connected transactions,
including liaising with the relevant business departments for account reconciliation with connected
parties, monitoring the implementation of connected transactions together with business departments on a
routine basis and performing supervisory examination. The finance department regularly reports the status
of the implementation of connected transactions to the Audit Committee. The audit department includes
review on connected transactions into the scope of annual internal control assessment and reports the
results to the management.


Furthermore, the aforesaid continuing connected transactions have been reviewed by independent
non- executive Directors of the Company. In accordance with paragraph 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the
independent non-executive Directors confirmed that the aforesaid continuing connected transactions were
entered into (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b) either on normal
commercial terms or better or, if there are not sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they
are on normal commercial terms, on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available to or
from independent third parties; and (c) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on
terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.


The Company’ s independent auditor was engaged to report on the Group’ s continuing connected
transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to
Practice Note 740 “Auditor’ s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The independent auditor has
issued an unqualified letter containing his findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected




                                                                                                         89
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Report of Directors




                              transactions disclosed by the Group in pages 82 to 89 of this annual report in accordance with
                              paragraph14A.56 of the Listing Rules. The independent auditors’ letter has confirmed that nothing has
                              come to their attention that cause them to believe that the continuing connected transactions:


                              (A)      have not been approved by the Board;


                              (B)      were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group as stated in
                                       this annual report;


                              (C)      were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
                                       the continuing connected transactions; and


                              (D)      have exceeded their respective annual caps for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 set out
                                       in the previous announcements of the Company.


                              The Company confirms that it has complied with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in
                              relation to all connected transactions and continuing connected transactions to which any Group member
                              was a party during 2025. Please refer to Note 43 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary
                              of the related party transactions entered into by the members of the Group for the year ended 31
                              December 2025. Only those connected transactions specified in note 43.1 and 43.2 of the consolidated
                              financial statements constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing
                              Rules, the details of which (except for fully exempt continuing connected transactions) have been
                              disclosed in the paragraph “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the Report of the Directors above.
                              Other related party transactions do not constitute connected transactions or continuing connected
                              transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


                              On 18 September 2025, CUCL entered into the 2026–2028 Comprehensive Services Agreement (the
                              “2026–2028 Comprehensive Services Agreement”) with Unicom Group, and Finance Company entered
                              into the 2026–2028 Financial Services Agreement (the “2026–2028 Financial Services Agreement”)
                              with Unicom Group. Pursuant to the 2026–2028 Comprehensive Services Agreement, CUCL and Unicom
                              Group agreed to provide services to each other or by one to the other, including (i) use of
                              telecommunications resources and facilities; (ii) property leasing; (iii) value-added telecommunications
                              services; (iv) materials procurement services; (v) engineering design and construction and IT services; (vi)
                              ancillary telecommunications services; (vii) comprehensive support services and (viii) shared services.
                              Pursuant to the 2026–2028 Financial Services Agreement, Finance Company agreed to provide financial
                              services to Unicom Group. The above continuing connected transactions will be for a term of three years
                              from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2028.


                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
                              Report on the Company’ s corporate governance is set out in “Corporate Governance Report” on pages 40
                              to 75.




90
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
As a company incorporated in Hong Kong and listed in Hong Kong, the Company adopts the Companies
Ordinance of Hong Kong, the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong, Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Company’ s Articles of
Association and other related laws and regulations as the basic guidelines for the Company’ s corporate
governance.


The principal activities of Company’ s subsidiaries are the provision of comprehensive telecommunications
services. The Company is required to comply with the Cybersecurity Law of the People’ s Republic of
China, Telecommunications Regulations of the People’ s Republic of China, Administrative Regulations on
Telecommunications Companies with Foreign Investments and other related laws and regulations. At the
same time, overseas subsidiaries of the Company are also required to comply with the related laws and
regulations where their business operations are located.


For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company had not been involved in any material litigation,
arbitration or administrative proceedings. So far as the Company is aware of, no such material litigation,
arbitration or administrative proceedings were pending or threatened as at 31 December 2025.


PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on publicly available information and so far as Directors are aware, the Company has maintained
the specified amount of public float as required by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange during the year ended
31 December 2025 and as at the date of this annual report.


DONATIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group made charitable and other donations in an aggregate
amount of approximately RMB7.392 million.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
For the purpose of ascertaining the shareholders’ rights to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting
(and any adjournment thereof) on 26 May 2026, and entitlement to the 2025 Final Dividend, the register
of members of the Company will be closed for registration of transfer of shares. Details of such closures
are set out below:


(1)    For ascertaining the shareholders’ rights to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting
       (and any adjournment thereof):
       Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration                4:30 p.m. of 15 May 2026
       Closure of register of members                                From 18 May 2026 to 26 May 2026
       Record date                                                                          18 May 2026


(2)    For ascertaining the shareholders’ entitlement to the 2025 Final Dividend:
       Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration                 4:30 p.m. of 4 June 2026
       Closure of register of members                                                         5 June 2026
       Final Dividend Record date                                                             5 June 2026


                                                                                                        91
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Report of Directors




                              During the above closure periods, no transfer of shares will be registered. To be eligible to attend and vote
                              at the Annual General Meeting, and to qualify for the 2025 Final Dividend, all transfers, accompanied by
                              the relevant certificates, must be lodged with the Company’ s Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong
                              Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’ s Road East,
                              Wan Chai, Hong Kong, by no later than the aforementioned latest times.


                              WITHHOLDING AND PAYMENT OF ENTERPRISE INCOME TAX FOR NON-
                              RESIDENT ENTERPRISES IN RESPECT OF 2025 FINAL DIVIDEND
                              Pursuant to (i) the “Notice Regarding Matters on Determination of Tax Residence Status of Chinese-
                              controlled Offshore Incorporated Enterprises under Rules of Effective Management” (the “Notice”)
                              issued by the State Taxation Administration of the People’ s Republic of China (the “STA”); (ii) the
                              “Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’ s Republic of China” (the “Enterprise Income Tax Law”) and
                              the “Detailed Rules for the Implementation of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’ s Republic of
                              China” (the “Implementation Rules”); and (iii) information obtained from the STA, the Company is
                              required to withhold and pay enterprise income tax when it pays the 2025 Final Dividend to its non-
                              resident enterprise shareholders. The enterprise income tax is 10% on the amount of dividend paid to
                              non-resident enterprise shareholders (the “Enterprise Income Tax”), and the withholding and payment
                              obligation lies with the Company.


                              As a result of the foregoing, in respect of any shareholders whose names appear on the Company’ s
                              register of members on the Final Dividend Record Date and who are not individuals (including HKSCC
                              Nominees Limited, other custodians, corporate nominees and trustees such as securities companies and
                              banks, and other entities or organisations), the Company will distribute the 2025 Final Dividend payable
                              to them after deducting the amount of Enterprise Income Tax payable on such dividend. Investors who
                              invest in the shares in the Company listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                              Limited through the Shanghai Stock Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange (the Shanghai-Hong Kong
                              Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect investors) are investors who hold shares through
                              HKSCC Nominees Limited, and in accordance with the above requirements, the Company will pay to
                              HKSCC Nominees Limited the amount of the 2025 Final Dividend after deducting the amount of
                              Enterprise Income Tax payable on such dividend.


                              In respect of any shareholders whose names appear on the Company’ s register of members on the Final
                              Dividend Record Date and who are individual shareholders, there will be no deduction of Enterprise
                              Income Tax from the dividend that such shareholder is entitled to.


                              Shareholders who are not individual shareholders listed on the Company’ s register of members and who
                              (i) are resident enterprises of the People’ s Republic of China (the “PRC”) (as defined in the Enterprise
                              Income Tax Law), or (ii) are enterprises deemed to be resident enterprises of the PRC in accordance with
                              the Notice, and who, in each case, do not desire to have the Company withhold Enterprise Income Tax




92
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




from their 2025 Final Dividend, should lodge with the Company’ s Share Registrar, Computershare Hong
Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’ s Road
East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, at or before 4:30 p.m. of 4 June 2026, and present the documents from such
shareholder’ s governing tax authority within the territory of the PRC confirming that the Company is not
required to withhold and pay Enterprise Income Tax in respect of the dividend that such shareholder is
entitled to.


If anyone would like to change the identity of the holders in the register of members, please enquire about
the relevant procedures with the nominees or trustees. The Company will withhold for payment of the
Enterprise Income Tax for its non-resident enterprise shareholders strictly in accordance with the relevant
laws and requirements of the relevant government agencies and adhere strictly to the information set out
in the Company’ s register of members on the Final Dividend Record Date. The Company assumes no
liability whatsoever in respect of and will not entertain any claims, arising from any delay in, or
inaccurate determination of, the status of the shareholders, or any disputes over the mechanism of
withholding and payment of Enterprise Income Tax.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
Other than employment contracts, no contract concerning the management and administration of the
whole or any substantial part of the Company’ s business was entered into or existed during 2025.


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
The Hong Kong financial reporting for the year ended 31 December 2025 has been audited by Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu, which will retire and, being eligible, offer itself for re-appointment at the 2026 annual
general meeting. A resolution to re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and to authorise the Directors to fix
its respective remuneration will be proposed at the 2026 annual general meeting.




By Order of the Board
Dong Xin
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


Hong Kong, 19 March 2026




                                                                                                         93
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




Human Resources
Development
                              China Unicom adheres to the principle of being employee-friendly, and has always strived to drive the
                              mutual growth of employees and the Company, and continuously stimulates the vitality and development
                              momentum of its workforce. In 2025, China Unicom further deepened the implementation of its strategy
                              of strengthening the Company with talent, optimised the talent structure, focused on improving personnel
                              efficiency, and established a healthy performance evaluation culture, thereby driving the formation of a
                              favorable situation where the “three teams” of management talents, professional technical talents, and
                              skilled talents. The teams perform their duties, fulfil their responsibilities, showcase their abilities, and
                              achieve interconnected growth.

                              Continuously strengthened comprehensive analysis and planning, and continued to select and
                              enhance the management team. The Company carried out in-depth analysis and planning for the
                              building of management teams of subsidiaries. By fully leveraging the enthusiasm of management
                              personnel of all age groups, the Company continuously increased efforts to cultivate and utilise
                              outstanding young management talents, and consistently enhanced the construction of the management
                              personnel echelon. The Company provided targeted training for outstanding management talents, and
                              carried out cross-regional and cross-position exchange and training in an organised and planned manner,
                              placed them on the frontline of operation and development for practical experience, and in major projects
                              and important positions for further tempering. China Unicom continued to improve the supervision system
                              for management personnel, combining daily and special supervision to enhance supervisory effectiveness.
                              The Company continuously promoted the term system and contractual management for management
                              personnel, strengthened the application of assessment and evaluation results, and deepened upward and
                              downward mobility for management personnel. The Company continuously carried out the initiatives of
                              “Incentivising Responsibility and Action, Boosting the Spirit of Entrepreneurship”, continuously guiding
                              the establishment and practice of a correct outlook on performance.

                              Continued to accelerate the establishment of a strategic talent team, with notable strengthening
                              of the high-level scientific and technological talents and high-skilled talents. The Company
                              continuously optimised the talent structure that supports high-quality development, made solid progress in
                              talent cultivation, and continuously enhancing the quality and efficiency of talents, both the scale and
                              quality of the talents have advanced. The scale of scientific and technological talents continued to expand,
                              and the Company established a team of a hundred high-level scientific and technological talents. It
                              strengthened tailored “one talent, one plan” development support and liaison services, and implemented
                              dedicated programmes to support young scientific and technological talents, thereby fully stimulating
                              their initiative and creativity and effectively enabling them to unleash their potential. The structure of
                              skilled talents has been continuously optimised, with a focus on strengthening the high-skilled talent
                              teams, including establishing a team of superior technicians, and enhancing skilled talents’ overall quality,
                              skill levels and innovation capabilities.

                              Continued to build an education and training system, strengthening systematic training and
                              development. With a focus on the objectives of resource coordination, practical training emphasis and
                              differentiated capability enhancement, the Company formulated and implemented annual key training
                              plans for the “three teams” and continued to carry out targeted training programmes. The Company
                              implemented the fundamental training system and continued to organise key programmes such as training
                              programmes for management personnel, advanced study programmes for young and middle-aged



94
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025




management personnel, and exemplary programmes for outstanding management talents. With a focus on
enhancing professional capabilities, the Company optimised and iterated professional capability
certification standards and coordinated empowerment training across various professional fields. With a
focus on capability self-development, the Company improved the certification system centred on key
businesses, enhanced supporting course and question banks, and continued to implement position
competency certification.

Continued to strengthen overall workforce size management and steadily improve labour
efficiency. The Company reinforced a performance-oriented approach, streamlined and efficiently
allocated labour resources, and promoted a reasonable alignment between total workforce and operating
performance. In line with the national stable employment policies, the Company actively fulfilled its
corporate social responsibilities by providing job opportunities to university graduates, and it has recruited
more than 20,000 university graduates over the past three years. The proportions of graduates with
bachelor’ s, master’ s and doctoral degrees in science and engineering majors have reached record highs.
The quality of talent recruitment has steadily improved, and the team of young scientific and technological
talents has continued to expand. The Company strengthened overall workforce planning, broadened
personnel exit channels, intensified market-oriented exit and adjustment efforts, further optimised the
workforce structure and continued to improve labour efficiency.

Continued to strengthen and improve remuneration distribution management, enhancing labour
cost effectiveness and employees’ perception of remuneration. The Company optimised the labour
cost allocation mechanism by linking wage growth to profit growth, raised the adjustment ratio of existing
amounts, and closely linked the efficiency indicators to dynamic adjustments, improving the efficiency of
resource allocation for labour costs. The Company reshaped the remuneration distribution system focusing
on the “three teams”, standardised remuneration management for management personnel, strengthened
positive incentives for scientific and technological talents, allocated a specific total wage budget to
support the development of strategic emerging and key fields as well as high-level talent teams, and fully
utilised remuneration support policies for skilled talents, adhering to the principles of “higher
performance and superior skills are rewarded with higher remuneration”, continuously optimising the
remuneration structure and reasonably determining remuneration levels across different groups. The
Company carried out medium and long-term incentive programmes and advanced the share unlocks for
Phase II of restricted share of China United Network Communications Limited ( “the A-share
Company”) incentive scheme, thereby building a community of shared interests and risks.


                              ANALYSIS OF STAFF COMPOSITION
PERSONNEL BY PROFESSION                               BY AGE                     BY EDUCATION BACKGROUND

                                                                 16.3%                                    11.5%
 20.0%                                 20.6%                                      19.1%
                           51.1%




28.9%                                                               63.1%                                      69.4%

  Marketing              Technical      Under 30 years old     Between            Postgraduate or above   Bachelor degree
                                                               30-50 years old
  Management & Support                  Over 50 years old                         College or below


For further details of Human Resources Development, please refer to the relevant sections of the Company’ s
detailed Sustainability Report 2025. Please visit the Company’ s website at www.chinaunicom.com.hk.


                                                                                                                     95
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




Independent
Auditor’s Report


z

TO THE MEMBERS OF CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG) LIMITED
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 101 to 213, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at
31 December 2025, the consolidated statement of income, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement
of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements,
including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at
31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with
HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly
prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our
report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as
applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




96
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




Key audit matters                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matters

Revenue recognition

We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter because there      Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition comprising both
is an inherent industry risk around the accuracy of revenue recorded by    control testing and substantive procedures on a sample basis,
the IT billing systems given the complexity of the systems and the         included involving our internal IT specialists to assist with:
significance of volumes of data processed by the systems.
                                                                           •      Testing the IT environment in which the billing systems
In general, revenues are recognised separately for each service/product           reside, including interface controls between different IT
included in contracts as performance obligations are satisfied. The               applications.
data records are captured and the revenue transactions are recorded by
the IT systems.                                                            •      Testing the key controls over the calculation of the amounts
                                                                                  billed to customers and the capturing and recording of the
Details of the accounting policies for revenue recognition and an                 revenue transactions.
analysis of revenues are disclosed in Notes 2.25 and 7, respectively, to
the consolidated financial statements.                                     •      Testing the key controls over the authorisation of the rate
                                                                                  changes and the input of such rates to the billing systems.


                                                                           •      Testing the end-to-end reconciliations from data records to
                                                                                  the billing systems and to the general ledger.


                                                                           •      Testing the accuracy of customer bill calculations and the
                                                                                  respective revenue transactions recorded.


                                                                           •      Testing revenue transactions by comparing the amounts
                                                                                  recognised in general ledger to supporting documents,
                                                                                  including customer bills, contracts, project schedules and
                                                                                  acceptance reports.




                                                                                                                                            97
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Independent Auditor’s Report




Key audit matters                                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matters

Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets

We identified the impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets as a key     Our procedures in relation to the impairment of goodwill and long-
audit matter because the impairment assessment of the cash-                 lived assets included:
generating unit to which those assets belong requires the management
to exercise significant judgments relating to the estimation of level of    •      With the assistance of our internal valuation specialists,
revenue, amount of operating costs and applicable discount rate.                   assessing the discount rate and assumptions used by the
                                                                                   management in the value in use model and comparing the
Details of the accounting policies for impairment of goodwill and long-            discount rate used by the management to externally derived
lived assets and the related accounting estimates are disclosed in                 data and our own assessments of key inputs used in deriving
Notes 2.8, 2.13 and 4.2, respectively, to the consolidated financial               the discount rate.
statements. Details of goodwill impairment assessment are disclosed in
Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.                           •      With the assistance of our internal valuation specialists,
                                                                                   comparing the key inputs to the projected cash flows, such
                                                                                   as the revenue growth rate and amount of operating costs,
                                                                                   with corresponding historical data to evaluate the
                                                                                   reasonableness of the management’s projections.


                                                                            •      Assessing and challenging the significant judgments and
                                                                                   estimates used in the management’s impairment assessment
                                                                                   and evaluating the sensitivity analysis performed by the
                                                                                   management.


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




98
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal
control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors
either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance
with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
       and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
       for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
       fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
       circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made
       by the directors.




                                                                                                                                              99
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Independent Auditor’s Report




•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained,
       whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue
       as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the
       related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
       conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
       cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether
       the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
       business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We are responsible for the
       direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our
       audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our
auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine
that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ip Kan Wah (practising certificate number: P06525).




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
19 March 2026




100
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                                     Consolidated Statement
                                                                                  of Income
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                             (All amounts in Renminbi (“RMB”) millions, except per share data)




                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                                                           Notes                 2025                 2024

 Revenue                                                                                     7                392,223             389,589


 Interconnection charges                                                                                       (11,035)            (11,224)
 Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                 (80,831)            (83,392)
 Network, operation and support expenses                                                     8                 (65,226)            (64,320)
 Employee benefit expenses                                                                   9                 (66,551)            (64,931)
 Costs of telecommunications products sold                                                  10                 (42,937)            (42,466)
 Other operating expenses                                                                   11               (107,052)           (107,223)
 Finance costs                                                                              12                  (1,276)             (1,784)
 Interest income                                                                                                 1,771               1,981
 Share of net profit of associates                                                                               2,668               2,592
 Share of net profit of joint ventures                                                                           1,487               1,481
 Other income — net                                                                         13                   2,212               4,951

 Profit before income tax                                                                                       25,453              25,254
 Income tax expenses                                                                        14                  (4,543)             (4,521)

 Profit for the year                                                                                            20,910              20,733

 Profit attributable to:
   Equity shareholders of the Company                                                                           20,816              20,613
   Non-controlling interests                                                                                        94                 120

 Profit for the year                                                                                            20,910              20,733

 Earnings per share for profit attributable to equity shareholders of
   the Company during the year:
 Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                                             15                    0.68                0.67

 Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                                                           15                    0.68                0.67



The notes on pages 110 to 213 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                         101
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




Consolidated Statement
of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions)




                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                      2025            2024

 Profit for the year                                                                                 20,910          20,733

 Other comprehensive (expense) income


 Items that will not be reclassified to statement of income:
   Changes in fair value of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive
      income (“FVOCI”) (non-recycling)                                                                  (59)           165
   Tax effect on changes in fair value of financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)             (2)                (7)

   Changes in fair value of financial assets measured at FVOCI, net of tax (non-recycling)              (61)           158
   Others                                                                                               13                 (33)

                                                                                                        (48)           125

 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to statement of income:
   Changes in fair value of financial assets measured at FVOCI, net of tax (recycling)                  (19)               14
   Currency translation differences                                                                    (195)           124

                                                                                                       (214)           138

 Other comprehensive (expense) income for the year, net of tax                                         (262)           263

 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             20,648          20,996

 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
   Equity shareholders of the Company                                                                20,554          20,875
   Non-controlling interests                                                                            94             121

 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             20,648          20,996



The notes on pages 110 to 213 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




102
                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                                     Consolidated Statement
                                                        of Financial Position
                                                                              At 31 December 2025
                                                                     (All amounts in RMB millions)




                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                            Notes     2025                2024
                                                                                 (Re-presented)

ASSETS
Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                              16     345,611            351,530
  Right-of-use assets                                        17      38,665             47,522
  Goodwill                                                   18       2,771              2,771
  Interest in associates                                     20      45,792             45,058
  Interest in joint ventures                                 21      12,640             11,453
  Deferred income tax assets                                 14       1,541              1,256
  Contract assets                                            22         446                  77
  Contract costs                                             23       7,942              8,868
  Financial assets measured at fair value                    24       5,132              4,667
  Long-term bank deposits                                            15,580             15,185
  Other assets                                               26      24,539             24,050

                                                                    500,659            512,437

Current assets
  Inventories                                                27       2,431              2,463
  Contract assets                                            22         650                283
  Accounts receivable                                        28      65,994             58,874
  Prepayments and other current assets                       29      31,671             33,324
  Financial assets measured at fair value                    24      21,398              9,150
  Short-term bank deposits and restricted deposits           25      21,706             26,226
  Cash and cash equivalents                                  30      25,109             28,480

                                                                    168,959            158,800

Total assets                                                        669,618            671,237




                                                                                             103
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions)




                                                                     As at 31 December

                                                             Notes     2025              2024
                                                                                (Re-presented)

 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
   Share capital                                              31     254,056         254,056
   Reserves                                                   32      (8,297)         (10,378)
   Retained profits
      — Proposed final dividend                               33       4,066             4,779
      — Others                                                       118,457         112,588

                                                                     368,282         361,045

 Non-controlling interests                                             2,585             2,525

 Total equity                                                        370,867         363,570

 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
   Long-term loans                                            34       3,928             2,128
   Lease liabilities                                          35      16,135           24,222
   Deferred income tax liabilities                            14       2,745             1,306
   Deferred revenue                                           36       8,025             8,229
   Other obligations                                          37        928              1,110

                                                                      31,761           36,995




104
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                           As at 31 December

                                                                                           Notes             2025               2024
                                                                                                                        (Re-presented)

 Current liabilities
   Short-term bank loans                                                                    38                 966                711
   Current portion of long-term loans                                                       34                 589                727
   Lease liabilities                                                                        35              12,469             13,419
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                 39            187,088            188,162
   Bills payable                                                                                            13,579             15,484
   Taxes payable                                                                                             2,405              2,683
   Current portion of other obligations                                                     37               2,509              2,495
   Contract liabilities                                                                     22              47,018             46,765
   Advances from customers                                                                                     367                226

                                                                                                          266,990            270,672

 Total liabilities                                                                                        298,751            307,667

 Total equity and liabilities                                                                             669,618            671,237

 Net current liabilities                                                                                   (98,031)          (111,872)

 Total assets less current liabilities                                                                    402,628            400,565



The notes on pages 110 to 213 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 19 March 2026 and signed on behalf of the Board by:




 Dong Xin                                           Li Yuzhuo
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer                Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer




                                                                                                                                    105
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




Consolidated Statement
of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions)




                                                                       Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                  General   Investment                                                                   Non-
                                                         Share       risk   revaluation     Statutory          Other        Retained               controlling     Total
                                               Notes    capital   reserve       reserve      reserves       reserves         profits      Total      interests    equity


Balance at 1 January 2024                              254,056       987        (9,277)        35,933        (40,555)       110,330     351,474         2,424    353,898
Total comprehensive income for the year                     —         —            150             —            112          20,613      20,875           121     20,996
Contribution from non-controlling interests                 —         —             —              —               1              —          1             21        22
Share of associate’s other reserves                         —         —             —              —              13              —         13             —         13
Appropriation to statutory reserves                         —         —             —           1,897             —           (1,897)        —             —          —
Dividends relating to 2023 final                33          —         —             —              —              —           (4,088)    (4,088)           —      (4,088)
Dividends relating to 2024 interim              33          —         —             —              —              —           (7,591)    (7,591)           —      (7,591)
Capital contribution relating to share-based
   payment borne by A Share Company             42          —         —             —              —            247               —        247             —        247
Others                                                      —         —             —              —            114               —        114            (41)       73

Balance at 31 December 2024                            254,056       987        (9,127)        37,830        (40,068)       117,367     361,045         2,525    363,570

Total comprehensive income for the year                     —         —            (59)            —            (203)        20,816      20,554            94     20,648
Contribution from non-controlling interests                 —         —             —              —              —               —          —             16        16
Share of associate’s other reserves                         —         —             —              —              19              —         19             —         19
Appropriation to statutory reserves                         —         —             —           2,188             —           (2,188)        —             —          —
Dividends relating to 2024 final                33          —         —             —              —              —           (4,779)    (4,779)           —      (4,779)
Dividends relating to 2025 interim              33          —         —             —              —              —           (8,693)    (8,693)           —      (8,693)
Capital contribution relating to share-based
   payment borne by A Share Company             42          —         —             —              —            118               —        118             —        118
Others                                                      —         —             —              —              18              —         18            (50)       (32)

Balance at 31 December 2025                            254,056       987        (9,186)        40,018        (40,116)       122,523     368,282         2,585    370,867



The notes on pages 110 to 213 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




106
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                                                                    Consolidated Statement
                                                                             of Cash Flows
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                 (All amounts in RMB millions)




                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                   2025               2024

Cash flows from operating activities
  Cash generated from operations                                                                 94,295              94,435
  Interest received                                                                                1,771              1,981
  Interest paid                                                                                   (1,208)            (1,797)
  Income tax paid                                                                                 (4,683)            (5,217)

  Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                      90,175              89,402

Cash flows from investing activities
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and other assets               (67,641)            (75,740)
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment and other assets                         1,751              1,976
  Acquisition of financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)          (1,466)            (1,062)
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets measured at FVPL                                        980              1,316
  Acquisition of debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                                  (43,480)             (6,020)
  Proceeds from disposal of debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                        31,513              22,330
  Decrease in other financial assets measured at amortised cost                                      993                 15
  Dividends received from financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)                         171               156
  Acquisition of interest in associates                                                              (61)               (65)
  Acquisition of interest in joint ventures                                                           —                 (87)
  Acquisition of a subsidiary                                                                         —                  (4)
  Proceeds from disposal of associates and subsidiary                                                531                 —
  Dividends received from associates                                                               1,648              1,772
  Dividends received from a joint venture                                                            300               360
  Placement of bank deposits and restricted deposits                                            (17,777)            (42,219)
  Release of short-term bank deposits and restricted deposits                                    22,785              13,016
  Lending by Unicom Group Finance Company Limited (“Finance Company”) to a related party          (4,900)            (8,400)
  Repayment of loans from a related party to Finance Company                                       5,000              8,000

  Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                    (69,653)            (84,656)




                                                                                                                          107
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions)




                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                                           Note       2025            2024

 Cash flows from financing activities
   Capital contributions from non-controlling interests                                                 16                 22
   Proceeds from short-term bank loans                                                                 960             710
   Proceeds from long-term loans                                                                      2,500            237
   Loans from related parties                                                                            —             546
   Repayment of short-term bank loans                                                                  (711)           (680)
   Repayment of long-term loans                                                                        (897)           (440)
   Capital element of lease rentals paid                                                            (13,384)        (12,887)
   Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the Company                                             (13,472)        (11,683)
   Net deposits with Finance Company                                                                  1,999            999
   Increase in statutory reserve deposits placed by Finance Company                                    (627)           (874)
   Repayment of other obligations                                                                      (185)               (14)

   Net cash outflow from financing activities                                                       (23,801)        (24,064)

 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                           (3,279)        (19,318)
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                      28,480          47,733
   Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate                                                           (92)               65

 Total cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                               30       25,109          28,480

 Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents:
   Cash balances                                                                                         —                  —
   Bank balances                                                                                     25,109          28,480

                                                                                                     25,109          28,480



The notes on pages 110 to 213 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




108
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




The reconciliation of profit before income tax to cash generated from operations is as follows:


                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                                 (Re-presented)

 Profit before income tax                                                                            25,453             25,254
 Adjustments for:
   Depreciation and amortisation                                                                     80,831             83,392
   Interest income                                                                                   (1,771)            (1,981)
   Finance costs                                                                                      1,202              1,733
   Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                 (2,694)            (2,827)
   Impairment losses under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model and write-down of inventories           5,536              7,275
   Dividends from financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)                                   (171)              (156)
   Gains on disposal of financial assets measured at FVPL                                               (60)               (17)
   Gains on disposal of financial assets measured at FVOCI (recycling)                                   —                  (1)
   Dividends from financial assets at FVPL                                                              (13)               (10)
   Investment income from debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                                (201)              (385)
   Investment income from debt securities measured at amortised cost                                    (23)               (23)
   Fair value gains on financial assets measured at FVPL                                                (20)               (49)
   Share of net profit of associates                                                                 (2,668)            (2,592)
   Share of net profit of joint ventures                                                             (1,487)            (1,481)
   Gain from disposal of associates and subsidiary                                                     (106)                —
   Expenses for restricted shares of A Share Company granted to the Group’s employees                  118                 247


 Changes in working capital:
   Increase in accounts receivable                                                                  (14,922)           (30,133)
   (Increase)/decrease in contract assets                                                              (737)                14
   Increase in contract costs                                                                        (5,270)            (7,400)
   Increase in inventories                                                                             (254)              (377)
   Decrease/(increase) in restricted deposits                                                          139                 (70)
   (Increase)/decrease in other assets                                                                 (834)               266
   Decrease/(increase) in prepayments and other current assets                                        2,467             (1,294)
   Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                               7,791             24,933
   Increase in other taxes payable                                                                     171                 435
   Increase/(decrease) in advances from customers                                                      141                 (76)
   Increase in contract liabilities                                                                    254                 573
   Increase/(decrease) in deferred revenue                                                            1,445               (870)
   (Decrease)/increase in other obligations                                                             (22)                55

 Cash generated from operations                                                                      94,295             94,435



The notes on pages 110 to 213 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                                                             109
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)



1.     ORGANISATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
       China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as a limited liability company in the Hong Kong Special
       Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”), the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) on 8 February 2000. The principal activity of the
       Company is investment holding. The Company principally holds controlling interests in China United Network Communications
       Corporation Limited (“CUCL”) and China Unicom Global Limited (“CUGL”). The principal activities of the Company’s subsidiaries
       are the provision of comprehensive telecommunications services. The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as the
       “Group”. The address of the Company’s registered office is 75th Floor, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong.


       The shares of the Company were listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”) on 22 June 2000.


       The substantial shareholders of the Company are China Unicom (BVI) Limited (“Unicom BVI”) and China Unicom Group
       Corporation (BVI) Limited (“Unicom Group BVI”). The majority of equity interests in Unicom BVI is owned by China United
       Network Communications Limited (hereinafter referred to as “A Share Company”), a joint stock company incorporated in the PRC on
       31 December 2001, with its A shares listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 9 October 2002.


       The directors of the Company consider Unicom BVI and China United Network Communications Group Company Limited (a
       state-owned enterprise established in the PRC, hereinafter referred to as “Unicom Group”) as the immediate holding company and
       ultimate holding company, respectively.


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
       The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These
       policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


       2.1    Statement of compliance
              The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the
              Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”), which collective term includes all applicable individual
              Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations
              issued by the HKICPA. The consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
              Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK (the “Listing Rules”) and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


       2.2    Basis of preparation
              The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial
              instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period.




110
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.2   Basis of preparation (Continued)
           The consolidated financial statements prepared by the PRC subsidiaries for PRC statutory reporting purposes are based on
           Chinese Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises issued by the Ministry of Finance (the “MOF”) of the PRC, which
           became effective from 1 January 2007 with certain transitional provisions. The Group also prepared consolidated financial
           statements in accordance with Chinese Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises (“PRC financial statements”). There
           are certain differences between the Group’s HKFRS Accounting Standard financial statements and PRC financial statements.
           The principal adjustments made to PRC financial statements to conform to HKFRS Accounting Standards include the
           following:


           •      reversal of the revaluation surplus or deficit and related amortisation charges arising from the revaluation of
                  prepayments for the leasehold land performed by independent valuers for the purpose of reporting to relevant PRC
                  government authorities, and adjustment for corresponding deferred taxation;


           •      recognition of goodwill associated with the acquisition of certain subsidiaries prior to 2005; and


           •      recognition of the dilution gain or loss of interest in equity method investees.


           (a)    Going Concern Assumption
                  As at 31 December 2025, current liabilities of the Group exceeded current assets by approximately RMB98.0 billion
                  (2024: approximately RMB111.9 billion). Considering the current economic conditions and taking into account of the
                  Group’s expected capital expenditure in the foreseeable future, management has comprehensively considered the
                  Group’s available sources of funds as follows:


                  •      The Group’s continuous net cash inflows from operating activities;


                  •      Approximately RMB204.9 billion of revolving banking facilities of which approximately RMB199.2 billion was
                         unutilised as at 31 December 2025; and


                  •      Other available sources of financing from domestic banks and other financial institutions in view of the Group’s
                         good credit history.


                  In addition, the Group believes that it has the ability to raise funds from short, medium and long-term perspectives and
                  maintain reasonable financing costs through appropriate financing portfolio.




                                                                                                                                      111
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.2    Basis of preparation (Continued)
              (a)     Going Concern Assumption (Continued)
                      Based on the above considerations, the Board of Directors is of the opinion that the Group has sufficient funds to meet
                      its working capital commitments, expected capital expenditure and debt obligations. As a result, the consolidated
                      financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 have been prepared on a going concern basis.


              (b)     Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgment
                      The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards require
                      management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported
                      amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
                      experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
                      form the basis of making the judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
                      other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


                      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
                      recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the
                      revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


                      Judgments made by management in the application of HKFRS Accounting Standards that have significant effect on the
                      consolidated financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 4.


              (c)     Accounting Standards Amendments
                      In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to an HKFRS Accounting Standard as issued by
                      HKICPA for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s financial year beginning on 1 January 2025
                      for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:


                      •      Amendments to HKAS 21, “Lack of Exchangeability”


                      The application of the above amendment has had no material effect on the Group’s financial positions and performance
                      for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




112
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.2   Basis of preparation (Continued)
           (d)   New standard and Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective:
                 The HKICPA has issued a number of new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards which are not yet effective
                 for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been early adopted in these consolidated financial
                 statements.


                                                                                                                        Effective for
                                                                                                                 accounting periods
                                                                                                                     beginning on or
                                                                                                                                after


                  •      Amendments to HKAS 21, “Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation                      1 January 2027
                            Currency”
                  •      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7, “Amendments to the Classification and                     1 January 2026
                            Measurement of Financial Instruments”
                  •      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7, “Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent                   1 January 2026
                            Electricity”
                  •      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28, “Sale or Contribution of Assets between an              to be determined
                            Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture”
                  •      Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards, “Annual Improvements to HKFRS                      1 January 2026
                            Accounting Standards — Volume 11”
                  •      HKFRS 18, “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements”                              1 January 2027


                 The Group has not applied any new standard and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that is not yet effective
                 for the current accounting period. The Group is assessing the impact of such new standard and amendments to
                 standards, and will adopt the relevant new standard and amendments in the subsequent periods as required. Except for
                 the new HKFRS Accounting Standard mentioned below, the Group anticipates that the application of all other
                 amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in
                 the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                                                 113
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.2    Basis of preparation (Continued)
              (d)     New standard and Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective: (Continued)
                      HKFRS 18, “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements”
                      HKFRS 18, “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements”, which sets out requirements on presentation and
                      disclosures in financial statements, will replace HKAS 1, “Presentation of Financial Statements”. This new HKFRS
                      Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in HKAS 1, introduces new requirements to
                      present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on
                      management-defined performance measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and
                      disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some HKAS 1 paragraphs have
                      been moved to HKAS 8, “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” and HKFRS 7,
                      “Financial Instruments: Disclosures”. Minor amendments to HKAS 7, “Statement of Cash Flows” and HKAS 33,
                      “Earnings per Share” are also made.


                      HKFRS 18 and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
                      2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the presentation of the
                      statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in the process of assessing
                      the detailed impact of HKFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


       2.3    Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
              Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights to variable
              returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When
              assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.


              An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences
              until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised profits arising from
              intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting
              from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no
              evidence of impairment.


              The Group adopted the purchase method of accounting to account for business combination of entities and businesses under
              common control before 2005. Under the purchase method of accounting in force at the date of the acquisition, the cost of an
              acquisition was measured at the fair value of the assets given, equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred or assumed at
              the date of exchange. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed were measured initially at
              their fair values at the acquisition date, irrespective of the extent of any non-controlling interest. The excess of the cost of
              acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. If the cost
              of acquisition was less than the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the
              difference was recognised directly in the consolidated statement of income.




114
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.3   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)
           Under HKFRS Accounting Standards, business combination of entity and business under common control of the Group after
           2005 was accounted for using merger accounting in accordance with the Accounting Guideline 5 “Merger accounting for
           common control combinations” (“AG 5”).


           Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in
           respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in the
           Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial liability.
           For each business combination, the Group elects to measure non-controlling interests at the non-controlling interests’
           proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.


           Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from equity
           attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented on
           the face of the consolidated statement of income and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as an allocation of
           the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity
           shareholders of the Company.


           Loans from holders of non-controlling interests and other contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as
           financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with Note 2.20 depending on the nature of
           the liability.


           Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions,
           whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within consolidated equity to reflect
           the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.


           When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with a
           resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when control
           is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset
           (see Note 2.12) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture
           (see Note 2.4).


           In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses, unless
           the investment is classified as held for sale.




                                                                                                                                           115
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.4    Associates, joint ventures and joint arrangement
              An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its management,
              including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.


              A joint arrangement is an arrangement of which two or more parties have joint control. Joint control is the contractually
              agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the
              unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.


              A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group and other parties contractually agree to share control of the
              arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.


              An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity
              method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale). Under the
              equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost. On acquisition of the investment in an associate or a joint venture,
              any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of
              the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. The cost of the
              investment includes purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment, and any direct
              investment into the associate or joint venture that forms part of the Group’s equity investment. Thereafter, the investment is
              adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to the
              investment. The Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses are
              recognised in the consolidated statement of income, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the
              investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised as other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of
              comprehensive income.


              When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil
              and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
              obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the
              investment under the equity method together with the Group’s long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s
              net investment in the associate or the joint venture (after applying the ECL model to such other long-term interests where
              applicable).


              Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint venture are eliminated
              to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the
              asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.




116
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.4   Associates, joint ventures and joint arrangement (Continued)
           If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, retained interest is not remeasured.
           Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.


           In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture, it
           is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or
           loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint control is lost is recognised at
           fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset. In addition, the Group
           accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate or joint venture on
           the same basis as would be required if that associate or joint venture had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.


           A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the Group and other parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
           rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the joint arrangement.


           The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation in accordance
           with HKFRS Accounting Standards applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.


           To better share the risks and rewards associated with the construction, operation and maintenance of the 5G network
           infrastructure, the Group entered into a framework agreement with China Telecom Corporation Limited (“China Telecom”) to
           build, maintain and share one nationwide 5G access network infrastructure (the “Cooperation Agreement”). In accordance
           with the Cooperation Agreement, each of the Group and China Telecom is responsible for the construction and maintenance of
           5G network infrastructure in their respective designated regions, and bears the associated construction, maintenance and
           operating costs. Both parties have established a joint operation mechanism and key decisions including overall network
           planning, construction project commencement and completion acceptance and a unified standard on construction and
           maintenance services across all regions are subject to mutual agreement by both parties.


           The Group has accounted for the arrangement as a joint operation that is not structured through a separate vehicle, and has
           recognised its share of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.


     2.5   Segment reporting
           Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision
           maker (the “CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating
           segments regularly, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that make strategic decisions.




                                                                                                                                            117
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.6    Foreign currency translation
              (a)     Functional and presentation currency
                      Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
                      primary economic environment in which the entities operate (the “functional currency”). The consolidated financial
                      statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency.


              (b)     Transactions and balances
                      Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the
                      dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from
                      the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and
                      liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the statement of income. Non-monetary items carried at
                      fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair
                      value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any
                      exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a
                      non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also
                      recognised in other comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
                      foreign currency are not retranslated.


              (c)     Group companies
                      The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary
                      economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation
                      currency as follows:


                      •      Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the
                             date of the statement of financial position;


                      •      Income and expenses for each statement presenting profit or loss and other comprehensive income are translated
                             at average exchange rates (unless the use of the average rate for a period is not a reasonable approximation of
                             the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are
                             translated at the dates of the transactions); and


                      •      All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and as a separate component of
                             equity into other reserves.


                      On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign operations are
                      recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold, such exchange differences attributable to
                      the equity shareholders of the Company are reclassified to the statement of income as part of the gain or loss on
                      disposal.




118
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.7   Property, plant and equipment
           (a)   Construction-in-progress
                 Construction-in-progress (“CIP”) mainly represents buildings, plant and equipment under construction and pending
                 installation, and is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Costs include construction and acquisition costs,
                 and interest charges arising from borrowings used to finance the assets during the construction period. No provision for
                 depreciation is made on CIP until such time as the assets are completed and ready for its intended use. When the asset
                 being constructed becomes available for use, the CIP is transferred to the appropriate category of assets.


           (b)   Property, plant and equipment
                 Property, plant and equipment held by the Group are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
                 impairment losses, and are depreciated over their expected useful lives.


                 Property, plant and equipment comprise buildings, telecommunications equipment, leasehold improvements, office
                 furniture, fixtures, motor vehicles and other equipment. The cost of an asset, except for those acquired in exchange for
                 a non-monetary asset or assets, comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to
                 its working condition and location for its intended use, including costs of testing whether the related assets is
                 functioning properly.


                 If an item of property, plant and equipment is acquired in exchange for another item of non-monetary assets, the cost of
                 such an item of property, plant and equipment is measured at fair value unless (i) the exchange transactions lacks
                 commercial substance or (ii) the fair value of neither the asset received nor the asset given up is reliably measurable. If
                 the acquired item is not measured at fair value, its cost is measured at the carrying amount of the asset given up.


                 Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
                 when it is probable at the time the costs are incurred that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
                 the Group, and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised.
                 All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated statement of income during the financial period in
                 which they are incurred.




                                                                                                                                        119
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.7    Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
              (c)     Depreciation
                      Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs less
                      their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:


                                                                                                       Depreciable life            Residual rate

                       Buildings                                                                           10–30 years                        3%
                       Telecommunications equipment                                                          5–10 years                    0–3%
                       Office furniture, fixtures, motor vehicles and other equipment                        5–10 years                       3%


                      Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their estimated useful lives and the lease terms.


                      The assets’ residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each date
                      of the statement of financial position.


              (d)     Gain or loss on disposal of property, plant or equipment
                      Gains or losses on disposal of property, plant or equipment are determined by comparing the net sales proceeds with the
                      carrying amounts, and are recognised in the consolidated statement of income.


       2.8    Goodwill
              Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets
              of the acquired subsidiaries at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is tested at least annually for impairment and carried at cost
              less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed. Gain or loss on the disposal of an entity
              includes the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.


              Goodwill is allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) for the purpose of impairment testing,
              which are expected to benefit from the synergies of business combination in which the goodwill arose and represent the lowest
              level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating segment. If the
              recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) is less than its carrying amount, the
              impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis
              based on the carrying amount of each asset in the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units).




120
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.9    Contract costs
            Contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or the costs to fulfil a contract with a
            customer which are not capitalised as inventory (see Note 2.15), property, plant and equipment (see Note 2.7) or intangible
            assets.


            Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with a customer that it
            would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained, e.g. an incremental sales commission. Incremental costs of
            obtaining a contract are capitalised when incurred if the costs are expected to be recovered, unless the expected amortisation
            period is one year or less from the date of initial recognition of the asset, in which case the costs are expensed when incurred.
            Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.


            Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically identifiable
            anticipated contract, generate or enhance resources that will be used to provide goods or services in the future and are
            expected to be recovered. Costs that relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically identifiable anticipated contract
            may include direct labour, direct materials, allocations of costs, costs that are explicitly chargeable to the customer and other
            costs that are incurred only because the Group entered into the contract. Other costs of fulfilling a contract, which are not
            capitalised as inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.


            Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses (see Note 2.13).


            Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is charged to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer
            to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate.


     2.10   Contract assets and contract liabilities
            A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see Note 2.25) before being unconditionally entitled to the
            consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets are assessed for ECL in accordance with the
            policy set out in Note 2.14 and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional
            (see Note 2.16).


            A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has
            received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.


            The Group provides subscriber points reward program, the transaction price of providing telecommunications services and the
            subscriber points reward is allocated based on their standalone selling price. The allocated portion of transaction price for the
            subscriber points reward is recorded as contract liability when the rewards are granted and recognised as revenue when the
            points are redeemed or expired.


            For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
            contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.




                                                                                                                                                121
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.11   Other assets
              Other assets mainly represent (i) computer software; (ii) long-term prepaid services charges for transmission lines and
              electricity cables.


              (i)     Acquired computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the
                      specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis.


              (ii)    Long-term prepaid services charges for transmission lines and electricity cables are amortised using a straight-line
                      method over service period.


       2.12   Financial assets and financial liabilities
              The Group classifies its financial assets into two measurement categories: those measured at amortised cost and those
              measured at fair value. The determination is made at initial recognition and the classification depends on the entity’s business
              model for managing its financial instruments and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the instrument.


              Financial assets measured at amortised cost
              Financial assets are classified under this category if they satisfy both of the following conditions:


              •       The assets are held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual cash flows on
                      the financial assets, but not for the purpose of realising fair value gains; and


              •       The contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                      principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, with interest being the consideration for the time value of
                      money and for the credit risk associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time.


              Cash and cash equivalents, long-term bank deposits, short-term bank deposits and restricted deposits, accounts receivable,
              certain financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets and certain other assets are classified under this
              category.


              Financial assets under this category are carried at amortised cost using effective interest method less provision for impairment.
              The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset and of allocating interest
              income over the relevant period. Interest income is recognised in the consolidated statement of income using the effective
              interest method and disclosed as interest income.


              The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it
              transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. Gains and
              losses arising from derecognition of financial assets, being the differences between the net sales proceeds and the carrying
              values, are recognised in the consolidated statement of income.




122
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.12   Financial assets and financial liabilities (Continued)
            Financial assets measured at fair value
            Investments and other financial assets are classified under this category if they do not meet the conditions to be measured at
            amortised cost. Financial assets under this category are debt and equity investments carried at fair value.


            Debt investments are classified as FVOCI (recycling), if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely payments
            of principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting
            contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets. Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income,
            except for the recognition in profit or loss of ECLs, interest income (calculated using the effective interest method) and foreign
            exchange gains and losses. When the investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is
            recycled from equity to profit or loss.


            An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading purposes and on
            initial recognition of the investment, the Group makes an irrevocable election to designate the investment at FVOCI
            (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income. Such irrevocable
            elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis at the time of initial recognition, but may only be made if the
            investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where such an election is made, the amount
            accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the investment revaluation reserve (non-recycling) until the investment
            is disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve (non-recycling) is
            transferred to retained profits. It is not recycled through profit or loss. Fair value gains or losses of financial assets measured
            at FVPL and dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are
            recognised in profit or loss as other income in accordance with the policy set out in Note 2.27.


            Financial liabilities
            The Group’s financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at FVPL.


            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest
            expense over the relevant period.


            The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have
            expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and
            payable is recognised in profit or loss.


            Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability
            A financial asset and a financial liability are offset as a net amount presented in the consolidated statement of financial
            position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and
            intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.




                                                                                                                                           123
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.13   Impairment of non-financial assets other than goodwill
              At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
              assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives and contract costs to determine whether there is any indication that these assets
              have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in
              order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets that are not yet available for use are not subject
              to amortisation and are tested for impairment at each date of the statement of financial position and whenever there is an
              indication that they may be impaired. For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are estimated individually, or when it is
              not possible, grouped at the smallest levels for which there are largely independent identifiable cash inflows of those from other
              assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”). Before the Group recognises an impairment loss for assets capitalised
              as contract costs under HKFRS 15 “Revenue from contracts with customers” (“HKFRS 15”), the Group assesses and
              recognises any impairment loss on other assets related to the relevant contracts in accordance with applicable standards. Then,
              impairment loss, if any, for assets capitalised as contract costs is recognised to the extent the carrying amounts exceeds the
              remaining amount of consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for related goods or services less the costs
              which relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not been recognised as expenses. The assets capitalised as
              contract costs are then included in the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit to which they belong for the purpose of
              evaluating impairment of that cash-generating unit. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s (or
              the cash-generating unit’s) carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of (i) fair
              value less costs of disposal and (ii) value in use.


       2.14   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets
              The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECLs on the following items:


              —       financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, long-term bank deposits, short-term
                      bank deposits and restricted deposits, accounts receivable, certain financial assets included in prepayments and other
                      current assets and certain other assets);


              —       contract assets as defined in HKFRS 15 (see Note 2.10); and


              —       debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling).


              Financial assets measured at fair values, including financial assets measured at FVPL and financial assets measured at FVOCI
              (non-recycling), are not subject to the ECL assessment.




124
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.14   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)
            Measurement of ECLs
            ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all expected cash
            shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that
            the Group expects to receive).


            The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to
            credit risk.


            In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost
            or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.


            ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:


            —       twelve-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the twelve months
                    after the reporting date; and


            —       lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected lives of the
                    items to which the ECL model applies.


            Loss allowances for accounts receivable and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. Except
            for those with significant balances and credit-impaired which are assessed individually, ECLs on accounts receivable and
            contract assets assessed on collective basis are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss
            experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general
            economic conditions at the reporting date.


            For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to twelve months ECLs unless there has been a
            significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is
            measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




                                                                                                                                             125
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.14   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)
              Significant increases in credit risk
              In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
              compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at the reporting date with that assessed at the date
              of initial recognition. The Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable,
              including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.


              In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly
              since initial recognition:


              —       failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;


              —       an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit rating (if available);


              —       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and


              —       existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a significant adverse
                      effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.


              Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is performed on
              either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial
              instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.


              ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk since initial recognition.
              Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. Except for debt securities
              measured at FVOCI (recycling),the Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all other financial instruments with a
              corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, while corresponding adjustment of debt
              securities measured at FVOCI (recycling) is made to other comprehensive income without reducing its carrying amount.




126
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.14   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)
            Credit-impaired financial assets
            At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset is credit-impaired
            when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have
            occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:


            —      significant financial difficulties of the debtor;


            —      a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments;


            —      the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having
                   granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;


            —      it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;


            —      the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.


            Write-off policy
            The gross carrying amount of a financial asset or contract asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that
            there is no realistic prospect of recovery. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the
            Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event.
            Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in the consolidated statement of income.


     2.15   Inventories
            Inventories, which primarily comprise handsets and accessories, are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is
            based on the first-in-first-out method and comprises all costs of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to
            their present location and condition. Net realisable value for all the inventories is determined on the basis of anticipated sales
            proceeds less estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly
            attributable to the sale and other costs necessary to sell inventories.




                                                                                                                                               127
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.16   Accounts receivable
              A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right to receive consideration
              is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due. If revenue has been
              recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset
              (see Note 2.10).


              Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses (see Note 2.14).


       2.17   Short-term bank deposits and restricted deposits
              Short-term bank deposits are cash invested in fixed-term deposits with original maturities ranging from more than three
              months to one year.


              Restricted deposits mainly included statutory reserve deposits with the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”) placed by
              Finance Company and customers deposit placed by Unicompay Company Limited for e-payment services.


       2.18   Cash and cash equivalents
              Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:


              (a)     cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are subject to regulatory
                      restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash; and


              (b)     cash equivalents, which comprise of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or less), highly liquid
                      investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of
                      changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for
                      investment or other purposes.


              For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as
              defined above.


       2.19   Government grants
              Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when there is reasonable
              assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them. Grants that
              compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same period in which
              the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are recognised as deferred revenue which
              consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset.




128
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.20   Borrowings
            Borrowings are bank loans recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
            stated at amortised cost, any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised
            in the consolidated statement of income over the period of the instruments using the effective interest method.


     2.21   Share capital
            Ordinary shares are classified as equity.


            Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the
            proceeds.


            Where any group company purchases the Company’s ordinary shares (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including any
            directly attributable incremental costs (net of tax) is deducted from equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
            and no gain or loss shall be recognised in the consolidated statement of income.


     2.22   Employee benefits
            (a)    Retirement benefits
                   The Group participates in defined contribution pension schemes. For defined contribution plans, the Group pays
                   contributions to publicly or privately administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary
                   basis. The Group is required to make contributions to the pension insurance plans at certain percentage of the
                   employees’ payroll. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid
                   contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a reduction in the future payments is available. For the years
                   ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no forfeited contributions may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of
                   contributions.


            (b)    Medical insurance
                   The Group’s contributions to basic and supplementary medical insurances are expensed as incurred. The Group has no
                   further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.


            (c)    Housing benefits
                   One-off cash housing subsidies paid to PRC employees are charged to the consolidated statement of income in the year
                   in which it is determined that the payment of such subsidies is probable and the amounts can be reasonably estimated.


                   The Group’s contributions to the housing fund, special monetary housing benefits and other housing benefits are
                   expensed as incurred. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.




                                                                                                                                        129
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.22   Employee benefits (Continued)
              (d)     Supplementary benefits
                      In addition to participating in local governmental defined contribution social insurance, individual subsidiaries of the
                      Group also provide other post retirement supplementary benefits to their employees, including supplementary pension
                      allowance, reimbursement of medical expenses and supplementary medical insurance. These post retirement
                      supplementary benefits are accounted as defined benefit plan. For defined benefit plan, the Group’s obligation for this
                      benefit plan is determined using the projected unit credit method and recognised as liability, with actuarial valuation
                      carried out at the end of each annual reporting period.


                      The actuarial valuation was carried out by Willis Towers Watson (Member of China Association of Actuaries), a
                      qualified independent actuary. Actuarial assumptions mainly include discount rate and future mortality etc. This defined
                      benefit plan does not have any plan assets. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is included in non-current
                      other obligations and salary and welfare payables (current portion). As at 31 December 2025, the amount of the
                      liability was RMB133 million (2024: RMB140 million). The remeasurement of liability is recognised in other
                      comprehensive income, which is not allowed to reverse to profit or loss in subsequent period. Past service cost is
                      recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and a gain or loss on settlement is
                      recognised when settlement occurs.


              (e)     Share-based compensation costs
                      The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan. The fair value of the employee services received
                      in exchange for the grant of the share options is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be expensed over the
                      vesting period is determined by reference to the fair value of the share options granted at the grant date excluding the
                      impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example, revenue and profit targets) and is not subsequently
                      remeasured. However, non-market vesting conditions are considered in determining the number of options that are
                      expected to vest. At each date of the statement of financial position, the Group revises its estimates of the number of
                      share options that are expected to vest. The Group recognises the impact of the revision of original estimates, if any, in
                      the consolidated statement of income of the period in which the revision occurs, with a corresponding adjustment to
                      equity.


                      The equity amount is recognised in other reserves until either the option is exercised (when it is included in the amount
                      recognised in share capital for the shares issued) or the option expires (when it is released directly to retained profits).




130
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.22   Employee benefits (Continued)
            (f)    Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme
                   Restricted shares granted by A Share Company to the employees of the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The
                   fair value of the core employee services received in exchange for the grant of the restricted shares is recognised as an
                   expense over the vesting period, with a corresponding credit to equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by
                   reference to the fair value of the granted shares measured as of the grant date less the subscription price.


                   At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of restricted shares that are expected
                   to be vested. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss, with a
                   corresponding adjustment to equity.


     2.23   Accounts payable
            Accounts payable are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business from
            suppliers. Accounts payable are classified as current liabilities if settlement is due within one year or less (or in the normal
            operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.


            Accounts payable are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
            method.


     2.24   Provisions
            Provisions are recognised when the Group has present legal or constructive obligations as a result of past events, it is probable
            that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the amount has been reliably estimated. Where there
            are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering
            the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item
            included in the same class of obligations may be small (if the other recognition criteria are met).


            Provisions are measured at the present value of the pre-tax amount of expenditures expected to be required to settle the
            obligation that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The
            increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.




                                                                                                                                               131
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.25   Revenue recognition
              Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the provision of services and the sale of goods in the ordinary
              course of the Group’s business.


              Revenue is recognised when a performance obligation is satisfied (i.e. when control over a product or service is transferred to
              the customer) at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts
              collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade
              discounts.


              A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct
              goods or services that are substantially the same. For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group
              allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.


              The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is determined at contract
              inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised good or service separately to a customer. If a
              stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the
              transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group
              expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.


              Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer for more
              than twelve months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that
              would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the
              effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to
              the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the
              effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the
              consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of financing is twelve months or less.




132
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.25   Revenue recognition (Continued)
            Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction
            of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:


            •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group
                   performs;


            •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


            •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable
                   right to payment for performance completed to date.


            Further details of the Group’s revenue recognition policies are as follows:


            •      Voice usage and monthly fees are recognised when the services are rendered;


            •      Revenues from the provision of broadband and mobile data services are recognised when the services are provided to
                   customers;


            •      Data and internet application service revenues, which mainly represent revenue from the provision of data storage and
                   application, information communications technology and other internet related services, are recognised during the
                   period of fulfillment of services obligation;


            •      Other value-added services revenues, which mainly represents revenue from the provision of services such as short
                   message, cool ringtone, personalised ring, caller number display and secretarial services to subscribers etc., are
                   recognised when services are rendered;


            •      Interconnection fees, which represent revenue from other domestic and foreign telecommunications operators for the use
                   of the Group’s telecommunications network, are recognised when services are rendered;


            •      Revenue from transmission lines usage and associated services, which mainly represent income from offering
                   transmission lines and customer-end equipment to customers for usage and related services, are recognised upon
                   fulfillment of services obligation over the respective usage and service period;




                                                                                                                                        133
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.25   Revenue recognition (Continued)
              •       Standalone sales of telecommunications products, which mainly represent handsets and accessories, and
                      telecommunications equipment, are recognised when control has been transferred to the buyers;


              •       The Group offers preferential packages to customers which include bundle sale of mobile handsets and provision of
                      services. The total contract consideration of such preferential packages is allocated to service revenue and sales of
                      handsets based on their standalone selling prices. Revenue relating to the sale of handset is recognised when the title is
                      passed to the customer whereas service revenue is recognised based upon the actual usage of telecommunications
                      services.


              In general, revenue from rendering of telecommunication services are recognised over-time during the period of fulfillment of
              services obligation using output method, whereas revenue from sales of handsets and other telecommunications equipment are
              treated as separate performance obligations, are recognised at a point in time.


              When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the nature of its
              promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange
              for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).


              The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is transferred to a customer.


              The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good or service by another
              party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by another party before that good or
              service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or
              commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the
              other party.


       2.26   Interest income
              Interest income from deposits in banks or other financial institutions is recognised on a time proportion basis, using the
              effective interest method. For financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest
              rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is
              applied to the amortised cost of the asset.


       2.27   Dividend income
              Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.




134
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.28   Lease
            At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if
            the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
            Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all
            of the economic benefits from that use. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are
            subsequently changed.


            (a)     As a lessee
                    At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in
                    the contract to each lease and non-lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.


                    At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for short-term
                    leases of primarily computers and office furniture that have a lease term of 12 months or less and do not contain a
                    purchase option and leases of low-value assets. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the
                    Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments associated with those leases
                    which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.


                    Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease payments
                    payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily
                    determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is adjusted by
                    interest accretion and lease payments. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included
                    in the measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they
                    are incurred.


                    The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial
                    amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, and any initial direct
                    costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and
                    remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their
                    present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated
                    depreciation and impairment losses (see Note 2.13). Right-of-use assets are subsequently depreciated using the
                    straight-line method from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or
                    the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of
                    property, plant and equipment.


                    The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or
                    rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value
                    guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will be reasonably certain to
                    exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a
                    corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the
                    carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.



                                                                                                                                               135
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.28   Lease (Continued)
              (a)     As a lessee (Continued)
                      The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that
                      is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease modification”) that is not accounted for as a separate lease.
                      In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount
                      rate at the effective date of the modification.


                      The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant
                      right-of-use assets.


                      In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is determined as the
                      present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period. The
                      Group presents right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately in the consolidated statement of financial position.


              (b)     As a lessor
                      When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating
                      lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to the
                      ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified as an operating lease.


                      When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each
                      component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit
                      or loss in equal instalments over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more
                      representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are
                      recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable. Variable lease payments
                      that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.


                      When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an operating lease with
                      reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group
                      applies the exemption described in Note 2.28(a), then the Group classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.


       2.29   Borrowing costs
              Borrowing costs are expensed as incurred, except for interest directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
              production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use, in which case they
              are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when expenditures for the asset
              and borrowing costs are being incurred and the activities to prepare the asset for its intended use are in progress. Borrowing
              costs are capitalised up to the date when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the project is completed and ready
              for its intended use.




136
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.29   Borrowing costs (Continued)
            To the extent that funds are borrowed specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, the amount of borrowing
            costs eligible for capitalisation is determined at the actual borrowing costs incurred on that borrowing during the period less
            any investment income on the temporary investment of those borrowings.


            To the extent that funds are borrowed generally and used for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, the amount of
            borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is determined by applying a capitalisation rate to the expenditures on that asset. The
            capitalisation rate is the weighted average of the borrowing costs applicable to the borrowings of the Group that are
            outstanding during the period, other than borrowings made specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset. The
            amount of borrowing costs capitalised during a period does not exceed the amount of borrowing cost incurred during that
            period. Other borrowing costs are recognised as expenses when incurred.


     2.30   Taxation
            (a)    Current income tax
                   The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantially enacted at the date of
                   the statement of financial position in the jurisdictions where the Company and its subsidiaries operate and generate
                   taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which
                   applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of the
                   amount expected to be paid to the tax authorities.


            (b)    Deferred income tax
                   Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the
                   differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases.
                   Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.


                   Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is
                   probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised. Future
                   taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences
                   include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences
                   relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period
                   as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the
                   deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing
                   taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits,
                   that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable
                   entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.




                                                                                                                                               137
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.30   Taxation (Continued)
              (b)     Deferred income tax (Continued)
                      The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences arising from
                      goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor
                      taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination) and at the time of the transaction does not give
                      rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, and temporary differences relating to investments in
                      subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is
                      probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it
                      is probable that they will reverse in the future.


                      The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent
                      that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be
                      utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be
                      available.


                      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
                      against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same
                      taxation authority.


                      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use
                      assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the
                      right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities. For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the
                      lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS 12 requirements to the lease liabilities, and the related assets separately. The
                      Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will
                      be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable
                      temporary differences.


                      Current and deferred income tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in
                      other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred income tax are also
                      recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises
                      from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business
                      combination.


       2.31   Dividend distribution
              Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the period in which the dividends are
              approved by the Company’s shareholders.




138
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.32   Research and development expenditure
            Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred. An internally-generated
            intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and
            only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:


            •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;


            •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;


            •      the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;


            •      how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;


            •      the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the
                   intangible asset; and


            •      the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.


            The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the date
            when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible asset can
            be recognised, development expenditure is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.


            For the year ended 31 December 2025, research and development expenditure recognised as expense in the consolidated
            statement of income was RMB8,984 million (2024: RMB8,835 million).


     2.33   Earnings per Share
            Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted
            average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.


            Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the
            weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, after adjusting for the effects of the dilutive potential
            ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                                            139
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.34   Related parties
              (a)       A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:


                        (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                        (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                        (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.


              (b)       An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:


                        (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
                                subsidiary is related to the others);


                        (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a
                                group of which the other entity is a member);


                        (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;


                        (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;


                        (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related
                                to the Group;


                        (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a); or


                        (vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                                personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


              Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that
              person in their dealings with the entity.


       2.35   Contingent assets/liabilities
              Contingent assets
              Contingent assets arise from unplanned or other unexpected events that give rise to the possibility of an inflow of economic
              benefits to the Group and they are not recognised in the consolidated financial statements. The Group assesses continually the
              development of contingent assets. If it has become virtually certain that an inflow of economic benefits will arise, the Group
              recognises the asset and the related income in the consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which the change
              occurs.




140
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.35   Contingent assets/liabilities (Continued)
            Contingent liabilities
            A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because it is not probable that an
            outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.


            Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is expected to be met by other
            parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in the consolidated financial statements.


            The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits has become
            probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits will be required for an item previously dealt with
            as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised in the consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which the
            change in probability occurs, except in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable estimate can be made.


3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     3.1    Financial risk factors
            The Group’s operating activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, price
            risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management program
            focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial
            performance.


            Financial risk management is carried out by the Group’s headquarters, following the overall direction determined by the
            executive directors of the Company. The Group’s headquarters identifies and evaluates financial risks in close co-operation
            with the Group’s operating units.


            (a)    Market risk
                   (i)     Foreign exchange risk
                           The Group’s major operational activities are carried out in Chinese Mainland and a majority of the transactions
                           are denominated in RMB. The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency
                           exposures, primarily with respect to United States dollars (“US dollars”), Hong Kong dollars (“HK dollars” or
                           “HKD”) and European dollars (“Euro”). Exchange risk mainly exists with respect to the financial assets and
                           financial liabilities denominated in foreign currencies including balances with international carriers, cash and
                           cash equivalents.


                           The Group’s headquarters is responsible for monitoring the amount of monetary assets and liabilities
                           denominated in foreign currencies. From time to time, the Group may consider entering into forward exchange
                           contracts or currency swap contracts to mitigate the foreign exchange risk. During the years ended 31 December
                           2025 and 2024, the Group had not entered into any forward exchange contracts or currency swap contracts.


                           The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk arising from
                           recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity to
                           which they relate and have been translated to RMB at the applicable rates quoted by the PBOC as at
                           31 December 2025 and 2024.


                                                                                                                                            141
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




3.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
       (Continued)
       3.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)
              (a)     Market risk (Continued)
                      (i)    Foreign exchange risk (Continued)


                                                                                            2025                              2024
                                                                               Original                   RMB     Original                  RMB
                                                                               currency   Exchange   equivalent   currency   Exchange   equivalent
                                                                               millions       rate     millions   millions       rate     millions

                               Cash and cash equivalents:
                                 — denominated in HK dollars                        50        0.90          45         57        0.93          53
                                 — denominated in US dollars                       678        7.03       4,764        760        7.19       5,463
                                 — denominated in Euro                              43        8.24         356         34        7.53         255
                                 — denominated in Japanese Yen (“JPY”)              22        0.04           1         22        0.05           1
                                 — denominated in Great Britain Pound
                                       (“GBP”)                                       —        9.43           3         —         9.08          —
                                 — denominated in Singapore dollars (“SGD”)           6       5.46          32          7        5.32          39
                                 — denominated in Australian dollars (“AUD”)         —        4.69           —         —         4.51           2

                               Sub-total                                                                 5,201                              5,813

                               Accounts receivable:
                                 — denominated in US dollars                        28        7.03         197         54        7.19         388
                                 — denominated in Euro                                2       8.24          16          2        7.53          15
                                 — denominated in JPY                             1,227       0.04          55      1,009        0.05          47
                                 — denominated in GBP                               19        9.43         179          1        9.08           9
                                 — denominated in SGD                              100        5.46         546         64        5.32         341

                               Sub-total                                                                   993                                800

                               Financial assets measured at FVOCI:
                                 — denominated in Euro                             224        8.24       1,847        253        7.53       1,902

                               Capital bonds measured at amortised cost:
                                 — denominated in US dollars                        61        7.03         431         61        7.19         442

                               Total                                                                     8,472                              8,957

                               Borrowings:
                                 — denominated in US dollars                        17        7.03         119         19        7.19         139

                               Sub-total                                                                   119                                139

                               Accounts payable:
                                 — denominated in HK dollars                      3,105       0.90       2,804      1,487        0.93       1,377
                                 — denominated in US dollars                       179        7.03       1,258        144        7.19       1,035
                                 — denominated in Euro                                9       8.24          74          8        7.53          60
                                 — denominated in AUD                                 4       4.69          19          1        4.51           5

                               Sub-total                                                                 4,155                              2,477

                               Total                                                                     4,274                              2,616




142
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)
           (a)   Market risk (Continued)
                 (i)     Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
                         The Group did not have and does not believe it will have any difficulties in exchanging its foreign currency cash
                         into RMB at the exchange rates quoted by the PBOC.


                         As at 31 December 2025, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 10% against foreign currencies, primarily with
                         respect to US dollars, HK dollars, Euro, JPY, GBP, SGD and AUD, while all other variables are held constant,
                         the profit after tax would increase/decrease approximately RMB176 million (2024: approximately RMB333
                         million) for monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, and other comprehensive income
                         would increase/decrease approximately RMB185 million (2024: approximately RMB190 million) for financial
                         assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) denominated in foreign currency.


                 (ii)    Price risk
                         The Group is exposed to equity securities price risk because investments held by the Group are classified in the
                         consolidated statement of financial position as financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) or FVPL.


                         The financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) comprise primarily equity securities of Telefónica S.A.
                         (“Telefónica”). As at 31 December 2025, if the share price of Telefónica had increased/decreased by 10%,
                         while the exchange rate of RMB against Euro is held constant, other comprehensive income would increase/
                         decrease approximately RMB185 million (2024: approximately RMB190 million). The listed investments
                         measured at FVPL comprise primarily equity securities of certain PRC listed companies. As at 31 December
                         2025, if the price of the respective listed equity securities had increased/decreased by 10%, profit after tax
                         would increase/decrease approximately RMB17 million (2024: approximately RMB15 million).


                 (iii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                         The Group’s interest-bearing assets are mainly represented by bank deposits, debt securities measured at FVOCI
                         (recycling), financial assets held under resale agreements, lending by Finance Company to third parties and
                         investments in capital bonds. Management does not expect the changes in market deposit interest rates will have
                         significant impact on the financial statements as the long-term deposits are all bearing fixed interest rate and
                         other deposits are all short-term in nature and the interest involved will not be significant.




                                                                                                                                          143
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




3.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
       (Continued)
       3.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)
              (a)     Market risk (Continued)
                      (iii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)
                              The Group’s interest rate risk mainly arises from interest-bearing borrowings including bank loans, related party
                              loans and lease liabilities. Borrowings issued at floating rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk.
                              Borrowings issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk upon renewal. The Group
                              determines the amount of its fixed rate or floating rate borrowings depending on the prevailing market
                              conditions. During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s borrowings were mainly at fixed
                              rates and were mainly denominated in RMB.


                              Increases in interest rates will increase the cost of new borrowings and the interest expense with respect to the
                              Group’s outstanding floating rate borrowings, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s
                              financial performance. Management continuously monitors the interest rate position of the Group and makes
                              decisions with reference to the latest market conditions. From time to time, the Group may enter into interest
                              rate swap agreements to mitigate its exposure to interest rate risks in connection with the floating rate
                              borrowings, although the Group did not consider it was necessary to do so in the years ended 31 December 2025
                              and 2024.


                              As at 31 December 2025, the Group had approximately RMB15,007 million (2024: approximately
                              RMB11,052 million) of long-term and short-term borrowings in floating rates and approximately RMB29,835
                              million (2024: approximately RMB38,905 million) of long-term borrowings and lease liabilities in fixed rates.


                              For the year ended 31 December 2025, if interest rates on the floating rate borrowings had increased/decreased
                              50 basic points while all other variables are held constant, profit after tax would decrease/increase
                              approximately RMB56 million (2024: approximately RMB41 million).


              (b)     Credit risk
                      Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss to
                      the Group. Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents and short-term
                      and long-term bank deposits, as well as credit exposures to major corporate customers, individual subscribers and
                      general corporate customers, related parties and other telecommunications operators.




144
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)
           (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                 To limit exposure to credit risk relating to cash and cash equivalents and short-term, long-term bank deposits, the
                 Group primarily places cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits only with large state-owned financial institutions in
                 the PRC and other banks with acceptable credit ratings. Therefore, the Group expects that there is no significant credit
                 risk and does not expect that there will be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties.


                 In addition, the Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk with respect to individual subscribers and
                 corporate customers. The Group has policies to limit the credit exposure on receivables for services and sales of mobile
                 handsets. The Group assesses the credit quality of all its customers and sets credit limits on them by taking into account
                 their financial position, the availability of guarantee from third parties, their credit history and other factors such as
                 current market conditions. The normal credit period granted by the Group to individual subscribers and general
                 corporate customers is 30 days from the date of billing unless they meet certain specified credit assessment criteria. For
                 major corporate customers, the credit period granted by the Group is based on the service contract terms, normally not
                 exceeding 1 year. The utilisation of credit limits and settlement pattern of customers are regularly monitored by the
                 Group. In respect of other receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on all counterparties requiring credit
                 over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the counterparties’ past history of making payments when due and
                 current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the counterparties as well as the economic
                 environment in which the counterparties operates.


                 Credit risk in relation to receivables from related parties and other telecommunications operators is not considered to
                 be significant as these companies are reputable and their receivables are settled on a regular basis.




                                                                                                                                         145
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




3.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
       (Continued)
       3.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)
              (c)     Liquidity risk
                      Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash and availability of funds through different
                      sources of financing. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying business, the Group’s headquarters maintains
                      flexibility in funding through having adequate amount of cash and cash equivalents and utilising different sources of
                      financing when necessary.


                      The following tables show the undiscounted cash flows of the financial liabilities and lease liabilities (including interest
                      expense) categorised by time from the end of the period under review to the contractual maturity date. To the extent
                      that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived based on management’s best estimates at the
                      end of the reporting period:


                                                                                       Between         Between
                                                                            Less         1 and 2         2 and 5           Over        Carrying
                                                                     than 1 year           years           years         5 years       amounts

                       At 31 December 2025
                       Long-term loans                                       676             849           2,292            994           4,517
                       Lease liabilities                                  12,668         10,994            5,364          1,517          28,604
                       Other obligations                                   2,509             746              64            118           3,437
                       Short-term bank loans                                 971               —              —               —             966
                       Accounts payable and accrued liabilities         187,088                —              —               —        187,088
                       Bills payable                                      13,579               —              —               —          13,579

                                                                        217,491          12,589            7,720          2,629        238,191


                                                                                        Between         Between
                                                                             Less          1 and           2 and            Over       Carrying
                                                                     than 1 year          2 years        5 years         5 years        amounts

                       At 31 December 2024 (re-presented)
                       Long-term loans                                       769             614           1,313            283           2,855
                       Lease liabilities                                  13,747         11,494          13,431           1,784          37,641
                       Other obligations                                   2,498             908              76            126           3,605
                       Short-term bank loans                                 716               —              —               —             711
                       Accounts payable and accrued liabilities         188,162                —              —               —        188,162
                       Bills payable                                      15,484               —              —               —          15,484

                                                                        221,376          13,016          14,820           2,193        248,458

                      Regarding the Group’s use of the going concern basis for the preparation of its financial statements, please refer to
                      Note 2.2(a) for details.



146
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (Continued)
     3.2   Capital risk management
           The Group’s objectives when managing capital are:


           •         To safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits
                     for other stakeholders.


           •         To support the Group’s stability and growth.


           •         To provide capital for the purpose of strengthening the Group’s risk management capability.


           In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group reviews and manages its capital structure actively and regularly
           to ensure optimal capital structure and shareholder returns, taking into account the future capital requirements of the Group
           and capital efficiency, prevailing and projected profitability, projected operating cash flows, projected capital expenditures and
           projected strategic investment opportunities.


           The Group monitors capital on the basis of the debt-to-capitalisation ratio. This ratio is calculated as interest-bearing debts
           over interest-bearing debts plus total equity. Interest-bearing debts represent short-term bank loans, long-term loans, lease
           liabilities as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position. The interest-bearing debts do not include balance of
           deposits received by Finance Company and its related interest payable, amounting to RMB10,755 million, as at 31 December
           2025 (2024: 8,750 million).


           The Group’s debt-to-capitalisation ratios are as follows:


                                                                                                         31 December          31 December
                                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                                                            (Re-presented)

               Interest-bearing debts:
                 — Short-term bank loans                                                                           966                 711
                 — Long-term loans                                                                               3,928               2,128
                 — Lease liabilities (non-current portion)                                                      16,135              24,222
                 — Current portion of long-term loans                                                              589                 727
                 — Lease liabilities (current portion)                                                          12,469              13,419

                                                                                                                34,087              41,207
               Total equity                                                                                   370,867             363,570

               Interest-bearing debts plus total equity                                                       404,954             404,777

               Debt-to-capitalisation ratio                                                                       8.4%              10.2%




                                                                                                                                         147
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




3.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
       (Continued)
       3.3    Fair value estimation
              Financial assets of the Group mainly include cash and cash equivalents, long-term bank deposits, short-term bank deposits and
              restricted deposits, accounts receivable, the financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets, financial assets
              measured at fair value and certain other assets. Financial liabilities of the Group mainly include the financial liabilities
              included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, bills payable, short-term bank loans, long-term loans and other
              obligations.


              (a)     Financial assets measured at fair value
                      The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have been
                      defined as follows:


                      •        Level 1 valuation: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement
                               date.


                      •        Level 2 valuation: observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs for
                               which market data are not available.


                      •        Level 3 valuation: fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.


                      The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value as at 31 December 2025:


                                                                                          Level 1        Level 2         Level 3             Total

                       Recurring fair value measurement:
                       Equity securities measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)                  2,031              —             121          2,152
                       Financial assets measured at FVPL                                    2,702              —           1,606          4,308
                       Debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                      20,070               —               —         20,070

                       Total                                                              24,803               —           1,727         26,530



                      The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value as at 31 December 2024:


                                                                                          Level 1         Level 2        Level 3             Total


                       Recurring fair value measurement:
                       Equity securities measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)                  2,099              —             111          2,210
                       Financial assets measured at FVPL                                    2,415              —           1,261          3,676
                       Debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                        7,931              —               —          7,931

                       Total                                                              12,445               —           1,372         13,817




148
                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (Continued)
     3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)
           (a)   Financial assets measured at fair value (Continued)
                 The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the date of the
                 statement of financial position. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from
                 an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and
                 regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held
                 by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1 and comprise primarily equity securities
                 of Telefónica, debt securities issued by banks which are classified as financial assets measured at FVOCI and certain
                 equity investments, investments in monetary funds that are classified as financial assets measured at FVPL.


                 During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no significant transfer between Level 1 and Level 2,
                 or transfer into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as
                 at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.


           (b)   Fair value of financial instruments carried at other than fair value
                 As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts, fair values and the level of fair values of the Group’s
                 long-term financial assets and liabilities carried at amortised cost are disclosed below:


                                                        Carrying                                                                    Carrying
                                                        amounts       Fair value                                                    amounts         Fair value
                                                            as at          as at                                                        as at            as at
                                                     31 December    31 December         Fair value measurements as             31 December      31 December
                                                           2025           2025     at 31 December 2025 categorised into                2024             2024
                                                                                     Level 1         Level 2         Level 3   (Re-presented)   (Re-presented)


                  Long-term bank deposits                 15,580         15,862          —           15,862               —           15,185           15,427
                  Capital bonds                              431            486          —              486               —              442              471
                  Non-current portion of long-term
                     loans                                 3,928          3,845          —            3,845               —            2,128            2,117



                 The fair values of the non-current portion of long-term loans is based on the expected cash flows of principal and
                 interests payment discounted at market rates ranging from 0.57%~3.50% (2024: 0.57% to 3.60%) per annum. The
                 fair values of long-term bank deposits and capital bonds are based on the expected cash flows of principal and interests
                 discounted at market rate of 1.90% (2024: 1.90%) per annum and 3.73% (2024: 4.38%) per annum, respectively.


                 Besides, the carrying amounts of the Group’s other financial assets and liabilities carried at amortised cost
                 approximated their fair values as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 due to the nature or short maturity of those
                 instruments.




                                                                                                                                                          149
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




4.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
       Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of
       future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.


       The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates may not be equal to the related
       actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
       assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.


       4.1    Depreciation on property, plant and equipment
              Depreciation on the Group’s property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate cost up to
              residual values over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The Group reviews the useful lives and residual values periodically
              to ensure that the method and rates of depreciation are consistent with the expected pattern of realisation of economic benefits
              from property, plant and equipment. The Group estimates the useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment
              based on historical experience, taking into account anticipated technological changes. If there are significant changes from
              previously estimated useful lives and residual values, the amount of depreciation expenses may change.


       4.2    Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets
              The Group tests whether long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets, have suffered from
              any impairment, in accordance with the accounting policy stated in Note 2.13. For goodwill, the impairment testing is
              performed annually at the end of each reporting period, in accordance with the accounting policy stated in Note 2.8. The
              recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit at the lowest level to which those assets belong has been determined based on a
              value in use calculation. Management estimates value in use based on estimated discounted pre-tax future cash flows of the
              cash generating unit. If there is any significant change in management’s assumptions, including discount rate, the revenue
              growth rate or amount of operating costs in the future cash flow projection, the estimated recoverable amount of the
              cash-generating unit and the Group’s future operating results would be significantly affected. Such impairment losses are
              recognised in the consolidated statement of income. Accordingly, there will be an impact to the future operating results if there
              is a significant change in the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit. Management uses all readily available
              information in determining an amount that is a reasonable approximation of recoverable amount.




150
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (Continued)
     4.2    Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets (Continued)
            No significant impairment loss on goodwill or long-lived assets was recognised for the years ended 31 December 2025 and
            2024.


     4.3    Allowance for ECLs
            For collective assessment, management estimates ECL allowance on accounts receivable and contract assets using a provision
            matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, and adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an
            assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date. The Group monitored and
            reviewed the assumptions relating to ECL regularly. For the Group’s detailed assessment of credit risk, please refer to Note
            3.1(b).


5.   RE-PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
     POSITION
     As at 31 December 2025, to better align the presentation of financial information with the A Share Company, the Group has
     re-presented certain line items in its consolidated statement of financial position. Comparative figures in the consolidated statement of
     financial position have also been re-presented to conform to the presentation for the year. Such re-presentation did not have any
     impact on the Group’s total amount of non-current/current assets, non-current/current liabilities, total equity as at 31 December
     2024, and the profit or loss, total comprehensive income and cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2024.


     The following table highlights the impact from the aforesaid changes on certain line items in the Group’s consolidated statement of
     financial position as at 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                                                         151
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




5.     RE-PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
       POSITION (Continued)
       Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


                                                                31 December                       31 December
                                                        Note            2024    Re-presentation         2024
                                                               (As previously                          (As re-
                                                                   reported)                        presented)

        ASSETS
        Non-current assets
        Amounts due from related parties                (i)                 3               (3)            —
        Other assets                                    (i)           24,047                 3        24,050

                                                                      24,050                —         24,050

        Current assets
        Contract assets                                 (i)              275                 8            283
        Accounts receivable                             (i)           53,730             5,144        58,874
        Prepayments and other current assets            (i)           27,590             5,734        33,324
        Amounts due from ultimate holding company       (i)            5,113            (5,113)            —
        Amounts due from related parties                (i)            1,387            (1,387)            —
        Amounts due from domestic carriers              (i)            4,386            (4,386)            —

                                                                      92,481                —         92,481

        LIABILITIES
        Non-current liabilities
        Long-term loans                                 (ii)           1,170               958          2,128
        Amounts due to ultimate holding company         (ii)             958              (958)            —

                                                                       2,128                —           2,128

        Current liabilities
        Current portion of long-term loans              (ii)             243               484            727
        Accounts payable and accrued liabilities        (ii)         163,367            24,795       188,162
        Bills payable                                   (ii)           5,296            10,188        15,484
        Amounts due to ultimate holding company         (ii)           2,026            (2,026)            —
        Amounts due to related parties                  (ii)          29,311           (29,311)            —
        Amounts due to domestic carriers                (ii)           4,159            (4,159)            —
        Contract liabilities                            (ii)          46,739                26        46,765
        Advances from customers                         (ii)             223                 3            226

                                                                     251,364                —        251,364




152
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




5.   RE-PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
     POSITION (Continued)
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
     (i)    Balances previously included in “amount due from ultimate holding company/related parties/domestic carriers” have been
            disaggregated into “other assets”/”contract assets”/”accounts receivable”/”prepayments and other current assets” by nature,
            see Note 26, 22, 28 and 29.


     (ii)   Balances previously included in “amounts due to ultimate holding company/related parties/domestic carriers” have been
            disaggregated into “long-term loans”/”accounts payable and accrued liabilities”/”bills payable”/”contract
            liabilities”/”advances from customers” by nature, see Note 34, 39 and 22.


6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     The executive directors of the Company have been identified as the CODM. Operating segments are identified on the basis of internal
     reports that the CODM reviews regularly in allocating resources to segments and in assessing their performances.


     The CODM makes resources allocation decisions based on internal management functions and assesses the Group’s business
     performance as one integrated business instead of by separate business lines or geographical regions. Accordingly, the Group has only
     one operating segment and therefore, no segment information is presented.


     The Group primarily operates in Chinese Mainland and accordingly, no geographic information is presented. No revenue from a single
     customer accounted for 10 percent or more of the Group’s revenue in all periods presented.


7.   REVENUE
     Revenue from telecommunications services are subject to value-added tax (“VAT”) at VAT rates applicable to various
     telecommunications services. The VAT rates for basic telecommunications services and value-added telecommunications services are
     9% and 6%, respectively, while VAT rate for sales of telecommunications products is 13%. Basic telecommunications services
     include business activities for the provision of voice services, and transmission lines usage and associated services etc. Value-added
     telecommunications services include business activities for the provision of short message service and multimedia message service,
     broadband and mobile data services, and data and internet application services etc. VAT is excluded from the revenue.




                                                                                                                                          153
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




7.     REVENUE (Continued)
       Disaggregation of revenue by major services and products:


                                                                                                                   2025                2024

        Voice usage and monthly fees                                                                             19,557               20,400
        Broadband and mobile data services                                                                      153,221             154,189
        Data and internet application services                                                                  103,559               99,358
        Other value-added services                                                                               30,627               30,189
        Interconnection fees                                                                                     12,300               12,602
        Transmission lines usage and associated services                                                         24,191               24,260
        Other services                                                                                             4,283               4,977

        Total service revenue                                                                                   347,738             345,975
        Sales of telecommunications products                                                                     44,485               43,614

        Total                                                                                                   392,223             389,589

        Include: Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of HKFRS 15                             390,902             388,337
                  Revenue from other sources                                                                       1,321               1,252



       The Group’s revenue is primarily generated from the provision of voice usage, broadband and mobile data services, data and internet
       application services, other value-added services, interconnection services, transmission lines usage and associated services and sale of
       telecommunication products. The Group bills the majority of its customers based on a fixed rate and service volume each month, and
       then has a right to consideration from the customers. Transaction prices that were allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations as
       of the end of the reporting period are expected to be recognised within one to five years when services are rendered. The Group has
       applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of HKFRS 15 and therefore the information about remaining performance
       obligations is not disclosed for contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less and for those performance
       obligations which are satisfied as invoiced.


8.     NETWORK, OPERATION AND SUPPORT EXPENSES

                                                                                             Note                  2025                2024

        Repairs and maintenance                                                                                  11,301               11,656
        Power and water charges                                                                                  15,537               15,178
        Charges for use of network, premises, equipment and facilities                      (i), (iii)           25,154               22,915
        Charges for use of tower assets                                                    (ii), (iii)           10,607               12,055
        Others                                                                                                     2,627               2,516

                                                                                                                 65,226               64,320




154
                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025




8.   NETWORK, OPERATION AND SUPPORT EXPENSES (Continued)
     (i)     During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, charges for use of network, premises, equipment and facilities mainly
             included the non-lease components charges (maintenance service, certain ancillary facilities usage and other related support
             services charges) and charges relating to short-term leases, leases of low-value assets and variable lease payments which are
             recorded in profit or loss as incurred.


     (ii)    During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, charges for use of tower assets included the non-lease components charges
             (maintenance service, certain ancillary facilities usage and other related support services charges) and variable lease payments
             which are recorded in profit or loss as incurred. For related party transactions with Tower Company, see Note 43.3.


     (iii)   Expense relating to short-term leases, leases of low-value assets and variable lease payments not included in the measurement
             of lease liabilities:


                                                                                                                       2025                2024

              Expense relating to short-term leases and leases of low value assets                                    2,105                2,228
              Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities*                           8,566                8,999



             *       During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities
                     mainly included charges for use of tower assets and network, premises, equipment and facilities, which are measured based on
                     revenue or usage and recorded in profit or loss when the event or condition that triggers those payments occurred.


9.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                Note                   2025                2024

      Salaries and wages                                                                                             47,725               48,341
      Contributions to defined contribution pension schemes                                                           9,928                9,594
      Contributions to medical insurance                                                                              3,863                2,009
      Contributions to housing fund                                                                                   4,904                4,726
      Other housing benefits                                                                                              13                 14
      Share-based compensation                                                                   42                     118                 247

                                                                                                                     66,551               64,931




                                                                                                                                              155
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




9.     EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
       9.1    Directors’ emoluments
              The remuneration of each director for the year of 2025 is set out below:


                                                                                                    Bonuses Contributions
                                                                              Salaries and          paid and       to pension
                                                                     Fees        allowance          payable*          schemes              Total
                  Name of Director                Note        (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)        (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)        (RMB’000)


                  Chen Zhongyue                    (a)                  —               544              312               138                 994
                  Jian Qin                         (b)                  —               502              375               166            1,043
                  Wang Junzhi                      (c)                  —               394              138                68                 600
                  Tang Yongbo                      (d)                  —               512              338               166            1,016
                  Li Yuzhuo                                             —               512              338               166            1,016
                  Cheung Wing Lam Linus                               439                —                 —                —                  439
                  Chung Shui Ming Timpson                             485                —                 —                —                  485
                  Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                              421                —                 —                —                  421
                  Fan Chun Wah Andrew              (e)                421                —                 —                —                  421

                                                                    1,766             2,464            1,501               704            6,435



              *        In addition, according to the “Notice on the Compensation Information Disclosure of the Central Government Controlled
                       Enterprises” (Guozifenpei [2016] No.339) (translated from《關於做好中央企業負責人薪酬信息披露工作的通知》(國資分
                       配[2016]339號)), certain directors were also entitled to deferred bonuses in relation to the years of 2022 to 2024. The
                       deferred bonuses paid to Mr. Chen Zhongyue, Mr. Jian Qin, Mr. Wang Junzhi, Mr. Tang Yongbo and Ms. Li Yuzhuo were
                       RMB804,900, RMB201,200, RMB724,400, RMB716,000 and RMB676,200 respectively




156
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




9.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
     9.1   Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
           The remuneration of each director for the year of 2024 is set out below:


                                                                                                  Bonuses      Contributions
                                                                            Salaries and          paid and        to pension
                                                                   Fees        allowance           payable          schemes          Total
            Name of Director                   Note        (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)        (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)      (RMB’000)


            Chen Zhongyue                       (a)                  —               569                367             161         1,097
            Jian Qin                            (b)                  —               184                276             121           581
            Wang Junzhi                         (c)                  —               512                331             160         1,003
            Li Yuzhuo                                                —               497                331             160           988
            Cheung Wing Lam Linus                                  438                 —                  —              —            438
            Wong Wai Ming                       (f)                124                 —                 —               —            124
            Chung Shui Ming Timpson                                476                 —                 —               —            476
            Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                                 419                 —                 —               —            419
            Fan Chun Wah Andrew                 (e)                305                 —                 —               —            305

                                                                 1,762             1,762               1,305            602         5,431


           Notes:


           (a)      Mr. Chen Zhongyue resigned as chairman and chief executive officer on 29 October 2025.


           (b)      Mr. Jian Qin was appointed as executive director and president on 10 April 2024.


           (c)      Mr. Wang Junzhi resigned as executive director on 22 May 2025.


           (d)      Mr. Tang Yongbo was appointed as executive director on 27 June 2025.


           (e)      Mr. Fan Chun Wah Andrew was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 10 April 2024.


           (f)      Mr. Wong Wai Ming resigned from his position as an independent non-executive director on 10 April 2024.


           During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no share options were granted to the directors.


           No directors waived the right to receive emoluments during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.


           During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Company did not incur any payment to any director for loss of office
           or as an inducement to any director to join the Company.




                                                                                                                                       157
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




9.     EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
       9.2    Senior management’s emoluments
              Of the nine (2024: nine) senior management of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025, five (2024: four) of them
              are directors of the Company and their remuneration has been disclosed in Note 9.1. For the remuneration of the remaining
              four (2024: five) senior management all fall within the band from RMBNil to RMB1,000,000 (2024: all fall within the band
              from RMBNil to RMB1,000,000).


       9.3    Five highest paid individuals
              Of the five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2025, five of them are staffs and one falls within the band
              from RMB2,500,001 to RMB3,000,000, three fall within the band from RMB3,000,001 to RMB3,500,000, one falls within
              the band from RMB3,500,001 to RMB4,000,000 (2024: five of them are staffs and three fall within the band from
              RMB2,500,001 to RMB3,000,000, one falls within the band from RMB3,000,001 to RMB3,500,000, one falls within the
              band from RMB4,000,001 to RMB4,500,000).


              The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the five (2024: five) highest paid individuals are as follows:


                                                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                                             (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)

                Salaries and allowances                                                                             6,454            5,820
                Bonuses paid and payable                                                                            7,623            7,530
                Contributions to pension schemes                                                                    1,761            1,984

                                                                                                                  15,838            15,334



              During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group did not incur any payment to the above five highest paid
              individuals for loss of office or as an inducement to these individuals to join or upon joining the Group.




158
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




10.   COSTS OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS PRODUCTS SOLD

                                                                             2025               2024

      Handsets and other telecommunication products                         42,111             41,583
      Others                                                                  826                883

                                                                            42,937             42,466



11.   OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                             2025               2024

      Impairment losses under ECL, net of reversal                           5,274              6,972
      Write-down of inventories                                               262                303
      Commission and other service expenses                                 27,549             26,522
      Advertising and promotion expenses                                     1,952              2,069
      Internet access terminal maintenance expenses                          3,030              2,856
      Customer retention costs                                               2,925              3,298
      Auditors’ remuneration:
        — Audit of the financial statements                                    47                 47
        — Other special audit and assurance services                            2                   5
        — Non-audit services                                                    1                   1
      Property management fee                                                2,823              2,787
      Office and administrative expenses                                     1,642              1,820
      Transportation expense                                                  641                702
      Miscellaneous taxes and fees                                           1,818              1,705
      Service technical support expenses                                    54,535             53,273
      Repairs and maintenance expenses                                        420                419
      Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment and other assets    (2,694)            (2,827)
      Others                                                                 6,825              7,271

                                                                           107,052           107,223




                                                                                                   159
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




12.    FINANCE COSTS

                                                                               Note   2025     2024

        Finance costs:
           — Interest on lease liabilities                                            1,118    1,543
           — Interest on related party loans                                           169      145
           — Interest on bank loans and others                                          42       56
           — Less: Interest capitalised in construction-in-progress (“CIP”)    16       (18)      (4)

        Total interest expense                                                        1,311    1,740
           — Net exchange (gain)/loss                                                   (66)     26
           — Others                                                                     31       18

                                                                                      1,276    1,784



13.    OTHER INCOME — NET

                                                                                      2025     2024

        Dividends from financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)              171      156
        Investment income from debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)           201      385
        Fair value gains on financial instrument measured at FVPL                       20       49
        Gains on disposal of financial assets measured at FVPL                          60       17
        Payables that do not need to be paid                                          1,205    2,059
        Government grants and others                                                   555     2,285

                                                                                      2,212    4,951




160
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




14.   TAXATION
      Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits for the year.
      Taxation on profits outside Hong Kong has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation
      prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. The Company’s subsidiaries operate mainly in Chinese Mainland and the
      applicable statutory enterprise income tax rate is 25% (2024: 25%). Taxation for certain subsidiaries in Chinese Mainland was
      calculated at a preferential tax rate of 15% (2024: 15%).


                                                                                                                2025                2024

       Provision for estimated profits for the year
         — Hong Kong profits tax                                                                                   54                  72
         — Chinese Mainland and other jurisdictions income tax                                                  3,287               4,090
       Under tax provision in respect of prior years                                                               28                  72

                                                                                                                3,369               4,234

       Deferred taxation                                                                                        1,174                 287

       Income tax expenses                                                                                      4,543               4,521




                                                                                                                                        161
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




14.    TAXATION (Continued)
       Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit before income tax at PRC statutory tax rate:


                                                                                               Note                   2025              2024

        Profit before income tax                                                                                     25,453           25,254

        Expected income tax expense at PRC statutory tax rate of 25%                                                  6,363            6,314
        Impact of different tax rates outside Chinese Mainland                                                          (64)              (55)
        Tax effect of preferential tax rate                                                     (i)                   (290)              (230)
        Additional deduction for qualified research and development costs                       (i)                  (1,314)          (1,098)
        Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                                          729               463
        Tax effect of non-taxable income from share of net profit of joint ventures                                   (372)              (370)
        Tax effect of non-taxable income from share of net profit of associates                                       (612)              (583)
        Under provision in respect of prior years                                                                       28                 72
        Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised, net of utilisation                      (ii)                    75                     8

        Income tax expense                                                                                            4,543            4,521



       (i)    According to the PRC enterprise income tax law and its relevant regulations, entities that are qualified as high and new
              technology enterprise under the tax law are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% (2024: 15%). Certain
              subsidiaries of the Group obtained the approval of high and new technology enterprise and were entitled to a preferential
              income tax rate of 15% (2024: 15%), and certain research and development costs of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are
              qualified for 100% (2024: 100%) additional deduction for tax purpose.


       (ii)   As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not recognise deferred tax assets in respect of tax losses amounting to approximately
              RMB763 million (31 December 2024: approximately RMB366 million), since it is not probable that future taxable profits will
              be available against which the deferred tax asset can be utilised. The tax losses can be carried forward for five to ten years
              from the year incurred and hence will be expired by the year of 2026 to 2035.


       In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) released the Global Anti-Base Erosion
       (“GloBE”) rules, also known as Pillar Two Rules, aimed at reforming international corporate taxation. The Group is operating in
       certain jurisdictions where the Pillar Two Rules are effective. However, as the Group’s estimated effective tax rates for most of the
       jurisdictions in which the Group operates are higher than 15%, after taking into account the adjustments under the Pillar Two Rules
       based on management’s best estimate, the management of the Group considered the Group is not liable to material top-up tax under
       the Pillar Two Rules. The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception from recognising and disclosing deferred tax assets
       and liabilities for the impacts of the top-up tax and accounts for it as a current tax when it is incurred.


       As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not recognise deferred tax assets in respect of fair value changes on financial assets measured
       at FVOCI (non-recycling) amounting to approximately RMB9,618 million (2024: approximately RMB9,563 million), since it is not
       probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.




162
                                                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




14.   TAXATION (Continued)
      The movement of the net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) is as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                      2025                       2024

       Net deferred tax assets after offsetting:
           — Beginning of year                                                                                                                                        1,256                       817
           — Deferred tax credited to the consolidated statement of income                                                                                              270                       405
           — Deferred tax (charged)/credited to other comprehensive income                                                                                               (3)                         7
           — Deferred tax credited to reserves                                                                                                                           18                        27
           — End of year                                                                                                                                              1,541                      1,256

       Net deferred tax liabilities after offsetting
           — Beginning of year                                                                                                                                    (1,306)                        (600)
           — Deferred tax charged to the consolidated statement of income                                                                                         (1,444)                        (692)
           — Deferred tax credited/(charged) to other comprehensive income                                                                                                5                        (14)
           — End of year                                                                                                                                          (2,745)                       (1,306)



      The components of the deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the
      movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                   Unrecognised
                                                              revaluation surplus                                       Unrealised
                                                              on prepayments for                      Accruals of   profit from the      Accelerated
                                                               the leasehold land                expenses not yet     transactions    depreciation of
                                                Credit loss    determined under     Unused tax     deductible for      with Tower     property, plant    Right-of-use        Lease
       Deferred tax arising from                allowance        PRC regulation         losses       tax purpose         Company      and equipment            assets    liabilities   Others      Total
                                                                       (Note (i))                                                          (Note (ii))

       At 1 January 2024                             4,743                 1,114          11               6,505               120           (18,304)       (10,215)        10,800      5,443        217
       Credited/(charged) to the consolidated
           statement of income                       1,175                   (47)        154               1,714               (65)           (3,130)         1,578          (1,412)     (254)      (287)
       Charged to other comprehensive income            —                     —           —                   —                 —                  —             —                —        (7)         (7)
       Credited to reserves                             —                     —           —                   —                 —                  —             —                —        27         27

       At 31 December 2024                           5,918                 1,067         165               8,219                55           (21,434)        (8,637)          9,388     5,209        (50)

       Credited/(charged) to the consolidated
           statement of income                         857                   (48)         18                 927               (55)           (3,189)         2,309          (2,262)      269      (1,174)
       Credited to other comprehensive income           —                     —           —                   —                 —                  —             —                —         2            2
       Credited to reserves                             —                     —           —                   —                 —                  —             —                —        18         18

       At 31 December 2025                           6,775                 1,019         183               9,146                —            (24,623)        (6,328)          7,126     5,498      (1,204)




                                                                                                                                                                                                    163
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




14.    TAXATION (Continued)
       (i)       The prepayments for the leasehold land were revalued for PRC tax purposes as at 31 December 2003 and 2004. However, the
                 resulting revaluations of the prepayments for the leasehold land were not recognised under HKFRS Accounting Standards.
                 Accordingly, deferred tax assets were recorded by the Group under HKFRS Accounting Standards.


       (ii)      According to “Announcement on Enterprise Income Tax Policy for Those Enterprise Involved in the Accelerated Depreciation
                 of Property, Plant and Equipment” (Caishui [2014] No.75) issued by the MOF and the State Administration Taxation
                 (“SAT”) of the PRC, starting from 2014, the Group’s property, plant and equipment that comply with this tax policy are
                 allowed to be depreciated under the accelerated depreciation method, or fully deducted for tax purpose in the year of purchase.
                 Temporary differences arise from the different useful lives under tax basis and accounting basis have been recorded as deferred
                 tax liabilities.


15.    EARNINGS PER SHARE
       Basic earnings per share for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were computed by dividing the profit attributable to equity
       shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the years.


       Diluted earnings per share for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were computed by dividing the profit attributable to
       equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the years, after adjusting
       for the effects of the dilutive potential ordinary shares. There were no dilutive potential ordinary shares for the years ended
       31 December 2025 and 2024.


       The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share:


                                                                                                                    2025                  2024

        Numerator (in RMB millions):
        Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company used in
              computing basic/diluted earnings per share                                                           20,816                20,613

        Denominator (in millions):
        Number of ordinary shares outstanding used in computing basic/diluted
              earnings per share                                                                                   30,598                30,598

        Basic/Diluted earnings per share (in RMB)                                                                    0.68                  0.67




164
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




16.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
      The movements of property, plant and equipment for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                         2025

                                                                            Office furniture,
                                                                    Tele-    fixtures, motor
                                                          communications vehicles and other        Leasehold
                                              Buildings        equipment         equipment      improvements       CIP         Total

       Cost:
         Beginning of year                      86,228           885,060             20,955            3,262    36,328     1,031,833
         Additions                               1,863               338                 407             87     49,018       51,713
         Transfer from CIP                       4,009            46,732               1,262            380     (52,383)         —
         Transfer to other assets                   —                 —                   —              —       (2,369)      (2,369)
         Disposals                                (311)          (16,408)               (878)           (407)        (3)     (18,007)

         End of year                            91,789           915,722             21,746            3,322    30,591     1,063,170

       Accumulated depreciation and
         impairment:
         Beginning of year                     (48,786)         (613,403)           (15,717)          (2,300)       (97)   (680,303)
         Charge for the year                    (2,774)          (49,986)             (1,309)           (392)        —       (54,461)
         Disposals                                 274            15,660                 861            407           3      17,205

         End of year                           (51,286)         (647,729)           (16,165)          (2,285)       (94)   (717,559)

       Net book value:
         End of year                            40,503           267,993               5,581           1,037    30,497      345,611

         Beginning of year                      37,442           271,657               5,238            962     36,231      351,530




                                                                                                                                 165
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




16.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                                                                  2024

                                                                                     Office furniture,
                                                                            Tele-     fixtures, motor
                                                                   communications   vehicles and other      Leasehold
                                                    Buildings           equipment          equipment     improvements      CIP          Total

        Cost:
           Beginning of year                            80,983           841,919              19,949           3,212    50,377       996,440
           Additions                                     1,175               362                 326              92    60,193        62,148
           Transfer from CIP                             4,168            59,515               1,270             343    (65,296)          —
           Transfer to other assets                         —                 —                   —               —      (8,946)      (8,946)
           Disposals                                        (98)         (16,736)                (590)          (385)        —       (17,809)

           End of year                                  86,228           885,060              20,955           3,262    36,328     1,031,833

        Accumulated depreciation and
           impairment:
           Beginning of year                            (46,190)        (576,818)            (14,995)         (2,345)       (97)    (640,445)
           Charge for the year                           (2,683)         (52,551)              (1,292)          (326)        —       (56,852)
           Disposals                                        87            15,966                 570             371         —        16,994

           End of year                                  (48,786)        (613,403)            (15,717)         (2,300)       (97)    (680,303)

        Net book value:
           End of year                                  37,442           271,657               5,238             962    36,231       351,530

           Beginning of year                            34,793           265,101               4,954             867    50,280       355,995



       For the year ended 31 December 2025, interest expense of approximately RMB18 million (2024: approximately RMB4 million) was
       capitalised in CIP. The capitalised borrowing rate represented the cost of capital for raising the related borrowings and varied from
       1.73% to 2.40% for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: 1.70% to 2.40%).


       Mainly as a result of the Group’s ongoing modification of its telecommunications network and following subscribers’ voluntarily cross
       network migration progress, the Group disposed certain property, plant and equipment with carrying amounts of RMB802 million for
       the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB815 million).




166
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




17.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                                      2025

                                                                                         Tele-
                                                                               communications
                                                                  Buildings         equipment    Land use rights        Others         Total

       Cost:
         Beginning of year                                           20,127            77,242            15,305         2,608       115,282
         Additions                                                    3,138             3,215                160          507         7,020
         Disposals                                                   (5,738)           (5,049)                (22)       (468)       (11,277)

         End of year                                                 17,527            75,408            15,443         2,647       111,025

       Accumulated depreciation and impairment:
         Beginning of year                                          (11,274)          (48,956)            (5,826)       (1,704)      (67,760)
         Charge for the year                                         (3,558)           (8,845)               (364)       (596)       (13,363)
         Disposals                                                    5,525             2,750                 20          468         8,763

         End of year                                                 (9,307)          (55,051)            (6,170)       (1,832)      (72,360)

       Net book value:
         End of year                                                  8,220            20,357              9,273          815        38,665

         Beginning of year                                            8,853            28,286              9,479          904        47,522



                                                                                                      2024

                                                                                         Tele-
                                                                                communications
                                                                   Buildings         equipment    Land use rights       Others         Total

       Cost:
         Beginning of year                                          19,201             75,411            14,030         2,288       110,930
         Additions                                                    4,050             4,466              1,384          605        10,505
         Disposals                                                   (3,124)           (2,635)               (109)       (285)        (6,153)

         End of year                                                20,127             77,242            15,305         2,608       115,282

       Accumulated depreciation and impairment:
         Beginning of year                                          (10,288)          (41,192)            (5,558)       (1,284)      (58,322)
         Charge for the year                                         (3,965)           (8,749)               (298)       (650)       (13,662)
         Disposals                                                    2,979               985                 30          230         4,224

         End of year                                                (11,274)          (48,956)            (5,826)       (1,704)      (67,760)

       Net book value:
         End of year                                                  8,853            28,286              9,479          904        47,522

         Beginning of year                                            8,913            34,219              8,472        1,004        52,608



      Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in Note 35.




                                                                                                                                         167
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




18.    GOODWILL
       Goodwill arising from the acquisitions of Unicom New Century Telecommunications Co., Ltd. and Unicom New World
       Telecommunications Co., Ltd. by the Group in 2002 and 2003, respectively, represented the excess of the purchase consideration over
       the Group’s share of the fair values of the separately identifiable net assets acquired prior to the adoption of AG 5 in 2005.


       Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating unit (the “CGU”). The recoverable amount of the CGU with goodwill is
       determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections for 5 years based on financial
       budgets approved by management, and extrapolated using a steady 1% growth rate for subsequent years (2024: 1%), and the
       applicable discount rate of 10% (2024: 11%). Management determined expected growth rate and operating results based on past
       performance and its expectations in relation to market developments. The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks
       relating to the CGU. Based on management’s assessment results, there was no impairment of goodwill as at 31 December 2025 and
       2024, any reasonably possible change in the assumptions used in the calculation of recoverable amount would not result in
       impairment losses.


19.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
       As at 31 December 2025, the details of the Company’s subsidiaries are as follows:


                                    Place and date of incorporation/    Percentage of equity

                                    establishment and nature of legal      interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
        Name                        entity                               Direct     Indirect    paid up capital                       place of operation

        CUCL                        The PRC, 21 April 2000, limited      100%               —   RMB225,392,084,328                    Telecommunications operation in the
                                       liability company                                                                                 PRC


        CUGL                        Hong Kong, 29 May 2015, limited      100%               —   HKD2,625,097,491                      Investment holding
                                       company


        China Unicom (Hong Kong)    Hong Kong, 24 May 2000, limited          —        100%      HKD1,510,100,000                      Telecommunications service in Hong
           Operations Limited          company                                                                                           Kong


        China Unicom (Americas)     USA, 24 May 2002, limited company        —        100%      5,000 shares, USD100 each             Telecommunications service in the USA
           Operations Limited


        China Unicom (Europe)       The United Kingdom, 8 November           —        100%      4,861,000 shares, GBP1 each           Telecommunications operation in the
           Operations Limited          2006, limited company                                                                             United Kingdom


        China Unicom (Japan)        Japan, 25 January 2007, limited          —        100%      1,000 shares, JPY366,000 each         Telecommunications operation in Japan
           Operations Corporation      company


        China Unicom (Singapore)    Singapore, 5 August 2009, limited        —        100%      80,000,000 shares, RMB1 each          Telecommunications operation in
           Operations Pte Limited      company                                                                                           Singapore




168
                                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




19.   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                        Place and date of incorporation/          Percentage of equity

                                        establishment and nature of legal            interests held      Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
      Name                              entity                                     Direct     Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation

      China Unicom (South Africa)       South Africa, 19 November 2012,                —        100%     200 shares in total: 100 shares,      Telecommunications operation in South
         Operations (Pty) Limited          limited liability company                                        ZAR 1 each 100 shares, ZAR            Africa
                                                                                                            512,063.34 each


      China Unicom (MYA)                The Republic of the Union of                   —        100%     2,150,000 shares, USD1 each           Communications technology training in
         Operations Company                Myanmar (“Myanmar”), 7 June                                                                            Myanmar
         Limited                           2013, limited liability company


      China Unicom (Australia)          Australia, 27 May 2014, limited                —        100%     18,135,920 shares, AUD 1 each         Telecommunications operation in
         Operations Pty Limited            liability company                                                                                      Australia


      China Unicom (Russia)             Russia, 28 December 2016, limited              —        100%     RUB127,453,000                        Telecommunications service in Russia
         Operations Limited Liability      liability company
         Company


      China Unicom (Brazil)             Brazil, 23 June 2016, limited liability        —        100%     R$35,603,423                          Telecommunications service in Brazil
         Telecommunications                company
         Limited


      China Unicom (Brazil)             Brazil, 27 October 2017, limited               —        100%     R$34,605,225                          Investment holding
         Holdings Ltda.                    liability company


      China Unicom Operations           Thailand, 20 November 2017, limited            —        100%     1,040,000 shares, Baht100 each        Telecommunications service in Thailand
         (Thailand) Limited                liability company


      China Unicom Operations           Malaysia, 10 November 2017, limited            —        100%     3,200,000 shares, MYR1 each           Telecommunications service in Malaysia
         (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.              liability company


      China Unicom Operations           Korea, 24 November 2017, limited               —        100%     60,000 shares, KRW5,000 each          Telecommunications service in Korea
         Korea Co., Ltd                    liability company


      China Unicom (Vietnam)            Vietnam, 19 April 2018, limited                —        100%     VND2,276,000,000                      Telecommunications service in Vietnam
         Operations Company                liability company
         Limited


      China Unicom (Cambodia)           Cambodia, 11 May 2018, limited                 —        100%     560,000 shares, Riels4,000 each       Telecommunications service in Cambodia
         Operations Co. Ltd                liability company


      PT China Unicom Indonesia         Indonesia, 25 October 2019, limited            —        100%     20,000,000,001 shares, Rp1 each       Telecommunications service in Indonesia
         Operations                        liability company




                                                                                                                                                                                 169
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




19.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                       Place and date of incorporation/     Percentage of equity

                                       establishment and nature of legal       interests held      Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
        Name                           entity                                Direct     Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation

        China Unicom (Philippines)     Philippines, 6 November 2019,             —        100%     103,012 shares, Php100 each           Telecommunications service in
           Operations Inc                 limited liability company                                                                         Philippines


        China Unicom (Mexico)          Mexico, 29 October 2021, limited          —        100%     Peso88,000,000                        Telecommunications service in Mexico
           Operations Limited             liability company


        Unicom Vsens                   The PRC, 19 August 2008, limited          —        100%     RMB610,526,532                        Sales of handsets, telecommunications
           Telecommunications             liability company                                                                                 equipment and provision of customer
           Company Limited                                                                                                                  services in the PRC


        China Unicom Digital           The PRC, 30 April 2006, limited           —        100%     RMB9,771,547,616                      Provision of information communications
           Technology Co,.Ltd             liability company                                                                                 technology services in the PRC


        China Unicom Online            The PRC, 29 March 2006, limited           —        100%     RMB400,000,000                        Provision of internet and value-added
           Information Technology         liability company                                                                                 telecommunications services in the
           Company Limited                                                                                                                  PRC


        Beijing Telecom Planning and   The PRC, 25 April 1996, limited           —        100%     RMB264,227,115                        Provision of consultancy,survey, design
           Designing Institute            liability company                                                                                 and contract services relating to
           Company Limited                                                                                                                  information projects and construction
                                                                                                                                            projects in the telecommunications
                                                                                                                                            industry in the PRC


        China Information Technology   The PRC, 11 November 1991, limited        —         75%     RMB573,333,335                        Provision of consultancy,survey, design
           Designing & Consulting         liability company                                                                                 and engineering procurement
           Institute Company Limited                                                                                                        construction services relating to
                                                                                                                                            information projects and construction
                                                                                                                                            projects in the telecommunications
                                                                                                                                            industry in the PRC


        China Unicom Information       The PRC, 17 September 1998,               —        100%     RMB6,825,087,800                      Provision of telecommunications
           Navigation Company             limited liability company                                                                         customer services in the PRC
           Limited


        Zhongxun Chuangke (Suzhou)     The PRC, 21 December 2005, limited        —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information system
           Intelligent Technology         liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC
           Company Limited




170
                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




19.   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                      Place and date of incorporation/    Percentage of equity

                                      establishment and nature of legal      interests held      Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
      Name                            entity                               Direct     Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation

      Unicompay Company Limited       The PRC, 11 April 2011, limited          —        100%     RMB250,000,000                        Provision of e-payment services in the
                                         liability company                                                                                PRC


      Beijing Wo Digital Media        The PRC, 21 July 2006, limited           —        100%     RMB20,000,000                         Provision of advertising design,
         Advertising Co., Ltd            liability company                                                                                production, agency and publication in
                                                                                                                                          the PRC


      Guangdong Unicom                The PRC, 28 May 2013, limited            —        100%     RMB80,000,000                         Provision of telecommunications network
         Communication                   liability company                                                                                construction, maintenance and
         Construction Co., Ltd                                                                                                            technical services in the PRC


      China Unicom Intelligence       The PRC, 15 August 2007, limited         —        100%     RMB150,000,000                        Provision of technical development and
         Security Technology             liability company                                                                                internet technology services in the
         Corporation Limited                                                                                                              PRC


      Unicom Cloud Data Company       The PRC, 4 June 2013, limited            —        100%     RMB4,000,000,000                      Provision of technology development,
         Limited                         liability company                                                                                transfer and consulting service in the
                                                                                                                                          PRC


      Unicom Innovation Investment    The PRC, 29 April 2014, limited          —        100%     RMB4,840,000,000                      Venture capital investment business in the
         Company Limited                 liability company                                                                                PRC


      Xiaowo Technology Co. Ltd       The PRC, 24 October 2014, limited        —        100%     RMB200,000,000                        Provision of internet and value-added
                                         liability company                                                                                telecommunications business in the
                                                                                                                                          PRC


      China Unicom Smart              The PRC, 7 August 2015, limited          —      68.88%     RMB246,796,148                        Auto informatisation in the PRC
         Connection Technology           liability company
         Company Limited


      China Unicom Smart Mobility     The PRC, 26 September 2018,              —         80%     RMB13,000,000                         Provision of technology promotion service
         Technology (Cheng Du) Co.,      limited liability company                                                                        of intelligent transportation system’s
         Ltd.                                                                                                                             products in the PRC


      Finance Company                 The PRC, 17 June 2016, limited           —         91%     RMB3,000,000,000                      Provision of financial services in the PRC
                                         liability company


      Unicom United Investment        The PRC, 28 January 2016, limited        —        100%     RMB5,000,000                          Venture capital investment business in the
         (Beijing) Co., Ltd.             liability company                                                                                PRC




                                                                                                                                                                           171
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




19.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                         Place and date of incorporation/     Percentage of equity

                                         establishment and nature of legal       interests held      Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
        Name                             entity                                Direct     Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation

        Lianchuangqianxian (Guizhou)     The PRC, 8 October 2016, limited          —         60%     RMB1,537,500                          Venture capital investment business in the
           Technology Service Co.,          liability company                                                                                 PRC
           Ltd.


        China Unicom Emerging            The PRC, 1 February 2016, limited         —         99%     RMB68,074,936                         Venture capital investment business in the
           (Beijing) Investment Centre      partnership                                                                                       PRC
           (Limited Partnership)


        Beijing Medical Health Model     The PRC, 24 August 2017, limited          —        100%     RMB500,000,000                        Provision of data processing in the PRC
           Co., Ltd (Former                 liability company
           name:Unicom Big Data Co.,
           Ltd.)


        Liantong Travel Service          The PRC, 30 September 2017,               —        100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of tourism and information
           (Beijing) Company Limited        limited liability company                                                                         services in the PRC


        China Unicom (Guangdong)         The PRC, 5 January 2017, limited          —        100%     RMB150,000,000                        Provision of information system
           Industrial Internet              liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC
           Company Limited


        China Unicom (Zhejiang)          The PRC, 20 June 2017, limited            —        100%     RMB61,000,000                         Provision of data, information and
           Industry Internet Company        liability company                                                                                 technology services business in the
           Limited                                                                                                                            PRC


        China Unicom (ShanDong)          The PRC, 3 March 2017, limited            —        100%     RMB150,000,000                        Provision of information system
           Industrial Internet              liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC
           Company Limited


        China Unicom (Fujian)            The PRC, 23 February 2018, limited        —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information system
           Industrial Internet              liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC
           Company Limited


        China Unicom (Shanxi)            The PRC, 21 March 2018, limited           —        100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of information system
           Industrial Internet              liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC
           Company Limited


        China Unicom Xiongan             The PRC, 25 April 2018, limited           —        100%     RMB1,302,712,600                      Provision of information system
           Industrial Internet              liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC
           Company Limited




172
                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




19.   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                        Place and date of incorporation/    Percentage of equity

                                        establishment and nature of legal      interests held      Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
      Name                              entity                               Direct     Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation

      China Unicom (Sichuan)            The PRC, 29 March 2018, limited          —        100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of information system
         Industrial Internet               liability company                                                                                integration business in the PRC
         Company Limited


      China Unicom (Liaoning)           The PRC, 28 March 2018, limited          —        100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of information system
         Industrial Internet               liability company                                                                                integration business in the PRC
         Company Limited


      China Unicom (Jiangsu)            The PRC, 9 May 2018, limited             —        100%     RMB26,200,000                         Provision of information system
         Industrial Internet               liability company                                                                                integration business in the PRC
         Company Limited


      China Unicom (Shanghai)           The PRC, 13 March 2018, limited          —        100%     RMB70,000,000                         Provision of information system
         Industrial Internet               liability company                                                                                integration business in the PRC
         Company Limited


      China Unicom (Heilongjiang)       The PRC, 14 March 2018, limited          —        100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of information system
         Industrial Internet               liability company                                                                                integration business in the PRC
         Company Limited


      Henan Industrial                  The PRC, 30 May 2019, limited            —         40%     RMB90,000,000                         Provision of information system
         Interconnection &                 liability company                                                                                integration business in the PRC
         Technology Co, Ltd


      China Unicom Video                The PRC, 17 January 2018, limited        —        100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of technology research and
         Technology Co., Ltd.              liability company                                                                                development of TV and mobile video,
                                                                                                                                            consultation, disposal, promotion and
                                                                                                                                            value-added telecommunications
                                                                                                                                            services


      China Unicom Internet of          The PRC, 16 March 2018, limited          —        100%     RMB261,516,702                        Provision of internet of things technology,
         Things Corporation Limited        liability company                                                                                consultation and service in the PRC


      China Unicom High-tech Big        The PRC, 29 March 2018, limited          —         51%     RMB10,000,000                         Provision of Big Data Service, cloud
         Data Artificial Intelligence      liability company                                                                                computation and infrastructure service
         Technology (Chengdu) Co.,                                                                                                          in the PRC
         Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                              173
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




19.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                       Place and date of incorporation/     Percentage of equity

                                       establishment and nature of legal       interests held      Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
        Name                           entity                                Direct     Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation

        China Unicom iRead Science     The PRC, 28 April 2018, limited           —        100%     RMB51,000,000                         Provision of internet and value-added
           and Culture Co., Ltd.          liability company                                                                                 telecommunications business in the
                                                                                                                                            PRC


        China Unicom WO Music &        The PRC, 8 May 2018, limited              —        100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of internet information services
           Culture Co., Ltd.              liability company                                                                                 in the PRC


        China Unicom Leasing Co.,      The PRC, 11 April 2018, limited         25%         75%     RMB3,000,000,000                      Provision of financing leasing business in
           Ltd.                           liability company                                                                                 the PRC


        Yunjing Culture And Tourism    The PRC, 27 February 2019, limited        —         80%     RMB25,000,000                         Provision of tourism and big data
           Technology Co., Ltd            liability company                                                                                 business, data analysis, processing and
                                                                                                                                            application services in the PRC


        Yundun Intelligent Security    The PRC, 11 November 2019, limited        —         51%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of software development;
           Technology Co., Ltd            liability company                                                                                 technology promotion and
                                                                                                                                            development in the PRC


        Wobaifu Information            The PRC, 17 April 2020, limited           —        100%     RMB1,000,000                          Provision of other technology promotion
           Technology (Tianjin) Co.,      liability company                                                                                 service in the PRC
           Ltd


        China Unicom FAW               The PRC, 27 September 2002,               —         51%     RMB86,458,636                         Telecommunications business in the PRC
           Communication Technology       limited liability company
           (Changchun) Co., Ltd


        Jiangxi Zhengtong Digital      The PRC, 14 December 2020, limited        —         51%     RMB30,000,000                         Provision of telecommunication,
           Economy Technology             liability company                                                                                 television broadcasting and satellite
           (Former name: Yichun                                                                                                             transmission services in the PRC
           Digital Economy Industry
           Operation Co., Ltd)


        Lianchuang Weilai (Wuhan)      The PRC, 29 July 2020, limited            —      61.64%     RMB1,133,959,578.06                   Provision of investment business in the
           Intelligent Manufacturing      liability company                                                                                 PRC
           Industry Investment
           Partnership (Limited
           Partnership)


        Hebei Sign Technology Co.,     The PRC, 22 October 2021, limited         —         70%     RMB10,000,000                         Provision of information system
           Ltd.                           liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC




174
                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




19.   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                        Place and date of incorporation/     Percentage of equity

                                        establishment and nature of legal       interests held      Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
      Name                              entity                                Direct     Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation

      China Unicom Spirit Realm         The PRC, 9 July 2021, limited             —        100%     RMB10,000,000                         Provision of internet and
         Video (Jiangxi) Technology        liability company                                                                                 telecommunication value added
         Company Limited                                                                                                                     business in the PRC


      China Unicom Innovation           The PRC, 6 June 2014, limited             —         70%     RMB40,000,000                         Provision of pioneer investment business
         Investment Company                liability company                                                                                 in the PRC
         (Shanghai), Ltd


      China Unicom Western              The PRC, 6 September 2021, limited        —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information technology
         Innovation Institute              liability company                                                                                 consultation services


      Lian Kuan (Wuhan) Investment      The PRC, 24 July 2020, limited            —      87.47%     RMB8,715,000                          Provision of investment business in the
         Center (Limited                   liability company                                                                                 PRC
         Partnership)


      Lingang Data Intelligence         The PRC, 29 December 2021 limited         —        100%     RMB1,000,000,000                      Provision of internet data and security
         Technology (Shanghai) Co.,        liability company                                                                                 services; cloud computing services in
         Ltd.                                                                                                                                the PRC


      China Unicom Intelligence         The PRC, 30 May 2022, limited             —        100%     RMB1,200,000,000                      Provision of internet data services, 5G
         Technology Industrial             liability company                                                                                 Communications technology services
         Co., Ltd                                                                                                                            and AI industry application services in
                                                                                                                                             the PRC


      China Unicom (Beijing)            The PRC, 21 November 2022, limited        —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Industrial Internet Co., Ltd      liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC


      China Unicom (Jilin) Industrial   The PRC, 8 August 2022, limited           —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Internet Company Limited          liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC


      China Unicom (Anhui) Industry     The PRC, 13 July 2022, limited            —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Internet Company Limited          liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC


      China Unicom (Jiangxi)            The PRC, 16 November 2022, limited        —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Industrial Internet Co., Ltd      liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC


      China Unicom (Hubei)              The PRC, 26 September 2022,               —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Industrial Internet               limited liability company                                                                         integration business in the PRC
         Company Limited




                                                                                                                                                                               175
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




19.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                         Place and date of incorporation/     Percentage of equity

                                         establishment and nature of legal       interests held      Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
        Name                             entity                                Direct     Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation

        China Unicom (Henan)             The PRC, 22 August 2022, limited          —        100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of information and system
           Industrial Internet              liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC
           Company Limited


        China Unicom (Hunan)             The PRC, 13 September 2022,               —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of internet other information
           Industrial Internet              limited liability company                                                                         services in the PRC
           Company Limited


        China Unicom (Hainan)            The PRC, 19 July 2022, limited            —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
           Industrial Internet              liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC
           Company Limited


        Yunjin Intelligence Technology   The PRC, 6 June 2022, limited             —         45%     RMB42,500,000                         Provision of internet data services and
           Corporation Limited              liability company                                                                                 technology development in the PRC


        Chongqing Digital intelligence   The PRC, 8 August 2022, limited           —         70%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of technology development and
           Integration Innovation           liability company                                                                                 application, integrated innovation and
           Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               operation in the PRC


        Unicom (Langfang) Cloud Data     The PRC, 31 October 2022, limited         —        100%     RMB5,000,000                          Provision of type 1 value-added
           Company Limited                  liability company                                                                                 telecommunications services and
                                                                                                                                              internet technology services etc in the
                                                                                                                                              PRC


        Unicom (Zhejiang) Cloud Data     The PRC, 25 May 2022, limited             —        100%     RMB40,000,000                         Provision of big data services and
           Company Limited                  liability company                                                                                 information technology services in the
                                                                                                                                              PRC


        China Unicom (Tianjin)           The PRC, 12 September 2023,               —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
           Industrial Internet              limited liability company                                                                         integration business in the PRC
           Company Limited


        China Unicom (Inner              The PRC, 21 September 2023,               —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
           Mongolia) Industrial             limited liability company                                                                         integration business in the PRC
           Internet Company Limited


        China Unicom (Guangxi)           The PRC, 13 November 2023, limited        —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
           Industrial Internet              liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC
           Company Limited




176
                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




19.   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                       Place and date of incorporation/    Percentage of equity
                                       establishment and nature of legal      interests held      Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
      Name                             entity                               Direct     Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation
      China Unicom (Chongqing)         The PRC, 12 September 2023,              —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Industrial Internet              limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
         Company Limited


      China Unicom (Guizhou)           The PRC, 23 October 2023, limited        —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Industrial Internet              liability company                                                                                integration business in the PRC
         Company Limited


      China Unicom (Shaanxi)           The PRC, 19 September 2023,              —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Industrial Internet              limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
         Company Limited


      China Unicom (Gansu)             The PRC, 22 September 2023,              —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Industrial Internet              limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
         Company Limited


      China Unicom (Ningxia)           The PRC, 3 November 2023, limited        —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Industrial Internet              liability company                                                                                integration business in the PRC
         Company Limited


      China Unicom (Xinjiang)          The PRC, 8 November 2023, limited        —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Industrial Internet              liability company                                                                                integration business in the PRC
         Company Limited


      China Unicom Digital             The PRC, 10 December 2023, other         —      46.63%     RMB150,000,000                        Provision of technology service,
         Intelligence Medical             limited liability company                                                                        development, consultation,
         Technology Co., Ltd                                                                                                               communication, transfer and
                                                                                                                                           promotion in the PRC


      Nebula Times Technology          The PRC, 26 April 2023, other            —         48%     RMB135,000,000                        Provision of internet connection relevant
         Co.,Ltd.                         limited liability company                                                                        service in the PRC


      China Unicom (Guangdong)         The PRC, 26 January 2024, limited        —        100%     RMB1,000,000,000                      Provision of software and information
         Network Information              liability company                                                                                technology service in the PRC
         Security Technology Co.,
         Ltd.


      Rural Revitalization Institute   The PRC, 8 February 2024, limited        —         70%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of value-added
         of Digital Industry              liability company                                                                                telecommunications business,
                                                                                                                                           authentication services, internet
                                                                                                                                           information services, and sales of IT
                                                                                                                                           security products in
                                                                                                                                           the PRC



                                                                                                                                                                            177
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




19.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                       Place and date of incorporation/     Percentage of equity

                                       establishment and nature of legal       interests held      Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
        Name                           entity                                Direct     Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation

        China Unicom (Huailai) Big     The PRC, 20 March 2024, limited           —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of internet data services and
           Data Innovation Industry       liability company                                                                                 technology development services in the
           Company Limited                                                                                                                  PRC


        China Unicom (Qinghai) Green   The PRC, 11 May 2024, limited             —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
           Power Intelligent              liability company                                                                                 integration business in the PRC
           Computing Technology
           Company Limited


        China Unicom Data              The PRC, 22 September 2024,               —        100%     RMB1,500,000,000                      Provision of internet data service in the
           Intelligence Co., Ltd.         limited liability company                                                                         PRC


        China Unicom (Middle East)     United Arab Emirates, 27 September        —        100%     AED 10,210,000                        Telecommunications service in UAE
           Operations FZ-LLC              2024, limited liability company


        China Unicom (Yunnan)          The PRC, 29 September 2024,               —        100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
           Industrial Internet            limited liability company                                                                         integration business in the PRC
           Company Limited


        China Unicom (Macau)           Macau, 19 November 2024, limited          —        100%     MOP22,856,000                         Telecommunications service in Macau
           Operations Limited             liability company


        China Unicom (HONG KONG)       Hong Kong, 20 November 2024,              —        100%     HKD100,000,000                        Natural science research and
           Innovation Research            limited liability company                                                                         experimental development
           Institute Limited


        China Unicom Xinwo Venture     The PRC, 2 February 2016, limited         —         78%     RMB12,000,000                         Provision of investment business in the
           Capital Management             liability company                                                                                 PRC
           (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.


        Unicom Guangxin                The PRC, 18 September 2019,               —      75.95%     RMB253,750,000                        Provision of investment consultation
           I(Guangzhou)Equity             limited liability company                                                                         services in the PRC
           Investment Partnership
           (L.P.)




178
                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




19.   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                      Place and date of incorporation/           Percentage of equity

                                      establishment and nature of legal              interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
       Name                           entity                                       Direct     Indirect    paid up capital                       place of operation

       Unicom (Netherlands)           Netherlands, 28 October 2025,                      —      100%      —                                     Provision of telecommunication services
          Operations B.V.                limited liability company                                                                                 in the Netherlands


       China Unicom Smart             The PRC, 31 March 2025, limited                    —      100%      RMB100,000,000                        Provision of software and information
          Manufacturing Technology       liability company                                                                                         technology services in the PRC
          Industry (Guangdong) Co.,
          Ltd.


      For subsidiaries which the Group’s ownership is less than 50%, the Group has a majority of the voting rights to direct the relevant
      activities of these subsidiaries pursuant to articles of association.


      None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: None of the subsidiaries had
      issued any debt securities).


20.   INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                                                                  2025                       2024

       Share of net assets                                                                                                                      45,792                     45,058



      The following list contains the particulars of a material associate as at 31 December 2025:


                                                                     Place of                      Proportion of
                                         Form of business            incorporation and        ownership interest
       Name                              structure                   business                held by a subsidiary   Paid up capital             Principal activities

       Tower Company                     Incorporated                The PRC                             20.65%     RMB176,008,471,024          Construction, maintenance and
                                                                                                                                                   operation of communications
                                                                                                                                                   towers in the PRC (Note 43.3)


      The above associate is accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                                    179
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




20.    INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
       Summarised financial information of the material associate, adjusted for any differences in accounting policies, and reconciled to the
       carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:


                                                                                                                  Tower Company

                                                                                                                   2025                2024

        Current assets                                                                                          104,069              91,360
        Non-current assets                                                                                      232,510            241,474
        Current liabilities                                                                                     (80,565)            (75,799)
        Non-current liabilities                                                                                 (52,106)            (57,056)
        Equity                                                                                                 (203,908)           (199,979)


        Revenue                                                                                                 100,411              97,772
        Profit for the year                                                                                      11,631              10,730
        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                  11,629              10,727


        Reconciled to the Group’s interest in the associate:
        Net assets of the associate                                                                             203,908            199,979
        The Group’s effective interest                                                                          20.65%              20.65%

                                                                                                                 42,104              41,295
        Adjustment for the remaining balance of the deferred gain from the transactions with
           Tower Company                                                                                              —                (218)

        Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                                                 42,104              41,077



       The fair values of the interests in Tower Company is based on quoted market prices available on the SEHK (level 1: quoted price
       (unadjusted) in active markets) at the financial position date without any deduction for transaction costs and disclosed as follows:


                                                                          As at 31 December 2025                As at 31 December 2024

                                                                            Carrying                             Carrying
                                                                             amount         Fair value            amount          Fair value

        Interest in listed associate
           — Tower Company                                                    42,104            37,949            41,077             37,697




180
                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




20.   INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:


                                                                                                                                2025                       2024

       The Group’s share of profit                                                                                                  48                         73

       The Group’s share of other comprehensive income                                                                               —                         —

       The Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                                                              48                         73

       Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interest in these associates                                                    3,688                     3,981



21.   INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                                                2025                       2024

       Share of net assets                                                                                                    12,640                    11,453



      The following list contains the particulars of a material joint venture, which is an unlisted corporate entity and has no available quoted
      market price as at 31 December 2025:


                                                                                           Proportion of
                                          Form of business   Place of incorporation    ownership interest
       Name                               structure          and business             held by a subsidiary Paid up capital   Principal activities

       Merchants Union Consumer Finance    Incorporated       The PRC                               50% RMB10,000,000,000     Consumer finance consulting in the
          Company Limited (“MUCFC”)                                                                                               PRC




                                                                                                                                                                   181
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




21.    INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
       Summarised financial information of the material joint venture, adjusted for any differences in accounting policies, and reconciled to
       the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:


                                                                                                                      MUCFC

                                                                                                                  2025                2024

        Assets                                                                                                 167,238             163,751
        Liabilities                                                                                           (142,121)           (141,088)
        Equity                                                                                                 (25,117)            (22,663)


        Revenue                                                                                                 16,144              17,318
        Profit for the year                                                                                      3,054               3,016
        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                  3,054               3,016
        Included in above income:
        Interest income                                                                                         20,767              22,391
        Interest expense                                                                                         (2,673)            (3,672)
        Income tax expense                                                                                         (467)              (440)


        Reconciled to the Group’s interests in the joint venture:
        Net assets of the joint venture                                                                         25,117              22,663
        The Group’s effective interest                                                                             50%                50%

        Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                                                12,559              11,332



       Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material:


                                                                                                                  2025                2024

        The Group’s share of loss                                                                                   (40)                (27)

        The Group’s share of other comprehensive income                                                              —                   —

        The Group’s share of total comprehensive expense                                                            (40)                (27)

        Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interest in these joint ventures                                    81                121




182
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




22.   CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES
      (a)   Contract assets


                                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                                                             (Re-presented)

             Contract assets from bundle sales of mobile handsets and provision of service,
                  net of allowance                                                                                  977                  219
             Others                                                                                                 119                  141

             Sub-total                                                                                            1,096                  360
             Less: Current portion                                                                                 (650)                (283)

                                                                                                                    446                   77



            The Group offers preferential packages to the customers which include the bundle sales of mobile handsets and provision of
            service. The total contract consideration of such preferential packages is allocated to service revenue and sales of handsets
            based on their standalone selling prices. The revenue relating to the sale of the handsets is recognised when the customers
            obtain the control of the handsets and the consideration allocated to the sales of mobile handsets is gradually received during
            the contract period when the customers pay the monthly package fee.


      (b)   Contract liabilities


                                                                                            Note                  2025                  2024
                                                                                                                             (Re-presented)

             Advances received from customers for future services                            (i)                45,575                 45,301
             Others                                                                                               1,443                 1,464

                                                                                                                47,018                 46,765



            (i)      Contract liabilities primarily relate to the considerations received from customers before the Group satisfying
                     performance obligations. It would be recognised as revenue upon the rendering of services. Almost all of the contract
                     liability balance as at 31 December 2024 has been recognised as revenue during the year ended 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                                                            183
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




23.    CONTRACT COSTS

                                                                                              Note                  2025                2024

        Direct incremental costs of broadband and internet protocol television
              (“IPTV”) service                                                                 (i)                  7,942              8,850
        Sales commissions                                                                      (ii)                    —                   18

                                                                                                                    7,942              8,868



       (i)       Direct incremental costs for activating broadband and IPTV subscribers mainly include the costs of installing broadband and
                 IPTV terminals at customer’s homes for the provision of broadband and IPTV services, and are amortised over the expected
                 service period. The amount of capitalised direct incremental costs for activating broadband and IPTV subscribers recognised in
                 profit or loss during the year was RMB6,215 million (2024: RMB7,022 million). There was no significant impairment in
                 relation to the capitalised costs as at 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).


       (ii)      Sales commissions are paid to agents whose selling activities resulted in new customers entering into contracts with the Group.
                 The amount of capitalised sales commissions recognised in profit or loss during the year was RMB18 million (2024: RMB107
                 million).


24.    FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE

                                                                                              Note                  2025                2024

        Non-current portion:
              Equity securities measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)                              (i)                  2,152              2,210
              Financial assets measured at FVPL                                                (ii)                 1,503              1,150
              Debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                                    (iii)                1,477              1,307

                                                                                                                    5,132              4,667

        Current portion:
              Financial assets measured at FVPL                                                (ii)                 2,805              2,526
              Debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                                    (iii)              18,593               6,624

                                                                                                                  21,398               9,150

                                                                                                                  26,530              13,817




184
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE (Continued)
      (i)       Equity securities measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)


                                                                                              Note                  2025                 2024

                 Listed in the PRC                                                                                    184                  197
                 Listed outside the PRC                                                        40                  1,847                 1,902
                 Unlisted                                                                                             121                  111

                                                                                                                   2,152                 2,210



      (ii)      Financial assets measured at FVPL represent certain equity investments, investments in monetary funds and wealth management
                products.


      (iii)     Debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling) represent certain debt investments issued by banks and the investments are held
                within a business model whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale.


25.   SHORT-TERM BANK DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED DEPOSITS

                                                                                                                    2025                 2024

       Short-term bank deposits                                                                                   17,421                22,265
       Restricted deposits                                                                                         4,285                 3,961

                                                                                                                  21,706                26,226



26.   OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                              Note                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                 (Re-presented)

       Intangible assets                                                                       (i)                19,982                19,958
       Prepaid services charges for transmission lines and electricity cables and
             other services                                                                                        1,226                 1,332
       VAT recoverable                                                                         (ii)                   506                  399
       Capital bonds                                                                                                  431                  442
       Amounts due from related parties                                                                                 1                    3
       Others                                                                                                      2,393                 1,916

                                                                                                                  24,539                24,050




                                                                                                                                             185
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




26.    OTHER ASSETS (Continued)
       (i)    Intangible assets


                                                                                       Computer
                                                                                         software             Others                 Total

                Cost:
                  At 1 January 2024                                                        35,894             11,438               47,332
                  Additions                                                                   254                173                  427
                  Transfer from CIP                                                           417              6,947                7,364
                  Disposals                                                                (4,648)              (288)               (4,936)

                  At 31 December 2024                                                      31,917             18,270               50,187

                  Additions                                                                    53              4,109                4,162
                  Transfer from CIP                                                         1,908                196                2,104
                  Disposals                                                                (1,997)              (325)               (2,322)

                  At 31 December 2025                                                      31,881             22,250               54,131

                Accumulated amortisation and impairment:
                  At 1 January 2024                                                       (24,043)            (5,024)              (29,067)
                  Amortisation charge for the year                                         (3,442)            (2,286)               (5,728)
                  Disposals                                                                 4,332                234                4,566

                  At 31 December 2024                                                     (23,153)            (7,076)              (30,229)

                  Amortisation charge for the year                                         (2,843)            (3,366)               (6,209)
                  Disposals                                                                 1,982                307                2,289

                  At 31 December 2025                                                     (24,014)           (10,135)              (34,149)

                Net book value:
                  At 31 December 2025                                                       7,867             12,115               19,982

                  At 31 December 2024                                                       8,764             11,194               19,958


       (ii)   VAT recoverable includes input VAT and prepaid VAT which is expected to be deducted beyond one year. VAT recoverable which
              is expected to be deducted within one year are included in “prepayments and other current assets”. See Note 29(i).




186
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




27.   INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                   2025                2024

       Handsets and other telecommunication products                                                               1,552               1,459
       Others                                                                                                        879               1,004

                                                                                                                   2,431               2,463



28.   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

                                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                                                              (Re-presented)

       Accounts receivable from third parties                                                                    87,241              77,547
       Amounts due from ultimate holding company                                                                      91                 45
       Amounts due from related parties                                                                            1,363               1,133
       Amounts due from Tower Company                                                                                314                255
       Amounts due from domestic carriers                                                                          4,970               3,999
       Less: Credit loss allowance                                                                              (27,985)            (24,105)

                                                                                                                 65,994              58,874



      The gross carrying amount of accounts receivable from contracts with customers amounted to RMB93,790 million as at 31 December
      2025 (2024 re-presented: RMB82,848 million).


      The aging analysis of accounts receivable, based on the billing date and net of credit loss allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                                                              (Re-presented)

       Within one month                                                                                          18,253              17,641
       More than one month but not more than three months                                                        10,991              10,561
       More than three months but not more than one year                                                         23,750              22,357
       More than one year                                                                                        13,000                8,315

                                                                                                                 65,994              58,874



      The normal credit period granted by the Group to individual subscribers and general corporate customers is thirty days from the date
      of billing unless they meet certain specified credit assessment criteria. For major corporate customers, the credit period granted by the
      Group is based on the service contract terms, normally not exceeding one year.


      There is no significant concentration of credit risk with respect to customers receivables, as the Group has a large number of
      customers.



                                                                                                                                          187
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




28.    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE (Continued)
       The Group measures loss allowances for accounts receivable at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. Except for those with significant
       balances and credit-impaired which are assessed individually, the Group uses practical expedient in estimating ECL on accounts
       receivable using a provision matrix for those assessed on collective basis. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience indicate that
       there are different loss patterns for different customer types, the loss allowance based on past due status is distinguished between the
       Group’s different customer types.


       The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for accounts receivable as at
       31 December 2025:


       For individual subscribers and general corporate customers


                                                                                           Expected       Gross carrying                 Loss
                                                                                            loss rate             amount           allowance

        Current (not past due)                                                                    9%                2,471                (222)
        1–90 days past due                                                                       46%                1,167                (538)
        91–180 days past due                                                                     89%                  734                (653)
        More than 180 days past due                                                            100%                 3,089              (3,089)

                                                                                                                    7,461              (4,502)



       For major corporate customers


                                                                                           Expected       Gross carrying                 Loss
                                                                                            loss rate             amount           allowance

        Current (not past due)                                                                    3%              13,943                 (350)
        Within 1 year past due                                                                   13%              36,013               (4,610)
        1–2 years past due                                                                       44%              15,983               (7,098)
        2–3 years past due                                                                       66%                7,319              (4,860)
        More than 3 years past due                                                               94%                6,522              (6,102)

                                                                                                                  79,780              (23,020)




188
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




28.   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE (Continued)
      The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for accounts receivable as at
      31 December 2024:


      For individual subscribers and general corporate customers


                                                                                          Expected      Gross carrying                   Loss
                                                                                          loss rate            amount            allowance

       Current (not past due)                                                                  9%                2,556                   (230)
       1–90 days past due                                                                     46%                1,248                   (574)
       91–180 days past due                                                                   89%                  726                   (646)
       More than 180 days past due                                                          100%                 2,813              (2,813)

                                                                                                                 7,343              (4,263)


      For major corporate customers


                                                                                          Expected      Gross carrying                   Loss
                                                                                          loss rate            amount            allowance

       Current (not past due)                                                                  2%              14,146                    (309)
       Within 1 year past due                                                                 14%              33,770               (4,755)
       1–2 years past due                                                                     49%              13,244               (6,490)
       2–3 years past due                                                                     80%                4,864              (3,871)
       More than 3 years past due                                                             99%                4,180              (4,129)

                                                                                                               70,204             (19,554)


      Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over past years. These rates are adjusted to reflect differences between
      economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of
      economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.




                                                                                                                                           189
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




28.    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE (Continued)
       The movement in the credit loss allowance in respect of accounts receivable during the year, is as follows:


                                                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                                                                             (Re-presented)

        Balance, beginning of year                                                                               24,105             18,720
        Allowance for the year                                                                                       5,367           6,869
        Written-off during the year                                                                              (1,487)            (1,484)

        Balance, end of year                                                                                     27,985             24,105



       The creation and release of credit loss allowance for receivables have been recognised in the consolidated statement of income.
       Amounts charged to the allowance account are generally written-off when there is reliable evidence to indicate no expectation of
       recovering the receivables.


       The maximum exposure to credit risk as of the date of the statement of financial position is the carrying value of accounts receivable
       mentioned above.


29.    PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
       The nature of prepayments and other current assets, net of credit loss allowance, are as follows:


                                                                                            Note                     2025             2024
                                                                                                                             (Re-presented)

        Prepaid services charges for transmission lines and electricity cables and
           other services                                                                                            3,998           4,167
        Prepaid power and water charges                                                                               625                608
        Deposits and prepayments                                                                                     3,602           3,669
        VAT recoverable                                                                      (i)                     9,164          10,374
        Prepaid income tax expenses                                                                                   917                 59
        Financial assets held under resale agreements                                        (ii)                    4,003           5,000
        Amounts due from ultimate holding company                                                                    4,926           5,068
        Amounts due from related parties                                                                              132                132
        Amounts due from Tower Company                                                                                 72                 81
        Amounts due from domestic carriers                                                                            468                453
        Others                                                                                                       3,764           3,713

                                                                                                                 31,671             33,324




190
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




29.   PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS (Continued)
      (i)    VAT recoverable includes input VAT and prepaid VAT that is expected to be deducted within one year.


      (ii)   Financial assets held under resale agreements are transactions where Finance Company acquires financial assets which will be
             resold at a predetermined price at a future date under resale agreements.


      Prepayments and other current assets are expected to be recovered or recognised as expenses within one year.


      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, there was no significant impairment for the prepayments and other current assets.


30.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
      (a)    Cash and cash equivalents


                                                                                                                2025                2024

              Cash at bank and in hand                                                                        25,109              28,480



             Cash and cash equivalents refer to all cash on hand and demand deposits, short-term highly liquid investments that are readily
             convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


             Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits and short term deposits with original maturity of three months for the
             purpose of meeting the Group’s short term cash commitments, which carry interest at market rates ranging from 0.01% to
             1.00% (2024: 0.01% to 1.50%).




                                                                                                                                        191
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




30.    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
       (b)    Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
              The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes.
              Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in
              the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                       Short-term      Long-term            Lease           Other
                                                                       bank loans           loans       liabilities   borrowings            Total
                                                                        (Note 38)      (Note 34)       (Note 35)

                At 31 December 2024 (As previously reported)                  711           1,413         37,641          10,881          50,646
                Re-presentation                                                —            1,442               —          (1,442)             —
                At 1 January 2025 (As re-presented)                           711           2,855         37,641            9,439         50,646


                Changes from financing cash flows:
                Proceeds from loans                                           960           2,500               —              —            3,460
                Repayment of short-term bank loans                           (711)             —                —              —             (711)
                Repayment of other obligations                                 —               —                —            (185)           (185)
                Repayment of long-term loans                                   —             (897)              —              —             (897)
                Capital element of lease rentals paid                          —               —         (13,384)              —          (13,384)
                Net deposits with Finance Company                              —               —                —           1,999           1,999

                Total changes from financing cash flows                       249           1,603         (13,384)          1,814          (9,718)

                Exchange adjustments                                           —               (3)              —              —               (3)


                Other changes:
                Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new
                  leases/lease modifications during the year                   —               —            6,860              —            6,860
                Decrease due to termination of lease contracts                 —               —           (2,509)             —           (2,509)
                Others                                                          6              62               (4)           (62)              2

                Total other changes                                             6              62           4,347             (62)          4,353

                At 31 December 2025                                           966           4,517         28,604          11,191          45,278




192
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




30.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
      (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)


                                                                    Short-term   Long-term        Lease          Other
                                                                    bank loans       loans    liabilities   borrowings       Total
                                                                    (Note 38)    (Note 34)    (Note 35)

             At 1 January 2024                                            681       1,606       43,257          9,233      54,777


             Changes from financing cash flows:
             Proceeds from bank loans                                     710         237             —            —          947
             Loans from related parties                                    —           —              —           546         546
             Repayment of short-term bank loans                          (680)         —              —            —         (680)
             Repayment of other obligations                                —           —              —           (14)        (14)
             Repayment of long-term loans                                  —         (440)            —            —         (440)
             Capital element of lease rentals paid                         —           —       (12,887)            —      (12,887)
             Net deposits with Finance Company                             —           —              —           999         999

             Total changes from financing cash flows                       30        (203)     (12,887)         1,531     (11,529)

             Exchange adjustments                                          —              7           —            —            7


             Other changes:
             Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new
               leases/lease modifications during the year                  —           —         9,121             —        9,121
             Decrease due to termination of lease contracts                —           —        (1,850)            —       (1,850)
             Others                                                        —              3           —           117         120
             Total other changes                                           —              3      7,271            117       7,391

             At 31 December 2024                                          711       1,413       37,641         10,881      50,646




                                                                                                                                193
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




31.    SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                                   shares                Share
        Issued and fully paid:                                                                                   millions               capital

        At 1 January 2024, at 31 December 2024 and at 31 December 2025                                            30,598             254,056


32.    RESERVES
       (a)    Movement in components of equity
              The Company


                                                                               Investment
                                                                    Share      revaluation            Other        Retained              Total
                                                                   capital         reserve          reserve           profits           equity

                Balance at 1 January 2024                        254,056            (9,375)             572           16,658         261,911
                Total comprehensive income for the year                 —              119                —           18,694            18,813
                Dividends relating to 2023 final                        —                —                —           (4,088)           (4,088)
                Dividends relating to 2024 interim                      —                —                —           (7,591)           (7,591)

                Balance at 31 December 2024                      254,056            (9,256)             572           23,673         269,045

                Total comprehensive (expense)income
                    for the year                                        —              (55)               —           10,924            10,869
                Dividends relating to 2024 final                        —                —                —           (4,779)           (4,779)
                Dividends relating to 2025 interim                      —                —                —           (8,693)           (8,693)

                Balance at 31 December 2025                      254,056            (9,311)             572           21,125         266,442



       (b)    Nature and purpose
              (i)      Statutory reserves
                       CUCL is registered as a foreign investment enterprise in the PRC. In accordance with the Articles of Association, it is
                       required to provide for statutory reserves, which are appropriated from profit after tax but before dividend distribution.


                       CUCL is required to allocate at least 10% of its profit after tax determined under the PRC Company Law to the
                       statutory reserve fund until the cumulative amounts reach 50% of the registered capital. The statutory reserve can only
                       be used, upon approval obtained from the relevant authority, to offset accumulated losses or increase capital.


                       Accordingly, CUCL appropriated approximately RMB2,188 million (2024: approximately RMB1,897 million) to the
                       statutory reserve fund for the year ended 31 December 2025.




194
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




32.   RESERVES (Continued)
      (b)   Nature and purpose (Continued)
            (i)     Statutory reserves (Continued)
                    Appropriation to the staff bonus and welfare fund is made at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The staff bonus
                    and welfare fund can only be used for special bonuses or the collective welfare of the employees and cannot be
                    distributed as cash dividends. Under HKFRS Accounting Standards, the appropriations to the staff bonus and welfare
                    fund are charged to the consolidated statement of income as expenses incurred since any assets acquired through this
                    fund belong to the employees. For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no appropriation to staff bonus and
                    welfare fund has been made by CUCL.


                    According to the PRC tax approval document issued by the MOF and the SAT of the PRC, the upfront connection fees
                    were not subject to the PRC enterprise income tax and an amount equal to the upfront connection fees recognised in the
                    retained profits shall be transferred from retained profits to the statutory reserve. As at 31 December 2011, an
                    accumulated appropriation of approximately RMB12,289 million was made to the statutory reserve and no more
                    upfront connection fees are recognised afterwards.


            (ii)    General risk reserve
                    CUCL and Unicom Group established the Finance Company to provide certain financial services. Pursuant to
                    “Requirements on Impairment Allowance for Financial Institutions” (Caijin [2012] No. 20) issued by the MOF which
                    is effective on 1 July 2012 (the “Document”), the Finance Company establishes a general risk reserve within the
                    shareholders’ equity, through appropriation of retained profits, to address unidentified potential losses relating to risk
                    assets. The general risk reserve balance should not be less than 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets, as defined in
                    the Document.


            (iii)   Investment revaluation reserve
                    The investment revaluation reserve represents the changes in fair value of financial assets measured at FVOCI
                    (non-recycling), net of tax, until the financial assets are derecognised.


            (iv)    Other reserves
                    Other reserve mainly represents the difference between the consideration and the net assets value for business
                    combination of entities and businesses under common control, the effect of CUCL’s capitalisation of retained profits,
                    and capital contribution relating to share-based payment borne by A Share Company.




                                                                                                                                           195
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




33.    DIVIDENDS
       At the annual general meeting held on 30 May 2024, the shareholders of the Company approved the payment of a final dividend of
       RMB0.1336 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2023, totalling approximately RMB4,088 million which has been
       reflected as a reduction of retained profits for the year ended 31 December 2024.


       At a meeting held on 15 August 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company declared the payment of 2024 interim dividend of
       RMB0.2481 per ordinary share to the shareholders totalling approximately RMB7,591 million.


       At the annual general meeting held on 29 May 2025, the shareholders of the Company approved the payment of a final dividend of
       RMB0.1562 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2024, totalling approximately RMB4,779 million which has been
       reflected as a reduction of retained profits for the year ended 31 December 2025.


       At a meeting held on 12 August 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company declared the payment of 2025 interim dividend of
       RMB0.2841 per ordinary share to the shareholders totalling approximately RMB8,693 million. At a meeting held on 19 March
       2026, the Board of Directors of the Company proposed the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.1329 per ordinary share to the
       shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2025, totalling approximately RMB4,066 million. The proposed dividend has not been
       reflected as a dividend payable in the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2025, but will be reflected in the
       consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2026.


                                                                                                                   2025                  2024

        Declared and paid interim dividend:
        RMB0.2841 (2024: RMB0.2481) per ordinary share by the Company                                             8,693                  7,591
        Proposed/paid final dividend:
        RMB0.1329 (2024: RMB0.1562) per ordinary share by the Company                                             4,066                  4,779

                                                                                                                 12,759                 12,370



       Pursuant to the PRC enterprise income tax law, a 10% withholding income tax is levied on dividends declared on or after 1 January
       2008 by foreign investment enterprises to their foreign enterprise shareholders unless the enterprise investor is deemed as a PRC Tax
       Resident Enterprise (“TRE”). On 11 November 2010, the Company obtained an approval from the State Taxation Administration of
       the PRC, pursuant to which the Company qualifies as a PRC TRE from 1 January 2008. Therefore, as at 31 December 2025, the
       Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC did not accrue for withholding tax on dividends distributed to the Company and there has been no
       deferred tax liability accrued in the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the undistributed profits of the Company’s
       subsidiaries in the PRC.


       For the Company’s non-PRC TRE shareholders (including HKSCC Nominees Limited), the Company would distribute dividends after
       deducting the amount of enterprise income tax payable by these non-PRC TRE shareholders thereon and reclassify the related
       dividend payable to withholding tax payable upon the declaration of such dividends. The requirement to withholding tax does not apply
       to the Company’s shareholders appearing as individuals in its share register.




196
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




34.   LONG-TERM LOANS

                                        Interest rates and final maturity                               2025               2024
                                                                                                                   (Re-presented)

       Long-term bank loans


       RMB denominated                  Interest rates ranging from 1.08% to 2.60%
         bank loans                       (2024: 1.08% to 2.56%) per annum with maturity
                                          through 2036 (2024: maturity through 2036)                    2,656              1,274

       US dollars denominated           Fixed interest rate is Nil (2024: Nil)
         bank loans                       per annum with maturity through 2040
                                          (2024: maturity through 2039)                                  119                 139

       Amounts due to ultimate holding company


       RMB denominated loans            Interest rates are determined by subtracting a floating point
                                          from the one-year Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”) published
                                          by the National Interbank Funding Center (“NIFC”) with
                                          maturity through 2027 (31 December 2024: maturity
                                          through 2027)                                                 1,742              1,442

       Sub-total                                                                                        4,517              2,855

       Less: Current portion due within one year (long-term loans)                                      (589)               (727)

                                                                                                        3,928              2,128



      As at 31 December 2025, long-term loans of approximately RMB26 million (2024: approximately RMB29 million) were guaranteed
      by third parties.


      The repayment schedule of the long-term loans is as follows:


                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                                   (Re-presented)

       Balances due:
         — No later than one year                                                                        589                 727
         — More than one year and no later than two years                                                772                 584
         — More than two years and no later than five years                                             2,170              1,263
         — More than five years                                                                          986                 281

                                                                                                        4,517              2,855
       Less: Portion classified as current liabilities                                                  (589)               (727)

                                                                                                        3,928              2,128



                                                                                                                               197
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




35.    LEASE LIABILITIES
       At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:


                                                                                      2025                               2024

                                                                      Present value             Total    Present value             Total
                                                                             of the          minimum            of the          minimum
                                                                     minimum lease              lease   minimum lease              lease
                                                                         payments            payments       payments            payments

        Within 1 year                                                       12,469             12,668          13,419            13,747

        After 1 year but within 2 years                                     10,421             10,994          10,851            11,494
        After 2 years but within 5 years                                     4,824              5,364          12,118            13,431
        After 5 years                                                          890              1,517           1,253             1,784

                                                                            16,135             17,875          24,222            26,709

        Total lease liabilities                                             28,604             30,543          37,641            40,456

        Less: total future interest expenses                                                  (1,939)                             (2,815)

        Present value of lease liabilities                                                    28,604                             37,641



       The total cash outflow for leases incurred by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 was RMB25,834 million (2024:
       RMB23,635 million).


36.    DEFERRED REVENUE
       Deferred revenue mainly represents the unamortised portion of government grants.


                                                                                                              2025                2024

        Balance at beginning of the year                                                                     8,229                9,212

        Additions for the year
           — government grants                                                                               1,772                1,448
           — others                                                                                          1,059                1,170

        Sub-total                                                                                            2,831                2,618

        Reductions for the year
           — recognition of government grants in profit or loss                                             (1,362)              (1,617)
           — others                                                                                         (1,673)              (1,984)

        Sub-total                                                                                           (3,035)              (3,601)

        Balance at end of the year                                                                           8,025                8,229




198
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




37.   OTHER OBLIGATIONS

                                                                                           Note                  2025                2024

       One-off cash housing subsidies                                                       (a)                  2,493               2,493
       Others                                                                               (b)                    944               1,112

       Sub-total                                                                                                 3,437               3,605

       Less: Current portion                                                                                    (2,509)             (2,495)

                                                                                                                   928               1,110



      (a)   One-off cash housing subsidies
            Certain staff quarters, prior to 1998, were sold to certain of the Group’s employees at preferential prices, subject to a number
            of eligibility requirements. In 1998, the State Council issued a circular which stipulated that the sale of quarters to employees
            at preferential prices should be terminated. In 2000, the State Council issued a further circular stating that cash subsidies
            should be made to certain eligible employees following the withdrawal of the allocation of staff quarters. However, the specific
            timetable and procedures for the implementation of these policies were to be determined by individual provincial or municipal
            governments based on the particular situation of the provinces or municipality.


            Based on the relevant detailed local government regulations promulgated, certain entities within the Group adopted cash
            housing subsidy plans. In accordance with these plans, for those eligible employees who had not been allocated with quarters or
            who had not been allocated with quarters up to the prescribed standards before the discounted sales of quarters were
            terminated, the Group determined to pay them one-off cash housing subsidies based on their years of service, positions and
            other criteria. Based on the available information, the Group estimated the required provision for these cash housing subsidies
            amounted to RMB4,142 million, which was charged to the consolidated statement of income for the year ended 31 December
            2000 (the year in which the State Council circular in respect of cash subsidies was issued).


            In January 2009, through the absorption of China Netcom (Group) Company Limited (“CNC China”) by CUCL and the
            absorption of China Network Communications Group Corporation (“Netcom Group”) by Unicom Group, the rights and
            obligations formerly undertaken by CNC China and Netcom Group were taken over by CUCL and Unicom Group separately. As
            at 31 December 2025, the Group’s unpaid one-off cash housing subsidies amounted to approximately RMB2,493 million
            (31 December 2024: RMB2,493 million). If the actual payments required for these one-off housing subsidies differ from the
            amount provided, Unicom Group will bear any additional payments required. If the actual payments are lower than the amount
            provided, the difference will be paid to Unicom Group.


      (b)   Others mainly include the balance of contributions from other investors of a subsidiary established by the Group (limited life
            entities) which were classified as financial liabilities by the Group.




                                                                                                                                            199
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




38.    SHORT-TERM BANK LOANS

                                         Interest rates and final maturity                                         2025            2024

        RMB denominated                  Interest rates ranging from 1%–3.6%
           bank loans                      (2024: 1.10%–3.95%) per annum with
                                           maturity through 2026 (2024: maturity through 2025)                      966              711



       As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, all short-term bank loans were unsecured.


39.    ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                   2025            2024
                                                                                                                           (Re-presented)

        Payables to contractors and equipment suppliers                                                           88,250          92,319
        Payables to telecommunications products suppliers                                                          1,844           2,983
        Customer/contractor deposits                                                                               5,056           5,204
        Repair and maintenance expense payables                                                                   14,234          12,647
        Salary and welfare payables                                                                                3,624           6,137
        Amounts due to technical support services and other service providers/content providers                    8,235           8,393
        VAT received from customer in advance                                                                      2,761           2,323
        Accrued expenses                                                                                          21,541          20,394
        Amounts due to ultimate holding company                                                                    2,904           1,540
        Amounts due to related parties                                                                            14,383          13,447
        Amounts due to Tower Company                                                                               6,216           5,649
        Amounts due to domestic carriers                                                                           4,157           4,159
        Others                                                                                                    13,883          12,967

                                                                                                                 187,088        188,162



       The aging analysis of accounts payable and accrued liabilities based on the billing date is as follows:


                                                                                                                   2025            2024
                                                                                                                           (Re-presented)

        Less than six months                                                                                     150,945        146,919
        Six months to one year                                                                                    13,606          16,940
        More than one year                                                                                        22,537          24,303

                                                                                                                 187,088        188,162




200
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




40.   MUTUAL INVESTMENT OF THE COMPANY AND TELEFÓNICA IN EACH OTHER
      On 6 September 2009, the Company announced that in order to strengthen the cooperation between the Company and Telefónica, the
      parties entered into a strategic alliance agreement and a subscription agreement, pursuant to which each party conditionally agreed to
      invest an equivalent of US dollars 1 billion in each other through an acquisition of each other’s shares.


      On 23 January 2011, the Company entered into an agreement to enhance the strategic alliance with Telefónica that: (a) Telefónica
      would purchase ordinary shares of the Company for a consideration of US dollars 500 million through acquisition from third parties;
      and (b) the Company would acquire from Telefónica 21,827,499 ordinary shares of Telefónica held in treasury (“Telefónica Treasury
      Shares”) for an aggregate purchase price of Euro374,559,882.84. On 25 January 2011, the Company completed the purchase of
      Telefónica Treasury Shares in accordance with the strategic agreement. During 2011, Telefónica completed its investment of US
      dollars 500 million in the Company.


      On 14 May 2012, Telefónica declared a dividend. The Company chose to implement it by means of a scrip dividend and received
      1,646,269 ordinary shares of approximately RMB146 million.


      As at 31 December 2025, the related financial assets measured at FVOCI amounted to approximately RMB1,847 million
      (31 December 2024: approximately RMB1,902 million). For the year ended 31 December 2025, the decrease in fair value of the
      financial assets measured at FVOCI was approximately RMB55 million (2024: increase of approximately RMB119 million), has been
      recorded in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


41.   EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
      On 16 April 2014, the Company adopted a new share option scheme (the “2014 Share Option Scheme”). The 2014 Share Option
      Scheme is valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on 22 April 2014 and expired on 22 April 2024. No share options
      had been granted since adoption of the 2014 Share Option Scheme.


42.   RESTRICTED A-SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME
      The Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme
      Pursuant to the share incentive scheme (Phase II) of A Share Company (the “Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme”),
      approximately 838 million restricted shares of A Share Company (the “Phase II Restricted Shares”) were approved for granting to
      the core employees of the Group, the granted Phase II Restricted Shares of 838,340,000 were subscribed by the participants,
      including certain core employees of the Company’s subsidiaries on 1 November 2022 (the “Grant Date”), with a subscription price of
      RMB2.48 per share. The fair value of the Phase II Restricted Shares granted under the Grant Date is RMB0.93 per share, as
      determined based on the difference between the market price of A Share Company of RMB3.41 per share at the Grant Date, and the
      subscription price of RMB2.48 per share.


      The Phase II Restricted Shares are subject to various lock-up periods (the “Lock-Up Period II”) of approximately 2 years, 3 years
      and 4 years, respectively, immediately from the Grant Date. During the Lock-Up Period II, these shares are not transferrable, nor
      subject to any guarantee or indemnity. The Phase II Restricted Shares shall be unlocked (or repurchased and cancelled by A Share
      Company) separately in three tranches in proportion of 40%, 30% and 30% of the total number of the Phase II Restricted Shares
      granted upon the expiry of each of the Lock-Up Period II.




                                                                                                                                       201
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




42.    RESTRICTED A-SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME (Continued)
       The Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)
       Subject to fulfilment of all service and performance conditions under the Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme which include
       the achievement of certain revenue and profit targets of A Share Company, the participants’ individual performance appraisal, etc.
       (collectively referred to as “vesting conditions”) , the restriction over the Phase II Restricted Shares will be removed after the expiry
       of the corresponding Lock-Up Period II for each tranche and the participants will be fully entitled to these incentive shares. If the
       vesting conditions are not fulfilled and hence the Phase II Restricted Shares cannot be unlocked, A Share Company shall repurchase
       the Phase II Restricted Shares based on the lower of the subscription price from the participants and the market price at the time of
       repurchase.


       For the year ended 31 December 2025, with the fulfillment of the vesting conditions, the Phase II Restricted Shares of 0 (2024:
       314,488,200) were approved for unlocking after the expiry of the Lock-Up Period II by the Board of Directors of A Share Company.


       For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised share-based payment expenses and other reserves of RMB118 million
       under the Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Schemes (2024: RMB247 million).


       For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Phase II Restricted Shares of 22,841,600 (2024: Shares of 3,411,000) were forfeited.


43.    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
       Unicom Group is a state-owned enterprise directly controlled by the PRC government. The PRC government is the Company’s ultimate
       controlling party. Neither Unicom Group nor the PRC government publishes financial statements available for public use.


       The PRC government controls a significant portion of the productive assets and entities in the PRC. The Group provides
       telecommunications services as part of its retail transactions, thus, is likely to have extensive transactions with the employees of other
       state-owned enterprises, including their key management personnel and their close family members. These transactions are carried out
       on commercial terms that are consistently applied to all customers.


       Management considers certain state-owned enterprises have material transactions with the Group in its ordinary course of business,
       which include but not limited to 1) rendering and receiving telecommunications services, including interconnection revenue/charges;
       2) sharing certain telecommunications network infrastructure; 3) purchasing of goods, including use of public utilities; and 4) placing
       of bank deposits and borrowing money. The Group’s telecommunications network depends, in large part, on interconnection with the
       network and on transmission lines service provided by other domestic carriers. These transactions are mainly carried out on terms
       comparable to those conducted with third parties or standards promulgated by relevant government authorities and have been
       reflected in the financial statements. Amounts due from domestic carriers are all derived from contracts with customers.


       Management believes that meaningful information relating to related party transactions has been disclosed below.




202
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




43.   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      43.1   Connected transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries other than the Group (“Unicom Group and its
             subsidiaries”)
             (a)   Recurring transactions
                   The following is a summary of significant recurring transactions carried out by the Group with Unicom Group and its
                   subsidiaries. In the directors’ opinion, these transactions were carried out in the ordinary course of business.


                   The following transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries constitute continuing connected transactions under
                   the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the relevant disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the
                   Listing Rules. Further details of these continuing connected transactions are disclosed under the paragraph “Continuing
                   Connected Transactions” in the Report of Directors.


                                                                                           Note                   2025                2024

                     Transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries:
                     Charges for value-added telecommunications services                  (i), (ii)                  93                128
                     Rental charges for short-term property leasing and
                       related services                                                   (i), (iii)             1,151                1,131
                     Charges for use of telecommunications resources and
                       related services                                                   (i), (iv)                232                 215
                     Charges for engineering design and construction and
                       IT services                                                        (i), (v)                 384                 230
                     Charges for shared services                                          (i), (vi)                  77                 77
                     Charges for materials procurement services                          (i), (vii)                   7                  4
                     Charges for ancillary telecommunications services                   (i), (viii)                 94                141
                     Charges for comprehensive support services                           (i), (ix)                512                 501
                     Income from comprehensive support services                           (i), (ix)                325                 240
                     Income from short-term property leasing services                     (i), (iii)                 41                  —
                     Lending by Finance Company to Unicom Group and
                       its subsidiaries                                                   (i), (xi)              4,900                8,400
                     Repayment of loans lending by Finance Company to
                       Unicom Group and its subsidiaries                                  (i), (xi)              5,000                8,000
                     Fee and interest income from lending services                        (i), (xi)                  98                129
                     Income from other financial services                                 (i), (xi)                   2                  2
                     Net deposits with Finance Company                                    (i), (xi)              2,033                 996
                     Interest expenses on the deposits in Finance Company                 (i), (xi)                140                 124
                     Interest expenses on unsecured entrusted loans                         (xii)                    28                 21
                     Lending from Unicom Group and its subsidiaries                         (xii)                  829                 546




                                                                                                                                         203
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




43.    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       43.1   Connected transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries other than the Group (“Unicom Group and its
              subsidiaries”) (Continued)
              (a)     Recurring transactions (Continued)
                      (i)     On 28 October 2022, CUCL and Unicom Group entered into the “2023–2025 Comprehensive Services
                              Agreement”, and Finance Company and Unicom Group entered into the “2023–2025 Financial Services
                              Agreement”. Pursuant to the “2023–2025 Comprehensive Services Agreement”, CUCL and Unicom Group
                              agreed to provide services to each other or by one to the other, including (i) use of telecommunications
                              resources; (ii) property leasing; (iii) value-added telecommunications services; (iv) materials procurement
                              services; (v) engineering design and construction and IT services; (vi) ancillary telecommunications services;
                              (vii) comprehensive support services and (viii) shared services. Pursuant to the “2023–2025 Financial Services
                              Agreement”, Finance Company agreed to provide financial services to Unicom Group. On 18 September 2025,
                              CUCL and Unicom Group entered into the “2026–2028 Comprehensive Services Agreement”, and Finance
                              Company and Unicom Group entered into the “2026–2028 Financial Services Agreement”.


                      (ii)    UNISK (Beijing) Information Technology Corporation Limited (“UNISK”) agreed to provide the mobile
                              subscribers of CUCL with various types of value-added services through its cellular communications network and
                              data platform. The Group retains a portion of the revenue generated from the value-added services provided to
                              the Group’s subscribers (and actually received by the Group) and allocates a portion of such fees to UNISK for
                              settlement, on the condition that such proportion allocated to UNISK does not exceed the average proportion
                              allocated to independent value-added telecommunications content providers who provide value-added
                              telecommunications content to the Group in the same region. The percentage of revenue to be allocated to
                              UNISK by the Group varies depending on the types of value-added service provided to the Group.


                      (iii)   CUCL and Unicom Group agreed to mutually lease properties and ancillary facilities from each other. Rentals are
                              based on the lower of the market rates and the depreciation costs and taxes. In addition to the above amount,
                              the Group recognised a total addition of right-of-use asset of RMB260 million resulting from the properties
                              leased (lease term exceeds 12 months) in 2025 (RMB108 million resulting from the properties leased (lease
                              term exceeds 12 months) in 2024).




204
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




43.   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      43.1   Connected transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries other than the Group (“Unicom Group and its
             subsidiaries”) (Continued)
             (a)   Recurring transactions (Continued)
                   (iv)    CUCL was agreed to use certain international telecommunications resources (including international
                           telecommunications channel gateways, international telecommunications service gateways, international
                           submarine cable capacity, international land cables and international satellite facilities) and certain other
                           telecommunications facilities of Unicom Group for its operations. The charges for the use of international
                           telecommunications resources and other telecommunications facilities are based on the annual depreciation and
                           amortisation charges of such resources and facilities provided that such charges would not be higher than
                           market rates. For maintenance service to the telecommunications facilities aforementioned, unless otherwise
                           agreed by CUCL and Unicom Group, such maintenance service charges would be borne by CUCL and determined
                           with reference to market rates or a cost-plus basis if there are no market rates.


                   (v)     Unicom Group agreed to provide engineering design, construction and supervision services and IT services to
                           CUCL. The charges payable by CUCL for the above services are determined with reference to the market price
                           and are settled when the relevant services are provided.


                   (vi)    Unicom Group and CUCL agreed to provide shared services to each other and would share the costs related to the
                           shared services proportionately in accordance with their respective total assets value with certain adjustments.
                           For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the services charges paid by Unicom Group to CUCL was
                           negligible.


                   (vii)   Unicom Group agreed to provide comprehensive procurement services for imported and domestic
                           telecommunications materials and other domestic non-telecommunications materials to CUCL. Unicom Group
                           has also agreed to provide services on management of tenders, verification of technical specifications,
                           installation, consulting and agency services. In addition, Unicom Group will sell materials to CUCL and resell
                           the equipment purchased from the third parties, and will also provide storage and logistics services in relation to
                           the above materials procurement. The charges payable by CUCL to Unicom Group are based on contract values,
                           market rates, government guidance price or cost-plus basis where applicable.


                   (viii) Unicom Group agreed to provide ancillary telecommunications services to CUCL. These services include certain
                           telecommunications pre-sale, on-sale and after-sale services such as assembling and repairing of certain
                           telecommunications equipment, sales agency services, printing and invoice delivery services, maintenance of
                           telephone booths, customers acquisitions and servicing and other customers’ service. The charges are based on
                           market rates, government guidance price or cost-plus basis and are settled as and when the relevant services are
                           provided.




                                                                                                                                           205
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




43.    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       43.1   Connected transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries other than the Group (“Unicom Group and its
              subsidiaries”) (Continued)
              (a)     Recurring transactions (Continued)
                      (ix)   Unicom Group and CUCL agreed to provide comprehensive support services to each other, including dining
                             services, facilities leasing services, vehicle services, health and medical services, labour services, security
                             services, hotel and conference services, gardening services, decoration and renovation services, construction
                             agency, equipment maintenance services, market development, sanitary services, parking services, staff
                             trainings, storage services, advertising services, marketing, property management services.


                             CUCL agreed to provide comprehensive services to Unicom Group, including sales services, technical support
                             services, research and development services, communication services and communications technology services
                             (including construction and installation services, system integration services, software development, product
                             sales and agent services, operation and maintenance services, and consultation services).


                             The charges are based on market rates, government guidance price or cost-plus basis and are settled as and
                             when the relevant services are provided.


                      (x)    Unicom Group is the registered proprietor of the “Unicom” trademark in English and the trademark bearing the
                             “Unicom” logo, which are registered at the PRC State Trademark Bureau. Pursuant to an exclusive PRC
                             trademark licence agreement between Unicom Group and the Group, the Group has been granted the right to use
                             these trademarks on a royalty free and renewal basis.


                      (xi)   Finance Company has agreed to provide financial services to Unicom Group and its subsidiaries, including deposit
                             services, lending and other credit services, and other financial services.


                             For the deposit services from Finance Company to Unicom Group and its subsidiaries, the maximum and
                             minimum deposit interest rates will follow the provisions of the PBOC for deposits of the same period and the
                             same type, and be determined with reference to the interest rate for the same period and same type of deposit
                             offered to Unicom Group by the major cooperative commercial banks of Unicom Group and/or offered by
                             Finance Company to other client, and will be on normal commercial terms.


                             For the lending services from Finance Company to Unicom Group and its subsidiaries, the interest rate will
                             follow the relevant provisions of the PBOC, which will be based on LPR and be determined with reference to the
                             interest rate for the same period and same type of lending and other credit services offered to the same type of
                             corporations by the major cooperative commercial bank of Unicom Group and/or offered by Finance Company to
                             its other clients, and will be on normal commercial terms.




206
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




43.   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      43.1   Connected transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries other than the Group (“Unicom Group and its
             subsidiaries”) (Continued)
             (a)   Recurring transactions (Continued)
                   (xii)   These transactions are related to the unsecured entrusted loans and related interest expenses from Unicom Group
                           and its subsidiaries (see Note 43.1 (c)). These transactions are conducted on normal commercial terms or better
                           and are fully exempted from compliance with the reporting, announcement, independent shareholders’ approval
                           and/or annual review requirements under Rules 14A.90 of the Listing Rules.


             (b)   Amounts due from Unicom Group and its subsidiaries
                   Amounts due from Unicom Group as at 31 December 2025 included loans from Finance Company to Unicom Group of
                   RMB4,900 million in total with respective floating interest rate of LPR published by the NIFC (2024: RMB5,000
                   million in total with respective floating interest rate of LPR published by NIFC). This amount was included in the
                   amounts due from ultimate holding company in Note 29.


             (c)   Amounts due to Unicom Group and its subsidiaries
                   Amounts due to Unicom Group and its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 included a balance of deposits received by
                   Finance Company from Unicom Group and its subsidiaries as well as related interest payable amounting to
                   RMB10,691 million (31 December 2024: RMB8,649 million) with interest rates ranging from 0.12% to 2.75%
                   (2024: 0.42% to 2.75%) per annum for saving and deposits of different terms. This amount was included in the
                   amounts due to ultimate holding company and amounts due to related parties in Note 39.


                   Amounts due to Unicom Group and its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 included unsecured entrusted loans from
                   Unicom Group of RMB1,696 million (31 December 2024: RMB1,206 million) with a maturity period of 3 years and
                   unsecured entrusted loans from Unicom Group of RMB46 million (31 December 2024: RMB221 million) with a
                   maturity period of 2 years. Interest rates of these loans are determined by subtracting a floating point from the
                   one-year LPR published by NIFC and are adjusted quarterly.




                                                                                                                                        207
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




43.    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       43.2   Transactions with associates and joint ventures of Unicom Group and its subsidiaries
              The Group has entered into transactions with associates and joint ventures of Unicom Group and its subsidiaries based on
              terms comparable to terms of transactions entered with other entities. In the directors’ opinion, these transactions were carried
              out in the ordinary course of business.


              The following transactions with associates and joint ventures of Unicom Group and its subsidiaries constitute continuing
              connected transactions under the Listing Rules, unless otherwise stated. The Company has complied with the relevant
              disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Further details of these continuing connected transactions are
              disclosed under the paragraph “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the Report of Directors.


                                                                                                                   2025                2024

                Transactions with associates and joint ventures of Unicom Group and
                  its subsidiaries:
                Charges for use of telecommunications resources and related services                                   1                   2
                Charges for engineering design and construction and IT services                                     561                  714
                Charges for materials procurement services                                                            18                  32
                Charges for ancillary telecommunications services                                                   986                  953
                Charges for comprehensive support services                                                          253                  241
                Income from comprehensive support services                                                            33                  38



              In addition to the above amounts, the Group has also entered into related party transactions with associates and joint ventures
              of Unicom Group which do not meet the definition of connected person and connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the
              Listing Rules in 2025. These transactions include:


                                                                                                                   2025                2024

                Transactions with associates and joint ventures of Unicom Group and
                  its subsidiaries:
                Rental charges for short-term property leasing and related services                                   13                  10
                Charges for use of telecommunications resources and related services                                  21                   3
                Charges for engineering design and construction and IT services                                   2,471               3,356
                Charges for materials procurement services                                                            20                  42
                Charges for ancillary telecommunications services                                                 2,614               2,555
                Charges for comprehensive support services                                                        1,256                  876
                Income from comprehensive support services                                                          660                  821




208
                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025




43.   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      43.3   Material transactions with associates and joint ventures of the Group
             The following is a summary of material transactions entered into by the Group with the associates and joint ventures of the
             Group. In the directors’ opinion, these transactions were carried out in the ordinary course of business.


                                                                                           Notes                  2025                  2024

              Transactions with associates and joint ventures of the Group:
              Revenue from engineering design and construction services                      (i)                    623                  527
              Related costs for use of tower assets                                          (ii)               19,413                 21,206
              Additions of right-of-use assets                                               (ii)                 2,359                 3,582
              Revenue from value-added telecommunications services                                                  787                  869
              Charges for value-added telecommunications services                                                   836                 1,093
              Charges for materials procurement services                                                             24                   22
              Net deposits with Finance Company                                                                     (44)                    1
              Interest expenses on the deposits in Finance Company                                                       1                  1



             (i)    Engineering design and construction services
                    The Group provided engineering design and construction services to Tower Company.


             (ii)   Lease of the tower assets and other related services
                    On 8 July 2016, CUCL and Tower Company entered into a framework agreement to confirm the pricing and related
                    arrangements in relation to the usage of certain telecommunications towers and related assets (the “Agreement”). The
                    Agreement finalised terms including assets categories, pricing basis for usage charges, and relevant service period etc.
                    Provincial service agreements and detailed lease confirmation for specified towers have been signed subsequently.


                    On 31 January 2018, after further arm’s length negotiations and discussions, CUCL and Tower Company agreed on
                    certain supplementary provisions based on the Agreement dated 8 July 2016, which mainly relate to a reduction in
                    cost-plus margin of Tower Company which forms the benchmark for pricing and an increase in co-tenancy discount
                    rates offered to the Group regarding towers under co-sharing arrangements. The new terms applicable to the leased
                    tower portfolio as confirmed by both parties are effective from 1 January 2018 for a period of five years.


                    On 13 December 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved CUCL and Tower Company to sign the
                    commercial pricing agreement and the service agreement, and the material terms of the commercial pricing agreement
                    and the service agreement have been agreed and finalised, in which CUCL leases assets and receives services provided
                    by Tower Company, including tower products, indoor distribution system products, transmission products and service
                    products. The agreements further reduced the products pricing and increased the co-tenancy discount rates offered to
                    the Group. The term of each of the commercial pricing agreement and the service agreement is five years, effective
                    from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2027.




                                                                                                                                           209
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




43.    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       43.3   Material transactions with associates and joint ventures of the Group (Continued)
              (ii)    Lease of the tower assets and other related services (Continued)
                      Based on HKFRS 16, the Group recognised additions of right-of-use assets in 2025 amounting to RMB2,359 million
                      (2024: RMB3,582 million). Related costs for use of tower assets include the depreciation of right-of-use assets of
                      RMB7,819 million (2024: RMB7,923 million), interest expense of RMB803 million (2024: RMB1,104 million), and
                      variable lease payments and other related service charges of RMB10,791 million (2024: RMB12,179 million) in the
                      consolidated statement of income for the year ended 31 December 2025. The outstanding balances with the associates
                      and joint ventures of the Group are summarised as follows:


                                                                                                          31 December          31 December
                                                                                             Note                  2025                2024

                       Amounts due from related parties                                                              495                 418
                       Amounts due to related parties                                        (iii)               16,067              16,572



              (iii)   Amounts due to Tower Company
                      The related accounts payable and bills payable balance (exclude lease liabilities) to Tower Company included in the
                      balance of amounts due to related parties as at 31 December 2025 was RMB15,156 million (31 December 2024:
                      RMB15,817 million). Except as mentioned in Note 43.3(ii), amounts due from/to Tower Company are unsecured,
                      interest-free, repayable on demand/on contract terms with Tower Company as described above.


44.    CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS
       44.1   Capital commitments
              As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had capital commitments, mainly in relation to the construction of
              telecommunications network, as follows:


                                                                         2025                                         2024

                                                        Land and                                     Land and
                                                        buildings   Equipment            Total       buildings    Equipment            Total

                Authorised and contracted for              8,159         64,291         72,450          4,461         50,314         54,775

                                                           8,159         64,291         72,450          4,461         50,314         54,775



       44.2   Legal contingencies
              The Group is a defendant in certain lawsuits as well as the named party in other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of
              business. Management has assessed the likelihood of an unfavourable outcome of such contingencies, lawsuits or other
              proceedings and based on such assessment, believes that any resulting liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on the
              financial position, operating results or cash flows of the Group.




210
                                                                Annual Report 2025




45.   COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                      As at 31 December

                                                        2025               2024

      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
        Equipment                                          3                   2
        Investments in subsidiaries                   249,773           249,773
        Right-of-use assets                               22                 37
        Financial assets measured at fair value         1,847              1,902

                                                      251,645           251,714

      Current assets
        Amounts due from subsidiaries                      —                   1
        Dividend receivable                            13,509             16,548
        Prepayments and other current assets             235                227
        Cash and cash equivalents                       1,151               630

                                                       14,895             17,406

      Total assets                                    266,540           269,120

      EQUITY
        Share capital                                 254,056           254,056
        Reserves                                       (8,739)            (8,684)
        Retained profits
          — Proposed final dividend                     4,066              4,779
          — Others                                     17,059             18,894

      Total equity                                    266,442           269,045




                                                                              211
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)




45.    COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)

                                                                                                             As at 31 December

                                                                                                               2025              2024

        LIABILITIES
        Non-current liabilities
           Lease liabilities                                                                                      8                22
           Other non-current liabilities                                                                          4                 4

                                                                                                                 12                26

        Current liabilities
           Lease liabilities                                                                                     15                15
           Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                              17                17
           Other current liabilities                                                                             54                17

                                                                                                                 86                49

        Total liabilities                                                                                        98                75

        Total equity and liabilities                                                                         266,540         269,120

        Net current assets                                                                                    14,809          17,357

        Total assets less current liabilities                                                                266,454         269,071



       The Company’s statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 19 March 2026
       and signed on behalf of the Board of Directors by:




       Dong Xin                                             Li Yuzhuo
       Chairman and Chief Executive Officer                 Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer




212
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




46.   NON-ADJUSTING EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      1.    Proposed final dividend
            After the date of the statement of financial position, the Board of Directors proposed a final dividend for the year of 2025. For
            details, please refer to Note 33.


      2.    Adjustments to the Scope of Application of VAT Categories for Telecommunications Services
            In January 2026, The Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration of the People’s Republic of China issued the
            “Announcement on Matters Relating to the Specific Scope of Value-Added Tax Categories” (Announcement of the Ministry of
            Finance and the State Taxation Administration No. 9 of 2026) (《關於增值稅徵稅具體範圍有關事項的公告》(財政部 稅
            務總局公告2026年第9號)), which stipulates that starting from 1 January 2026, within the territory of the People’s Republic
            of China, the tax categories applicable to business activities involving the provision of mobile data services, SMS and MMS
            services, and Internet broadband access services through the use of fixed-line networks, mobile networks, satellites and the
            Internet, is adjusted from value-added telecommunications services to basic telecommunications services, and the
            corresponding VAT rate adjusted from 6% to 9%. This adjustment to the scope of application of tax categories will have an
            impact on the revenue and profit of the Company.


47.   APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 19 March 2026.




                                                                                                                                           213
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




Financial
Summary
For the five-year ended 31 December 2025
(All amounts in RMB millions, except per share data)



Selected financial summary for 2021 to 2025, including selected consolidated statement of income data and consolidated statement of
financial position data for 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025 were prepared in accordance with HKFRSs.


RESULTS
Selected Statement of Income Data


                                                          2025             2024              2023              2022              2021

 Revenue                                               392,223          389,589           372,597           354,944           327,854


 Interconnection charges                                (11,035)        (11,224)          (11,294)          (10,947)          (11,557)
 Depreciation and amortisation                          (80,831)        (83,392)          (84,847)          (86,829)          (85,652)
 Network, operation and support expenses                (65,226)        (64,320)          (60,026)          (56,425)          (53,087)
 Employee benefit expenses                              (66,551)        (64,931)          (62,939)          (60,726)          (58,944)
 Costs of telecommunications products sold              (42,937)        (42,466)          (36,403)          (34,720)          (30,683)
 Other operating expenses                              (107,052)       (107,223)         (102,123)          (92,957)          (77,263)
 Finance costs                                           (1,276)         (1,784)           (1,981)            (1,095)           (1,385)
 Interest income                                          1,771           1,981             2,105             1,747              1,215
 Share of net profit of associates                        2,668           2,592             2,519             2,153              1,862
 Share of net profit of joint ventures                    1,487           1,481             1,803             1,593              1,448
 Other income — net                                       2,212           4,951             3,534             3,850              4,119

 Profit before income tax                               25,453           25,254            22,945            20,588            17,927
 Income tax expenses                                     (4,543)         (4,521)           (4,023)            (3,751)           (3,420)

 Profit for the year                                    20,910           20,733            18,922            16,837            14,507

 Profit attributable to:
   Equity shareholders of the Company                   20,816           20,613            18,726            16,745            14,368
   Non-controlling interests                                94              120               196                 92                  139

 Profit for the year                                    20,910           20,733            18,922            16,837            14,507

 Earnings per share for profit attributable
   to equity shareholders of the Company
   during the year:
   Basic earnings per share (RMB)                          0.68             0.67              0.61              0.55              0.47

   Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                        0.68             0.67              0.61              0.55              0.47




214
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




RESULTS (Continued)
Selected Statement of Financial Position Data


                                                  2025            2024             2023             2022             2021
                                                          (Re-presented)   (Re-presented)   (Re-presented)   (Re-presented)

 Property, plant and equipment                  345,611        351,530          355,995          352,433          355,031
 Right-of-use assets                             38,665          47,522           52,608           59,227           32,866
 Financial assets measured at fair value         26,530          13,817           29,645           23,702           32,726
 Long-term bank deposits                         15,580          15,185               —                —                —
 Cash and cash equivalents                       25,109          28,480           47,733           55,297           34,280
 Other current asset                            122,452        121,170            85,940           71,353           62,937
 Other non-current asset                         95,671          93,533           89,130           80,651           73,236

 Total assets                                   669,618        671,237          661,051          642,663          591,076

 Short-term bank loans                             966              711              681              502              385
 Commercial papers                                   —               —                —             5,025            6,875
 Long-term loans                                  4,517           2,855            2,487            2,938            2,949
 Lease liabilities                               28,604          37,641           43,257           48,924           22,559
 Other current liabilities                      252,966        255,815          249,977          231,738          216,409
 Other non-current liabilities                   11,698          10,645           10,751           10,000            8,466

 Total liabilities                              298,751        307,667          307,153          299,127          257,643

 Total equity                                   370,867        363,570          353,898          343,536          333,433




                                                                                                                         215
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




Corporate
Information

BOARD OF DIRECTORS (As At 19 March 2026)                            REGISTERED OFFICE
Executive Directors                                                 75th Floor,
Dong Xin Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central,
Jian Qin Executive Director and President                           Hong Kong
Tang Yongbo Executive Director                                      Tel: (852) 2126 2018
Li Yuzhuo Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                    MAJOR SUBSIDIARY
Independent Non-Executive Directors                                 China United Network Communications Corporation Limited
Cheung Wing Lam Linus                                               No. 21 Financial Street,
Chung Shui Ming Timpson                                             Xicheng District, Beijing 100033, P.R.C.
Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny
Fan Chun Wah Andrew                                                 SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                                    Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Audit Committee                                                     Shops 1712–1716,
Chung Shui Ming Timpson (Chairman)                                  17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
Cheung Wing Lam Linus                                               183 Queen’s Road East,
Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                                              Wanchai, Hong Kong
Fan Chun Wah Andrew                                                 Tel: (852) 2862 8555
                                                                    Fax: (852) 2865 0990
Remuneration Committee                                              Website: www.computershare.com/hk/contact
Cheung Wing Lam Linus (Chairman)
Chung Shui Ming Timpson                                             PUBLICATIONS
Fan Chun Wah Andrew                                                 Financial reports, announcements, press releases and other investor
                                                                    information on the Company are available to access electronically
Nomination Committee                                                via the Company’s website.
Chung Shui Ming Timpson (Chairman)
Dong Xin                                                            STOCK CODE
Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                                              Hong Kong Stock Exchange: 762


COMPANY SECRETARY                                                   COMPANY WEBSITE
Chan Ngar Wai                                                       www.chinaunicom.com.hk


AUDITOR
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors


LEGAL ADVISORS
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer




216
Corporate
 Culture
                             OUR STRATEGY
         Adhere to the principles of upholding integrity and innovation,
             Focusing on main responsibilities and main businesses,
 Taking “Preserve and Innovate, Steady and Far-reaching” as the main keynote
      for the Company’ s development during the “15th Five-Year” period,
 Focusing on the core arenas of “connectivity”, “computing power”, “service”, and
                                   “security”.


                                OUR VISION
    A world-class technology service enterprise with global competitiveness


                              OUR MISSION
      The leading contributor of digital information operation and services
          The pioneer of digital technology integration and innovation


                          CORPORATE STYLE
              Rigorous, Pragmatic, Skillful, Meticulous, Efficient
CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG) LIMITED

75th Floor, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
Tel : (852) 2126 2018


www.chinaunicom.com.hk
