E̲ChinaUnicom AR23̲Cover̲aw.pdf 1 18/04/2024 11:31:26




                                                                              ,/EhE/KDΈ,KE'<KE'Ή>/D/dEEh>ZWKZdϮϬϮϯ
                 CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG) LIMITED

                 75th Floor, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
                 Tel : (852) 2126 2018              Fax : (852) 2126 2016


                 www.chinaunicom.com.hk



                                                                                                                                             AND




                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                                   China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                                                                                                                   Stock Code : 762
CONNECTIVITY AND                                                                                     Government and enterprise network:
                                                                                                                Unicom Cloud resources


COMMUNICATIONS                                                                                                       covered >230 cities




Providing high-speed ubiquitous basic connectivity products, cloud-network                  International network:
integrated premium network services, global intelligent network services as                  660,000 kilometers of
                                                                                                      international
well as platform- and scenario-based intelligent connectivity services
                                                                                                 submarine cables




                                             No. of mid-band 5G base stations:
                                             >1.21 million




                                                             Broadband network:
                                                             maintained industry edge in
                                                             Northern China, while
                                                             foundational capabilities in
                                                             Southern China were
                                                             markedly boosted
COMPUTING AND
DIGITAL SMART
APPLICATIONS
Deeply integrating digital technologies to provide information services
such as computing, data, application, security, etc.


                               Unicom Cloud revenue increased by 41.6%
                               year-on-year, reaching RMB 51 billion




                  Data services revenue growth: 32%



                            30,000 5G industry application projects covering
                            71 major categories of the national economy



    Cybersecurity revenue growth: 120%
MARKET
CONVERGENCE
Leveraging the advantages of “integrated capabilities and operating services”
to tap into both consumer and government-enterprise markets

                                                                                Mobile subscribers increased by
                                                                                10.60 million, reaching 333 million




                                                                                          Broadband subscribers increased by
                                                                                          9.79 million, reaching 113 million



                                                                                                 Serving >1,000 medical clouds and >800 smart
                                                                                                 city districts and counties



                                                                                     No. of 5G virtual private network service
                                                                                     customers: 8,563 (up by 125% year-on-year)
CAPABILITY
FUSION
Using digital technologies to transform and upgrade traditional
industries to empower cost reduction and efficiency enhancement




                           No. of patents granted reached
                           2,287 (up by 37% year-on-year)



                 Technological innovation personnel ratio: 40%


         Accelerated the deployment in the nascent AI industry, and
         launched the “Yuanjing” LLM system

Digital Village platform covered >250,000
administrative villages
          2
          Company Profile
                                         3
                                         Shareholding Structure
                                                                       4
                                                                       Performance Highlights




                                         6
                                         Major Events
                                                                       8
                                                                       Chairman’s Statement
                                                                                                16
                                                                                                Business Overview
                                                                                                                         20
                                                                                                                         Financial Overview


                                                                                                                                                   088 Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                                                                   093 Consolidated Statement of Income
                                                                                                                                                   094 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income




CONTENTS
                                                                                                                                                   095 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                                                                   098 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                   099 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                                                                                   102 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                   202 Financial Summary
                                                                                                                                                   204 Corporate Information
                                                                                                                                                   205 Corporate Culture


Forward-looking statements
Certain statements contained in this report may be viewed as
“forward-looking statements”. Such forward-looking statements are
subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
                                                                                                26
                                                                                                Recognition and Awards
                                                                                                                         28
                                                                                                                         Directors and Senior
which may cause the actual performance, financial condition or                                                           Management
results of operations of the Company to be materially different from
any future performance, financial condition or results of operations
implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition, we do not
intend to update these forward-looking statements. Neither the
Company nor the directors, employees or agents of the Company
assume any liabilities in the event that any of the forward-looking
                                                                                                40
                                                                                                Corporate
                                                                                                                         68
                                                                                                                         Report of the Directors
                                                                                                                                                               86
                                                                                                                                                               Human Resources
statements does not materialise or turns out to be incorrect.                                   Governance Report                                              Development
2   China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023      3




COMPANY                                                                                                                                                                             SHAREHOLDING
PROFILE                                                                                                                                                                                 STRUCTURE
China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Hong Kong on 8 February 2000 and was listed on                                                                                                                                    Strategic investors*, employee
the New York Stock Exchange # and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 21 June 2000 and 22 June 2000                                                                                                                                             restrictive incentive share**
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    64.2%
respectively. On 1 June 2001, the Company was included as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Index. The Company                                                                                                                                      and other public shareholders
merged with China Netcom Group Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited on 15 October 2008.                                                    CHINA UNITED
                                                                                                                                        NETWORK
China Unicom establishes branches in 31 provinces in China (including autonomous regions and municipalities) and multiple           COMMUNICATIONS
countries and regions overseas. The Company’s telecommunication network and global customer service system covers                                                                                         CHINA UNITED
                                                                                                                                         GROUP
China and connects to the world. The Company has been one of the “Fortune Global 500” companies for consecutive years,
                                                                                                                                    COMPANY LIMITED                               35.8%                     NETWORK
and ranked 267th in “Fortune Global 500” for the year 2023. It was also voted as “Asia’s Most Honored Telecom Company”
in 2023 for the eighth consecutive year by Institutional Investor.
                                                                                                                                                                                                        COMMUNICATIONS
                                                                                                                                                                                                             LIMITED
In order to accelerate becoming a world-class technology service enterprise with global competitiveness, the Company                                                                                    (Issued shares: approximately
                                                                                                                                                                                                              31.8 billion shares)
steadily promote the two main businesses of Connectivity and Communications (CC) and Computing and Digital Smart
Applications (CDSA). It resolutely carries out national missions and holistically builds comprehensive digital information
infrastructure with industry-leading coverage, breadth and depth, so as to build an unobstructed information channel and a
new digital base for economic and social development. With the goal of establishing “Cyber Superpower and Digital China”,                                               17.9%                                       82.1%
it grasps the direction of digital, network-based and intelligent transformation. Using technologically leading and highly
integrated digital services which are “comprehensive in coverage, fully online and cloudified, green and one-stop”, it helps
                                                                                                                                               100%
                                                                                                                                                                                                      China Unicom (BVI) Limited
thousands of industries “migrate to the cloud, and use data for intelligent empowerment”. It resolutely implements
innovation-driven development, and focuses on core technologies and key applications. Through integrated innovation, it
turns itself into a technological innovation enterprise and achieves a high level of independence in digital technologies,                                                                                          53.5%
becoming an important part of the national strategic technological power.


The Company strives to be the “new engine” that empowers social and economic transformation, fully utilises the
advantages of Big Data and communication network technology, and promotes the development of the digital economy and
information consumption upgrade, so as to transform the drivers of economic development, enhance customers’
                                                                                                                                        China Unicom
                                                                                                                                                                                                        CHINA UNICOM
satisfaction and sense of reward in information and communication services, and let the whole society further enjoy the
                                                                                                                                      Group Corporation                     26.4%***                     (HONG KONG)                                 20.1%           Public
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Shareholders
new benefits brought by information and communication development.                                                                      (BVI) Limited                                                      LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                                                        (Issued shares: approximately
Note:                                                                                                                                                                                                         30.6 billion shares)


#       The Company’s ADSs were delisted from the New York Stock Exchange on 18 May 2021. Please refer to the Company’s
        announcement dated 23 July 2021 for details.

                                                                                                                               *    In 2017, approximately 10.9 billion shares of China United Network Communications Limited were acquired by the strategic investors introduced by the mixed
                                                                                                                                    ownership reform through non public share issuance and transfer of existing shares. These shares were no longer restricted from sale in November 2020.

                                                                                                                               **   Pursuant to the phase 2 restrictive share incentive scheme in 2023, China United Network Communications Limited granted restricted shares to the core
                                                                                                                                    management talents and professional talents.

                                                                                                                               *** Excluded the interest regarding the pre-emptive right owned by China Unicom Group Corporation (BVI) Limited in 225,722,791 shares of the Company.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   As at 31 December 2023
4    China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023     5




PERFORMANCE
HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                DIGITAL SMART
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                APPLICATIONS REVENUE
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (RMB BIL)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2023

Financial Highlight (RMB billions)                                                                         2023                    2022            Change YoY
                                                                                                                                                                       UNICOM CLOUD1
                                                                                                                                                                       REVENUE (RMB BIL)
                                                                                                                                                                                             DATA SERVICE REVENUE
                                                                                                                                                                                             (RMB BIL)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                5.6                           ^ 17.5%
Operating Revenue                                                                                        372.60                  354.94                    5.0%
Service Revenue                                                                                          335.17                  319.35                    5.0%        2023                  2023                                               2022


                                                                                                                                                                       51.0            ^ 41.6% 5.3
    Of which: Connectivity and Communications business revenue1                                          244.58                  237.25                    3.1%



                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ^ 32% 4.8
     		        Computing and Digital Smart Applications business revenue2                                  75.25                  66.66                   12.9%
EBITDA    3
                                                                                                           99.81                  99.17                    0.6%
Net Profit4                                                                                                18.73                  16.74                   11.8%
Basic EPS (RMB)                                                                                            0.612                  0.547                   11.8%
Dividend per share5 (RMB)                                                                                0.3366                   0.274                   22.8%        2022                  2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                CYBERSECURITY
Note 1: Connectivity and Communications business encompasses mobile connectivity, broadband connectivity, TV connectivity, leased line connectivity,
        communications services as well as information services.

Note 2: Computing and Digital Smart Applications business encompasses Unicom Cloud, data centre, system integration, data services, digital smart applications as
                                                                                                                                                                       36.1                  4.0                                                REVENUE (RMB BIL)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2023


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1.7
        well as cybersecurity.
                                                                                                                                                                       2021


                                                                                                                                                                       16.3                                                                                                     ^ 120%
Note 3: EBITDA represents profit for the year before finance costs, interest income, share of net profit of associates, share of net profit of joint ventures, other
        income-net, income tax expenses, depreciation and amortisation. As the telecommunications business is a capital intensive industry, capital expenditure
        and finance costs may have a significant impact on the net profit of the companies with similar operating results. Therefore, the Company believes that
        EBITDA may be helpful in analysing the operating results of a telecommunications service operator like the Company. However, it is a non-GAAP financial
        measure which does not have a standardised meaning and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2022


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0.8
Note 4: Net profit represented profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company.

Note 5: The proposed 2023 final dividend of RMB0.1336 per share is subject to approval by the shareholders at the annual general meeting. Together with the
        interim dividend of RMB0.203 per share already paid, total dividend for the year is RMB0.3366 per share.


                                                                                                                                                                                             1. Unicom Cloud revenue included revenue of cloud resources, cloud platforms, cloud services, cloud
                                                                                                                                                                                                integration, cloud interconnection, cloud security, etc., generated from integrated innovative
                                                                                                                                                                                                solutions
6   China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   7




                                                                                                                                                                                                  September 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unicom Cloud version 7.0 continued to upgrade,
                                                                                                                                          June 2023                                               achieving a breakthrough in cloud-native single-
                                                                                                                                          By establishing the second batch of 8 industry forces   cluster node scale of over ten thousand, and
                                                                                                                                          covering 7 major sectors, China Unicom explored         providing customers with secure and reliable cloud



MAJOR EVENTS
                                                                                                                                          industry application scenarios to empower               services.
                                                                                                                                          economic and social development on all fronts and
                                                                                                                                          accelerate the construction of Digital China.


                                                                                                                                                                                                  November 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                  China Unicom Smart Cloud Data Centre cum Unicom
                            February 2023                                          May 2023                                               August 2023                                             Cloud International Station Launching Ceremony
                            China Unicom released NX307, the world’s first         China Telecom, China Mobile, China Unicom, and         China Unicom released the “China Unicom Action          was convened in Hong Kong , committed to
                            universal 5G RedCap commercial module, leading         China Broadnet jointly announced the official launch   Plan for the Construction of the Central Hub of the     strengthening the international deployment of
                            with our innovation and development in the 5G          of the world’s first 5G cross-network roaming          Integration of Smart Computing, Training and            computing-network resources, contributing to the
                            industry.                                              commercial trial in Xinjiang.                          Promotion” to build the first integrated hub node of    high-quality co-building of the “Belt and Road”
                                                                                                                                          smart computing, training and promotion in the          initiative, constructing a high-quality computing-
                                                                                   China Unicom obtained HKEX’s approval for the          western region in Ningxia, helping to build the         network hub, and enhancing ecological cooperation.
                                                                                   spin-off of SMART Connection Technology.               western digital valley and China’s computing power
                            April 2023                                                                                                    capital”.
                            China Unicom joined hands with partners such as        China Unicom assisted in the completion of the
                            Midea Group, Shanghai Automobile City and Huawei       nation’s first digital security operation centre in
                            to complete the world’s first commercial application   ultra-large cities in Guangzhou.
                            of 5G RedCap terminals in industrial and Internet of
                            Vehicles scenarios.
8   China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023    9




                                                                 OVERALL RESULTS
                                                                 In 2023, the Company made efforts to promote the coordinated development of the two main businesses
                                                                 to achieve effective quality enhancement and reasonable growth in scale. Operating revenue increased
                                                                 steadily to RMB372.6 billion, up 5.0% year-on-year. EBITDA 1 reached RMB99.8 billion. The profit
                                                                 attributable to equity shareholders of the Company reached RMB18.7 billion, representing a year-on-year
                                                                 increase of 11.8%, continuing double-digit growth. Return on equity (ROE) reached 5.4%, the best in recent
                                                                 years.



CHAIRMAN’S                                                       The Company insisted on network-business coordination and precise investment. With 5G network
                                                                 coverage nearing completion, the Company’s investment focus is shifting from stable CC business to
                                                                 high-growth CDSA business. CAPEX was RMB73.9 billion in 2023. Network investment saw an inflection



STATEMENT
                                                                 point. The Company comprehensively enhanced its value creation ability, with its free cash flow2 growing
                                                                 8.3% year-on-year to RMB28.5 billion. Its capital structure continued to improve with interest-bearing
                                                                 debts decreasing by 19% to RMB46.4 billion, and its liabilities-to-assets ratio remained within a reasonable
                                                                 range of 46.5%.


                                                                 The Company is committed to sharing the fruits of its long-term development with shareholders while
                                                                 continuing to promote good growth of revenue and profit and maintaining its sustainable development
Dear Shareholders,
                                                                 capability. After due consideration of the Company’s robust business development, the Board declared a
                                                                 final dividend of RMB0.1336 per share (pre-tax). Together with the interim dividend of RMB0.203 per
2023 was a year for China Unicom to achieve significant
                                                                 share (pre-tax) already paid, the total dividend for the year amounted to RMB0.3366 per share (pre-tax),
results in high-quality development. In the past year, the
                                                                 representing a year-on-year increase of 22.8%, which is significantly higher than the 11.8% growth of basic
Company steadily promoted the implementation of its
                                                                 earnings per share. The cash dividend reached a record high3.
strategic system, actively coordinated the current operation
and long-term development, and focused on both scale
growth and value enhancement. It fully assumed the main
responsibilities of Cyber Superpower and Digital China
development, and focused on the two main businesses of
Connectivity and Communications (CC) and Computing and
Digital Smart Applications (CDSA). The Company achieved
steady progress in business development, rapidly
strengthened its fundamental capabilities,
continuously amplified its distinctive advantages
and deepened innovation and reform, laying a
more solid foundation for its long-term
development.




                                       CHEN ZHONGYUE
                                       Chairman and
                                       Chief Executive Officer
10 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                            WITH EMPHASIS ON BOTH SCALE AND                             Within that, for mobile connectivity, the Company
                            QUALITY, BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT                               strengthened coordination among terminals, network
                            MADE NEW ACHIEVEMENTS                                       and business development. Driven by 5G upgrade,
                            China Unicom fully consolidated its foundation in           mobile subscribers demonstrated strong growth. The
                            market development, capability and management, and          Company continued to strengthen coordinated
                            took advantage of its unique edges to promote               development, striking a balance among scale, quality,
                            technological innovation, product innovation, model         structure and efficiency. The number of mobile
                            innovation and system innovation with greater               subscribers reached 333 million, with a net addition of
                            strength. It improved the circulation of various factors,   10.60 million in 2023. The net addition increased
                            and promoted high-level opening up and cooperation          significantly by 90% year-on-year. Subscriber mix
                            both internally and externally, unveiling a new             continued to improve, and the penetration rate of 5G
                            paradigm of China Unicom’s high-quality development.        package subscribers reached 78%, an increase of 12
                            In 2023, the Company achieved service revenue of            percentage points year-on-year. The Company actively
                            RMB335.2 billion, up by 5.0% year-on-year.                  seized the development opportunities of universal
                                                                                        connectivity. The number of Internet of Things (IoT)
                            Stable growth in Connectivity and Communications            connections reached 490 million in 2023, of which “4G
                            provided the foundation for steady operations               + 5G” high-speed connections accounted for over 90%,
                            The Company continued to deepen business                    injecting fresh impetus into the development of mobile
                            integration, market convergence and capability fusion.      connectivity.
                            New integration is gaining momentum. Mobile,
                            fixed-line broadband and leased line businesses saw         For broadband connectivity, the Company continued
                            steady growth in both scale and value. Innovative           to build its reputation for gigabit service. The number
                            value-added services for individuals and households         of fixed-line broadband subscribers reached 113
                            achieved rapid breakthroughs. In 2023, Connectivity         million, with a net addition of 9.79 million year-on-
                            and Communications (CC) business, which                     year. The net addition hit a 10-year high. Subscriber
                            encompasses mobile connectivity, broadband                  mix improved significantly with the integration
                            connectivity, TV connectivity, leased line connectivity,    penetration of broadband subscribers reaching 76%.
                            communications services as well as information              The penetration rate of gigabit subscribers reached
                            services, achieved revenue of RMB244.6 billion. It          22%, an increase of 6 percentage points year-on-year.
                            contributed to three quarters of the service revenue of
                            CC and CDSA combined. The Company’s connectivity
                            scale further expanded, with the total number of CC
                            subscribers exceeding one billion4, representing an
                            increase of about 140 million from the end of 2022.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 11




For information services, the Company strived to build    achieved revenue of RMB75.2 billion. It accounted for
richer and better innovative products, and deepened       a quarter of the service revenue of CC and CDSA
the rapid growth of information services for the          combined, and contributed to more than half of the
individual and household markets, bringing brand new      Company’s incremental service revenue.
experiences of quality upgrade to customers. The
Company continued to bolster the “platform + cloud        For Unicom Cloud5, revenue reached RMB51.03 billion
network + applications” development model and             in 2023, with year-on-year growth of 41.6%.
constantly enhanced information applications.             Leveraging the differentiated edge of computing
Information services revenue exceeded RMB10 billion.      power and network integration as well as significantly
The number of paying subscribers of Personal Digital      richer computing power resources, the Company sold
and Smart Living and Unicom Smart Home reached 100        over a million cores of cloud resources, with a year-on-
million.                                                  year growth rate of 186%. Its cloud resources covered
                                                          over 230 cities. The Company overcame critical
Robust growth of Computing and Digital                    technological barriers in cloud server operating
Smart Applications added to growth momentum for           systems, databases and cloud disaster recovery, and
innovation and transformation                             met customers’need for scenario-based customisation.
The new round of technological revolution and             It built a series of benchmark cases in the fields of
industrial transformation is overwhelming, and the        government affairs, healthcare, transportation and
prosperity and vitality of the digital economy have       education, empowering quality and efficiency
opened up new and bigger room for the development         enhancement in various industries. The Company
of China Unicom. The Company actively embraced the        made new efforts in technological innovation and
strategic opportunities brought by the resonance of       ecological co-construction, further enhanced its
Chinese-style modernisation and next-generation           proprietary R&D capability, and continued to optimise
digital revolution. In 2023, Computing and Digital        the “virtualised” and “cloud native” dual-engine
Smart Applications (CDSA), which encompasses              foundation. It deployed more than 3,300 sets of self-
Unicom Cloud, data centre, system integration, data       developed operating system CULinux 2.2.
services, digital smart applications and cybersecurity,
12 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                            For data service, seizing policy opportunities such as     categories of the national economy, serving more than
                            “Digital China” construction and the “Data Factor X”       8,500 5G private network customers. The Company
                            Three-Year Action Plan, the Company focused on             has formed a leading edge in key sectors such as
                            strengthening the supply of data products and              industrial Internet, digital government, and Internet of
                            capabilities, empowering holistic digital transformation   vehicles, etc. Its professional and specialised
                            of the economy and society. Leveraging its centralised     capabilities in digital intelligence continued to
                            platform and cutting-edge Big Data capability, the         strengthen, with 32 self-developed application
                            Company’s data services accounted for over 50%             products generating revenue in excess of RMB100
                            market share for five consecutive years, outperforming     million. It iteratively upgraded the 5G industry private
                            in the industry. It always regarded the integrated         network PLUS product matrix, developed Gewu
                            innovation of Big Data and AI technologies as the core     Unilink, a cross-industry and cross-profession industrial
                            driving force. Twelve of its data management               Internet platform, and launched ten 5G RedCap
                            capabilities were named in the “2023 Data Governance       industry terminals. During Mobile World Congress
                            Industry Graph 2.0”, ranking first in terms of quantity.   (MWC) 2024, it won three Global Mobile (GLOMO)
                            Its data processing capacity continued to increase, and    Awards, leading the high-quality development of 5G
                            the daily amount of data collected doubled year-on-        digital and smart applications.
                            year to 1.2 PB. The Company passed the highest
                            DCMM5 certification with the highest score ever. It        For cybersecurity, the Company focused on network
                            comprehensively served the digital transformation of       security, data security, information security and other
                            government affairs. It built the No. 1 brand in digital    key aspects, and strengthened Big Security strategic
                            government and developed 15 provincial government          business deployment. Based on the“Mogong”platform,
                            affairs Big Data platforms, while the total number of      the Company developed a new model of “platform +
                            smart city service districts and counties exceeded 800.    components + services” security operating services. It
                                                                                       built China’s first mega-city digital security operation
                            For digital and smart applications, the Company            centre for a client, and implemented more than 50
                            accelerated the in-depth integration of the digital        benchmark projects. It promoted open cooperation in
                            economy and the real economy with 5G technology, in        the security ecosystem by attracting partners to join
                            order to provide a digital “new engine” for strategic      the “Security Hub” and build a large-scale, product-rich
                            emerging industries and future industries. The scale       and accessible security cloud market, supporting
                            development of digital and smart applications achieved     cybersecurity revenue to achieve a rapid growth of
                            remarkable results, with a cumulative total of 30,000      120%.
                            5G industry application projects covering 71 major
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023 13




BUILDING A SOLID FOUNDATION FOR                            and Western Computing strategy, and actively
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT BY                                 deployed a new computing power network with
CONSOLIDATING CAPABILITIES                                 advanced architecture, security and reliability and
Network is the foundation of the Company’s existence,      excellent service. Through the “5 + 4 + 31 + X” new IDC
and innovation is the source of the Company’s              deployment, the Company strived to build green,
vibrancy. In recent years, the Company has vigorously      centralised, secure and reliable computing
promoted the work orientation of strengthening the         infrastructure. The Company proactively responded to
fundamentals and basics, and has made efforts to build     the transformation and upgrade of AI computing
digital information infrastructure as the foundation to    power demand, and pushed forward “1+N+X” AI
help China’s digital economy flourish. The Company         computing planning and deployment. In Eastern
actively promoted the research on critical core            regions with developed AI computing industry and
technologies and the construction of a unique              Western regions with abundant resources, it
capability system, in order to play a bigger role in       undertook tiered deployment and construction. It has
technological innovation, industrial control and           constructed over 100G high-speed transmission links
security support. It provided a solid foundation for the   among national hubs, reinforcing the optical transport
Company to forge ahead in its new journey and              foundation for computing power network. The latency
undertake new missions.                                    of the Company’s public IP backbone network
                                                           maintained its edge in the industry.
Network capabilities continued to strengthen with
precise investment                                         The Company adhered to new development
The Company accelerated the construction of digital        philosophy and pushed forward high-quality 5G
information infrastructure in order to consolidate the     development. 220,000 5G mid-band base stations
foundation of its long-term development. The               were added and the number of shared 4G base
Company had over 1.21 million 5G mid-band base             stations exceeded two million. It launched the world’s
stations and 680,000 900M base stations. Its mobile        first 5G roaming pre-commercial trial in Xinjiang
network coverage continued to strengthen. Its              province with fellow operators to further improve the
broadband network maintained its industry edge in          network resources utilisation efficiency in remote
Northern China, while its foundational capabilities in     areas. It made good progress in promoting the co-
Southern China were markedly boosted. For                  build, co-share and co-maintenance of transmission
government and enterprise network, it provided “hard       lines, pipes and optical cables and other infrastructure.
and soft” high-quality private network services, and       The Company took practical actions to echo the “dual
continuously expanded coverage scale and multi-cloud       carbon” policy, saving operating expenses of about
connectivity, promoting “cloudification and digital        RMB39.0 billion and annual carbon emissions of about
empowerment” for thousands of industries. The              11.50 million tonnes in 2023, and saving cumulative
Company fully implemented the national Eastern Data        capital expenditure of about RMB340.0 billion.
14 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                            Innovation-driven transformation made a deep and           SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND CORPORATE
                            steady stride                                              GOVERNANCE
                            The Company actively forged its core capabilities,         The Company takes care of national interests,
                            continued to build a strong engine for technological       spontaneously contributes to national strategies and
                            innovation, focused on promoting industrial innovation     organically integrates its economic responsibility with
                            with technological innovation, and accelerated the         social responsibility. In the past year, the Company
                            development of new quality productivity. It made           demonstrated its commitment in environmental, social
                            greater efforts on talent cultivation, with the ratio of   and corporate governance aspects, and contributed its
                            technological innovation personnel reaching 40%. It        part to meet the needs of people for better
                            was granted 2,287 patents during the year, up by 37%       information life and the demand for digital, network-
                            year-on-year. The Company enhanced the efficiency of       based and intelligent transformation of various
                            capital operation and strengthened capital                 industries. The Company continued to build a solid,
                            cooperation. It set up joint ventures such as Nebula       reliable and secure network, enhance data and
                            Times Technology Co., Ltd. and China Unicom Digital        information security capabilities, and bolster its
                            Intelligence Medical Technology Co. Ltd to further         collaborative support system, fortifying national
                            improve its capability in offering professional and        cybersecurity defence. Fulfilling the “dual carbon”
                            specialised digital services.                              strategy, the Company actively constructed large data
                                                                                       centres which were technologically advanced, green
                            The Company regards AI as an important strategic           and low-carbon, secure and reliable. The Company
                            field. It accelerated the deployment in this nascent       endeavoured to build an inclusive and accessible digital
                            industry by combining China Unicom’s advantages in         society and fully supported rural revitalization. Its
                            computing network infrastructure, diverse business         Digital Village platform covered the 255,000
                            use cases and extensive customer touch points to build     administrative villages and served more than 26
                            a large language model (LLM) application development       million villagers. The Company fully demonstrated its
                            paradigm with China Unicom’s characteristics. At the       responsibilities. During major events such as
                            recent MWC, the Company launched the “Yuanjing”            communications support, rescue and disaster relief,
                            LLM system, which offered multiple parameter               reform, etc., it performed its missions and successfully
                            versions according to different functional needs, so as    completed communications support tasks during
                            to use LLM to better empower use cases in the real         rescue and disaster relief. The Company advanced
                            economy. The Company comprehensively improved              quality enhancement as a listed company. It
                            customer service with AI + Big Data, with relevant         strengthened communication with the capital market
                            achievements successfully shortlisted in “Wu Wenjun        through reverse roadshows and other activities, and
                            Award for Science and Technology in Artificial             actively responded to shareholders’ concerns,
                            Intelligence”, an authoritative award in the industry.     promoting the mutual improvement of both its
                                                                                       intrinsic value and market value.
                            The Company further accelerated deployment in
                            satellite communications, and actively promoted the
                            industrialisation and systemic development of air-
                            ground integrated communications.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023 15




The Company continued to improve its governance                 The Company will insist on making progress while
mechanism, providing solid support for sustainable and          maintaining stability, deeply implement the five
healthy development. It has received numerous                   strategies to build a strong enterprise, i.e. via
recognitions, including ranking 267th in the Fortune            technology, talent, reform, digital and smart
Global 500 for the year 2023, ranking 277th in the              transformation, and brand. We will deeply implement
Forbes Global 2000, being voted as “Asia’s Most                 nine key action plans in respect of CC, computing
Honored Telecom Company” by Institutional Investor              network integration, digital and smart applications,
for the eighth consecutive year, and being voted as             internationalisation, Big Data innovation, AI
“Best Overall Company in China — Gold” in “Asia’s Best          innovation, digital new infrastructure, high-quality
Managed Companies Poll 2023” organised by                       services and cybersecurity, in order to accelerate
FinanceAsia.                                                    becoming a world-class technology service enterprise
                                                                with global competitiveness.
OUTLOOK
At present, the trend of digitalisation, intelligent            Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like
transformation and green development is                         to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders,
unstoppable. The new round of technological                     customers and all sectors of society for their long-term
revolution and industrial transformation has                    care and support to the Company, and to all
developed rapidly, giving rise to unprecedented new             employees for their continued efforts and
services, new models and new business formats. Under            contributions!
the new landscape, the strategic, fundamental and
leading role of the information and communication
industry has become more and more prominent. In
2024, the Company is confident in maintaining stable
growth in operating revenue and double-digit growth
in profit. CAPEX is expected to be within RMB65.0               Chen Zhongyue
billion, in which CDSA investment will be appropriately        Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
brought forward and its deployment will be
strengthened.                                                   Hong Kong, 19 March 2024


Note 1: EBITDA represents profit for the year before finance costs, interest income, share of net profit of associates,
        share of net profit of joint ventures, other income — net, income tax expenses, depreciation and amortisation.
        As the telecommunications business is a capital-intensive industry, capital expenditure and finance costs may
        have a significant impact on the net profit of the companies with similar operating results. Therefore, the
        Company believes that EBITDA may be helpful in analysing the operating results of a telecommunications
        service operator like the Company. However, it is a non-GAAP financial measure which does not have a
        standardised meaning and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other
        companies.

Note 2: Free cash flow represents operating cash flow less capital expenditure. However, it is a non-GAAP financial
        measure which does not have a standardised meaning and therefore may not be comparable to similar
        measures presented by other companies.

Note 3: The 2023 final dividend declared will be subject to approval at the Company’s annual general meeting.

Note 4: The total number of CC subscribers as at the end of January 2024.

Note 5: Unicom Cloud revenue represents revenue generated from cloud resources, cloud platform, cloud services, cloud
         integration, cloud interconnection, cloud security, etc. by integrating innovative solutions.
16 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




                                      BUSINESS
                                      OVERVIEW
                                      In 2023, China Unicom adhered to the principle of serving the people, focused on
                                      the primary task of high-quality development. It continuously deepened business
                                      integration, market convergence, and the fusion of capabilities and intelligence. The
                                      Company’s operation remained stable with progress, and its business revenue
                                      maintained rapid growth. The subscriber scale reached a new high in recent years,
                                      with 333 million mobile billing subscribers in 2023, and accumulative net addition of
                                      10.60 million. The fixed-line broadband subscriber scale reached 113 million, with
                                      accumulative net addition of 9.79 million. China Unicom’s brand influence continued
                                      to expand. In a brand-building capabilities benchmark against central state-owned
                                      enterprises (CSEs), it ranked fourth among them and first in the telecommunications
                                      industry.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 17




The stabilising effect of Connectivity and                established product lines that integrated technology
Communications business became more prominent.            innovation, cloud networking, terminal devices, and
Firstly, the Company accelerated the promotion of         data, focusing on customer and market needs. In 2023,
new and existing subscribers to 5G, gigabit, and          the Company’s cloud computer officially achieved
integrated services. In terms of 5G, the Company          commercialisation, and the information application
continued to promote network-business-access              products like video ringtones, Unicom Cloud Drive, and
alignment, and accelerated the upgrade to 5G devices      smart homes generated revenues over RMB10 billion.
for network access and the migration from 3G.             Thirdly, the scale of Internet of Things (IoT) business
Regarding gigabit services, the Company adhered to        maintained steady growth, with a total of 490 million
the drivers of 1000 Mbps broadband and FTTR, aiming       IoT connections. Among them, the net addition of 5G
to enhance customer perception through high-speed         connections led the industry. The scale of Cat.1
networks, and carried out initiatives such as achieving   connections reached 130 million. The Company’s
gigabit benchmarks and enabling gigabit communities.      market share in Internet of vehicles continued to stay
For integrated services, the Company promoted             ahead in the industry. Fourthly, the Company
comprehensive integration of scale and value,             upgraded the 5G “empowerment engine”,
improving the overall perception of communication         empowering thousands of industries with intelligence
services in households, and achieving breakthroughs in    and value. The Company developed a total of 30,000
scale and value as a whole. Secondly, the Company         commercial 5G application projects, covering 71 major
continued to enhance the provision of new digital         categories of the national economy. The customer
smart living and smart home applications, reshaping       scale continued to expand, and the cumulative number
voice services and SMS services, and creating new         of customers served by the virtual 5G industry private
experiences in communication services. The Company        networks exceeded 8,500.
18 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




BUSINESS OVERVIEW




                            The development capabilities of Computing and             the world’s first 5G RedCap commercial module. The
                            Digital Smart Applications (CDSA) business have been      Company’s “Gewu” device management platform is
                            continuously strengthened. Firstly, in terms of           capable of supporting tens of millions of concurrent
                            computing power services, Unicom Cloud’s cloud            connections, and its advantages in scenario-based
                            resource pool experienced rapid growth and                object models have empowered key industry
                            accomplished the deployment of “one resource pool         customers in their digital transformation and upgrade,
                            per city”. In key areas such as government clouds and     creating benchmark projects in various sectors.
                            CSEs’ cloudification, the Company newly added over        Regarding artificial intelligence (AI), China Unicom
                            100 benchmark projects of private clouds. Secondly, in    constructed an independent and innovative AI
                            terms of cloud data centres, China Unicom achieved        infrastructure, developing large language models and
                            leading growth within the IDC industry. Thirdly, in       CDSA products for fields such as government affairs
                            terms of data services, the Company’s total revenue       and the economy. These efforts have comprehensively
                            from Big Data grew rapidly, and its market share          empowered the implementation of over 30 scenario
                            maintained industry leading for five consecutive years.   applications such as factories and industrial
                            The Company’s data services capabilities passed           manufacturing parks. Fifthly, in terms of cyber
                            DCMM level 5 assessment. Its integration of               information security, China Unicom relied on the
                            technologies such as blockchain and homomorphic           “Mogong” security operation service platform, utilising
                            encryption achieved cross-domain networking and           its capabilities in large-scale network situational
                            reduced storage by 30%. The performance of the            awareness to develop an operation service model
                            underlying platform has surpassed 20,000 transactions     integrating “Terminal-Network-Cloud-Data-Service”. In
                            per second (TPS). Fourthly, in terms of digital smart     areas such as digital government and CSEs, China
                            applications, regarding IoT, China Unicom launched        Unicom newly added over 50 new model cases.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023 19




The high-quality network capability continuously         reached 98%. Secondly, the Company continuously
improved. Firstly, China Unicom took full                promoted the coverage of gigabit optical networks,
responsibility for building Cyber Superpower and         with over 260 million broadband ports and the
Digital China, accelerating the construction of a        proportion of 10GPON ports exceeding 70%. Thirdly,
comprehensive intelligent digital infrastructure         the Company actively built a multi-level computing
characterised by high-speed ubiquitous connectivity,     power supply. By combining national Eastern Data and
integration across space and ground, cloud-network       Western Computing strategy, along with China
convergence, intelligence and agility, green and         Unicom’s “5+4+31+X” computing resource deployment,
low-carbon features, as well as security and             the Company improved its multi-level architecture.
controllability. The Company continuously promoted       China Unicom’s computing centres covered eight major
the construction of mobile premium networks,             hubs and 31 provinces, with over 400,000 data centre
broadband premium networks, and government &             cabinets. The resource deployment of a thousand
enterprise premium networks, establishing a solid        cabinets was completed in 29 provinces, and over 230
CDSA capabilities foundation. The Company focused on     cities were covered by backbone cloud pools. The
enhancing its core competitiveness, sustainable          number of MEC nodes exceeded 600. Fourthly, The
development capacity, and value creation ability,        Company continuously improved the international
driving the network quality to a new level and further   network deployment. By the end of 2023, the
building a solid network foundation for China Unicom’s   international submarine and land cable resource
high-quality development. By the end of 2023, there      capacity reached 88T, Internet international
were over 1.21 million 5G mid-band shared base           interconnection capacity 7.63T and inbound
stations, 680,000 900MHz low-band base stations, and     bandwidth 5.59T. International roaming covered 643
over 2.90 million available 4G base stations. The        operators in 264 countries and regions.
coverage rate of 5G/4G in administrative villages
20 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




                            FINANCIAL
                            OVERVIEW
                            OVERVIEW
                            In 2023, the Company fully implemented the new development philosophies, fully assumed the two main
                            responsibilities of building a Cyber Superpower and Digital China, and focused on the two main businesses of
                            Connectivity and Communications and Computing and Digital Smart Applications, total revenue was RMB372.60
                            billion in 2023, up by 5.0% year-on-year. Service revenue reached RMB335.17 billion, up by 5.0% year-on-year.
                            The profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was RMB18.73 billion, up by 11.8% year-on-year.


                            In 2023, the Company’s net cash flow from operating activities was RMB102.39 billion. Capital expenditure was
                            RMB73.87 billion. Liabilities-to-assets ratio was 46.5% as at 31 December 2023.




                                                                       SERVICE REVENUE
                                                                       (RMB BIL)



                                                                       335.17
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 21




REVENUE
In 2023, the Company’s revenue was RMB372.60 billion, up by 5.0% year-on-year, of which, service revenue was
RMB335.17 billion, up by 5.0% year-on-year due to continuous optimisation of the revenue mix.


The table below sets forth the Company’s service revenue of the two main types of business for the years of 2023
and 2022:


                                                                2023                            2022
                                                           Total           Mix           Total           Mix
(RMB in billions)                                       amount      proportion        amount       proportion


Connectivity and Communications business
  revenue                                                244.58          76.5%         237.25          78.1%
Computing and Digital Smart Applications
  business revenue                                        75.25          23.5%           66.66         21.9%


Connectivity and Communications business revenue
In 2023, service revenue from Connectivity and Communications business was RMB244.58 billion, up by 3.1%
year-on-year.


Computing and Digital Smart Applications business revenue
In 2023, service revenue from Computing and Digital Smart Applications business was RMB75.25 billion, up by
12.9% year-on-year.




CONNECTIVITY AND
COMMUNICATIONS
BUSINESS REVENUE
(RMB BIL)



244.58                                                                  COMPUTING AND DIGITAL
                                                                        SMART APPLICATIONS
                                                                        BUSINESS REVENUE
                                                                        (RMB BIL)



                                                                        75.25
22 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




FINANCIAL OVERVIEW




                            OPERATING COSTS
                            In 2023, total operating costs amounted to RMB357.63 billion, up by 4.4% year-on-year.


                            The table below sets forth the items of the operating costs and the changes in their respective percentage of the
                            revenue for the years of 2023 and 2022:


                                                                                             2023                           2022

                                                                                                        As a                           As a
                                                                                        Total    percentage            Total    percentage
                            (RMB in billions)                                        amount       of revenue         amount     of revenue


                            Operating costs                                           357.63          96.0%          342.60          96.5%
                            Include: Interconnection charges                            11.29           3.0%          10.95           3.1%
                                      Depreciation and amortisation                     84.85         22.8%           86.83          24.4%
                                      Network, operation and support expenses           60.03         16.1%           56.42          15.9%
                                      Employee benefit expenses                         62.94         16.9%           60.72          17.1%
                                        Include: salaries under employment
                                                  contract                              41.28         11.1%           40.85          11.5%
                                      Costs of telecommunications products sold         36.40           9.8%          34.72           9.8%
                                      Selling and marketing expenses                    35.83           9.6%          34.46           9.7%
                                      Cost of Computing and Digital Smart
                                        Applications business1                          40.08         10.8%           31.79           9.0%
                                      General and administrative expenses2               5.53           1.5%           5.15           1.5%
                                      Other operating expenses                          20.68           5.6%          21.56           6.1%
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 23




Interconnection charges
The interconnection charges were RMB11.29 billion in 2023, up by 3.2% year-on-year and, as a percentage of
revenue, decreased from 3.1% in 2022 to 3.0% in 2023.


Depreciation and amortisation
Mainly benefiting from the Company’s good control of capital expenditure and network “co-build co-share” in
recent years, depreciation and amortisation charges were RMB84.85 billion in 2023, down by 2.3% year-on-year
and, as a percentage of revenue, decreased from 24.4% in 2022 to 22.8% in 2023.


Network, operation and support expenses
As the Company expanded the scale of the basic network and relevant infrastructure, network, operation and
support expenses were RMB60.03 billion in 2023, up by 6.4% year-on-year and, as a percentage of revenue,
increased from 15.9% in 2022 to 16.1% in 2023.


Employee benefit expenses
The Company ongoing effort in incentive mechanism reforms, strengthen performance-based compensation and
optimised the human resources efficiency, employee benefit expenses were RMB62.94 billion in 2023, up by 3.6%
year-on-year and, as a percentage of revenue, decreased from 17.1% in 2022 to 16.9% in 2023.


Cost of telecommunications products sold
Costs of telecommunications products sold were RMB36.40 billion and revenue from sales of telecommunications
products were RMB37.43 billion in 2023. Gross profits on sales of telecommunications products was RMB1.03
billion.


Selling and marketing expenses
The Company appropriately increased selling and marketing expenses to enhance market attractiveness, selling
and marketing expenses were RMB35.83 billion in 2023, up by 4.0% year-on-year and, as a percentage of revenue,
decreased from 9.7% in 2022 to 9.6% in 2023.


Cost of Computing and Digital Smart Applications business1
The Company seized the growth opportunities of the digital economy and continued to develop the Computing
and Digital Smart Applications business, cost of Computing and Digital Smart Applications business were
RMB40.08 billion in 2023, up by 26.1% year-on-year and, as a percentage of revenue, increased from 9.0% in 2022
to 10.8% in 2023.


General and administrative expenses2
General and administrative expenses were RMB5.53 billion in 2023, up by 7.3% year-on-year and, as a percentage
of revenue was basically the same as 1.5%.


Other operating expenses
Other operating expenses were RMB20.68 billion in 2023, down by 4.1% year-on-year and, as a percentage of
revenue, decreased from 6.1% in 2022 to 5.6% in 2023.
24 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




FINANCIAL OVERVIEW




                            EARNINGS
                                                                                           2023              2022

                                                                                           Total             Total
                             (RMB in billions)                                          amount             amount              Change



                             Operating profits                                             14.97             12.34              21.3%
                             Net interest income                                            0.12              0.66             –80.9%
                             Share of net profit of associates                              2.52              2.15              17.0%
                             Share of net profit of joint ventures                          1.80              1.59              13.2%
                             Other income-net                                               3.53              3.85              –8.2%
                             Profit before income tax                                      22.95             20.59              11.5%
                             Income tax expenses                                            4.02              3.75               7.3%
                             Profit for the year                                           18.92             16.84              12.4%
                               Include: the profit attributable to equity
                                           shareholders of the Company                     18.73             16.74              11.8%




                                                           Profit before income tax
                                                           In 2023, the Company benefited from continuous enhancement
                                                           in growth quality and profitability, profit before income tax was
                                                           RMB22.95 billion, up by 11.5% year-on-year.




                                                                             Income tax expenses
                                                                             In 2023, the Company’s income tax expenses was
                                                                             RMB4.02 billion and the effective tax rate was 17.5%.




                                                                                       The profit attributable to equity
                                                                                       shareholders of the Company
                                                                                       In 2023, the profit attributable to equity
                                                                                       shareholders of the Company was RMB18.73
                                                                                       billion, up by 11.8% year-on-year. Basic
                                                                                       earnings per share was RMB0.612, up by
                                                                                       11.8% year-on-year.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023 25




EBITDA3
In 2023, the Company’s EBITDA was RMB99.81 billion, up by 0.6% year-on-year. EBITDA as a percentage of service
revenue was 29.8%, down by 1.3 percentage points year-on-year, and the decline of EBITDA as a percentage of
service revenue narrowed by 0.1 percentage point year-on-year.


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND CASH FLOW
In 2023, capital expenditure of the Company totaled RMB73.87 billion. Investments focus on the main
responsibilities and businesses; the scale of investment matches the business growth and cash position.


In 2023, the Company’s net cash flow from operating activities was RMB102.39 billion. Free cash flow4 was
RMB28.52 billion after the deduction of the capital expenditure.


BALANCE SHEET
The Company’s total assets increased from RMB642.66 billion as at 31 December 2022 to RMB661.05 billion as at
31 December 2023. Total liabilities increased from RMB299.13 billion as at 31 December 2022 to RMB307.15
billion as at 31 December 2023. The liabilities-to-assets ratio was 46.5% as at 31 December 2023, basically the
same as last year. The debt-to-capitalisation ratio decreased from 14.3% as at 31 December 2022 to 11.6% as at
31 December 2023. The net debt-to-capitalisation ratio was –0.3% as at 31 December 2023.


Note 1: Cost of Computing and Digital Smart Applications business excludes the cost of data centre business.


Note 2: General and administrative expenses excludes staff costs and depreciation.


Note 3: EBITDA represents profit for the year before finance costs, interest income, shares of net profit of associates,
         share of net profit of joint ventures, other income-net, income tax expense, depreciation and amortisation. As
         the telecommunications business is a capital intensive industry, capital expenditure and finance costs may have
         a significant impact on the net profit of the companies with similar operating results. Therefore, the Company
         believes that EBITDA may be helpful in analysing the operating results of a telecommunications service operator
         like the Company. However, it is a non-GAAP financial measure which does not have a standardised meaning
         and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.


Note 4: Free cash flow represents operating cash flow less capital expenditure. However, it is a non-GAAP financial
         measure which does not have a standardised meaning and therefore may not be comparable to similar
         measures presented by other companies.


Note 5: Connectivity and Communications business revenue is the sum of relevant amounts in various types of service
         revenue, including voice usage and monthly fees RMB21.21 billion, broadband and mobile data services
         RMB154.75 billion, data and internet application services RMB14.39 billion, other value-added services
         RMB29.19 billion, transmission lines usage and associated services RMB22.67 billion and other services
         RMB2.37 billion.


         Computing and Digital Smart Applications business revenue consists of service revenue related to data and
         internet application services RMB75.25 billion.


         In addition to the above two business revenue, other business service revenue was RMB15.34 billion. Details of
         the disaggregation of service revenue, please refer to Note 6 of the consolidated financial statements.
26 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited                                                               Annual Report 2023 27




RECOGNITION
AND AWARDS




                                      For more information, please visit the Company’s website at www.chinaunicom.com.hk
28 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR
MANAGEMENT
                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 29




CHEN ZHONGYUE
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer



Aged 52, a university graduate with a master's degree in Economics, was appointed
in December 2023 as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr.
Chen was appointed in February 2021 as an Executive Director of the Company. Mr.
Chen served as Deputy General Manager of China Telecom Zhejiang branch,
Managing Director of the Public Customers Department of China Telecom, General
Manager of China Telecom Shanxi branch, Vice President of China
Telecommunications Corporation, Executive Director and Executive Vice President of
China Telecom Corporation Limited, General Manager of China United Network
Communications Group Company Limited ("Unicom Group"), the President of China
United Network Communications Limited ("A Share Company"), the President of
China United Network Communications Corporation Limited ("CUCL"), the President
of the Company. Mr. Chen is currently the Chairman of Unicom Group, A Share
Company and CUCL. Mr. Chen has extensive experience in management and the
telecommunications industry.
30 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




                                      WANG JUNZHI
                                      Executive Director



                                      Aged 59, a postgraduate with a master's degree in Engineering, was appointed in
                                      December 2021 as an Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Wang served as
                                      Deputy Director General and Director General of the Department of Labor
                                      Protection of All-China Federation of Trade Unions ("ACFTU"), Chairman of the
                                      National Committee of the Trade Union of the Energy and Chemistry Sector of China,
                                      Director General of the Department of Labor and Economic Work of ACFTU,
                                      Secretary of the Secretariat of ACFTU, a member of the 15th and 16th Executive
                                      Committee of ACFTU as well as a member of the 16th Presidium of ACFTU. Mr.
                                      Wang is currently a Director of Unicom Group, a Director of A Share Company as well
                                      as a Director of CUCL. Mr. Wang has extensive experience in management.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2023 31




LIANG BAOJUN
Senior Vice President



Aged 54, a university graduate with a master's degree in Engineering, was appointed
in February 2018 as a Senior Vice President of the Company. Mr. Liang served as
Deputy General Manager of Beijing Branch of China Telecom Corporation Limited, as
well as General Manager of Henan Branch of China Telecommunications
Corporation, General Manager of Corporate Informatisation Department, General
Manager of Government and Enterprise Customers Department of China
Telecommunications Corporation. Mr. Liang also serves as Vice General Manager
and the Chief Network Security Officer of Unicom Group, Senior Vice President of A
Share Company as well as Director and Senior Vice President of CUCL. Mr. Liang has
extensive experience in management and telecommunications industry.
32 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




                                      HE BIAO
                                      Senior Vice President



                                      Aged 52, a university graduate with a doctorate degree of Business Administration,
                                      was appointed in June 2020 as a Senior Vice President of the Company. Mr. He
                                      served as Deputy General Manager and General Manager of Guangdong Branch of
                                      China Unicom as well as Chairman of China Unicom (Guangdong) Industrial Internet
                                      Co., Ltd.. Mr. He also serves as a Vice General Manager of Unicom Group, a Senior
                                      Vice President of A Share Company as well as a Director and Senior Vice President of
                                      CUCL. Mr. He has extensive experience in management and telecommunications
                                      industry.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2023 33




TANG YONGBO
Senior Vice President



Aged 50, a postgraduate with a master's degree in Business Administration, was
appointed in December 2021 as a Senior Vice President of the Company. Mr. Tang
served as Deputy General Manager and General Manager of Hunan Branch of China
Unicom, General Manager of Marketing Department of Unicom Group. He was a
Deputy to the 13th National People's Congress. Mr. Tang is currently a Non-
Executive Director of China Tower Corporation Limited (listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange), a Non-Executive Director of China Communications Services
Corporation Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), a Non-Executive
Director of HKT Limited (HKT Trust and HKT Limited are listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange) and HKT Management Limited (the trustee manager of the HKT
Trust), a Non-Executive Director and the Deputy Chairman of the Board of PCCW
Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with an American Depositary
Receipts trading on OTC Markets Group Inc.), Vice General Manager of Unicom
Group, Senior Vice President of A Share Company, Director and Senior Vice President
of CUCL, as well as Director of certain member of the Group. Mr. Tang has extensive
experience in management and the telecommunications industry.
34 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




                                      LI YUZHUO
                                      Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer



                                      Aged 51, a postgraduate with a master's degree in Business Administration, was
                                      appointed in February 2022 as an Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of
                                      the Company. Ms. Li served as Director of the Finance Department of China ENFI
                                      Engineering Corporation Limited, Vice President of China ENFI Engineering
                                      Corporation, Head of the Capital Department and Secretary of the Board of Directors
                                      of China Metallurgical Group Corporation (Metallurgical Corporation of China
                                      Limited), and Head of the Capital Operation Department of China Minmetals
                                      Corporation. Ms. Li is currently Chief Accountant of Unicom Group, Board Secretary
                                      and Financial Controller of A Share Company, the Director and the Chief Financial
                                      Officer of CUCL, as well as Director of certain member of the Group. Ms. Li has
                                      extensive experience in financial investment and capital operation.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2023 35




CAO XINGXIN
Senior Vice President



Aged 57, a postgraduate with a master's degree in Literature, was appointed in
March 2023 as a Senior Vice President of the Company. Mr. Cao served as Deputy
Director General of the Bureau of Officials of the CPC Central Committee and State
Organs of the Organization Department of the CPC Central Committee (COD),
Bureau-level official and Deputy Director of the Office of Civil Servants
Administration of COD, Deputy Director General and Bureau-level official at level 1 of
the (Third) Bureau of Civil Servants of COD, Deputy Head (Bureau Chief level) of the
National Institute for Party Leadership of COD. Mr. Cao is currently Vice General
Manager and General Counsel of Unicom Group, Senior Vice President and General
Counsel of A Share Company as well as Director, Senior Vice President and General
Counsel of CUCL. Mr. Cao has extensive experience in management.
36 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




                                      CHEUNG WING LAM LINUS
                                      Independent Non-Executive Director



                                      Aged 75, was appointed in May 2004 as an Independent Non-Executive Director of
                                      the Company. Mr. Cheung is an Independent Non-Executive Director of HKR
                                      International Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange). Mr. Cheung was a
                                      member of the University of Hong Kong Council, Chairman of the University of Hong
                                      Kong School of Professional and Continuing Education, Chairman of Asia Television
                                      Limited, Deputy Chairman of PCCW Limited, Independent Non-Executive Directors of
                                      Taikang Life Insurance Company Limited and Sotheby's, as well as President of the
                                      Chartered Institute of Marketing (Hong Kong Region). Prior to the merger of Pacific
                                      Century Cyberworks Limited and Hong Kong Telecom Limited, Mr. Cheung was the
                                      Chief Executive of Hong Kong Telecom Limited and an Executive Director of Cable &
                                      Wireless plc in the United Kingdom. Mr. Cheung worked at Cathay Pacific Airways for
                                      23 years, leaving as Deputy Managing Director. He was appointed an Official Justice
                                      of the Peace in 1990 and a Non-official Justice of the Peace in 1992. Mr. Cheung
                                      received a bachelor's degree in social sciences and a diploma in management studies
                                      from the University of Hong Kong. He is also an Honorary Fellow of the University of
                                      Hong Kong and of The Chartered Institute of Marketing in the United Kingdom.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2023 37




WONG WAI MING
Independent Non-Executive Director



Aged 66, was appointed in January 2006 as an Independent Non-Executive Director
of the Company. Mr. Wong is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Lenovo Group Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange). Mr. Wong was
previously an investment banker with over 15 years of experience in investment
banking business in Greater China and was a member of the Listing Committee of
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Mr. Wong is a chartered accountant and
holds a bachelor's degree (with Honors) in management science from the Victoria
University of Manchester in the United Kingdom.
38 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




                                      CHUNG SHUI MING TIMPSON
                                      Independent Non-Executive Director



                                      Aged 72, was appointed in October 2008 as an Independent Non-Executive Director
                                      of the Company. Mr. Chung is the Pro-Chancellor of the City University of Hong Kong.
                                      Besides, Mr. Chung is an Independent Non Executive Director of The Miramar Hotel
                                      and Investment Company, Limited, China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited,
                                      China Everbright Limited, China Railway Group Limited, Orient Overseas
                                      (International) Limited and Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Limited (all listed on the
                                      Hong Kong Stock Exchange). From October 2004 to October 2008, Mr. Chung served
                                      as an Independent Non-Executive Director of China Netcom Group Corporation
                                      (Hong Kong) Limited. Formerly, he was the Chairman of China Business of Jardine
                                      Fleming Holdings Limited and the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of BOC
                                      International Limited. He was also the Director-General of Democratic Alliance for
                                      the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong, the Chairman of the Advisory
                                      Committee on Arts Development, the Chairman of the Council of the City University
                                      of Hong Kong, the Chairman of the Hong Kong Housing Society, a member of the
                                      Executive Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Vice
                                      Chairman of the Land Fund Advisory Committee of Hong Kong Special Administrative
                                      Region Government, a member of the Managing Board of the Kowloon-Canton
                                      Railway Corporation, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority, a member of
                                      the Disaster Relief Fund Advisory Committee, a member of the National Committee
                                      of the 10th to 13th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, an
                                      Independent Non-Executive Director of Henderson Land Development Company
                                      Limited, Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited, China Construction Bank
                                      Corporation, Jinmao Hotel and Jinmao (China) Hotel Investments and Management
                                      Limited and Glorious Sun Enterprises Limited, an Independent Director of China
                                      Everbright Bank Company Limited and China State Construction Eng. Corp. Ltd. and
                                      an Outside Director of China Mobile Communications Corporation and China COSCO
                                      Shipping Corporation Limited. Mr. Chung holds a bachelor of science degree from
                                      the University of Hong Kong and a master's degree in business administration from
                                      the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Mr. Chung also received an honorary doctoral
                                      degree in Social Science from the City University of Hong Kong in 2010. Mr. Chung is
                                      a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2023 39




LAW FAN CHIU FUN FANNY
Independent Non-Executive Director



Aged 71, was appointed in November 2012 as an Independent Non-Executive
Director of the Company. Mrs. Law is currently a Director of the Fan Family Trust
Fund and the Honorary Principal of Ningbo Huizhen Academy. Besides, Mrs. Law is
an Independent Non-Executive Director of Nameson Holdings Limited, Minmetals
Land Limited, China Taiping Insurance Holdings Company Limited and New World
Development Company Limited (all listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange). Mrs.
Law served as a Member of the Executive Council of the Government of the Hong
Kong Special Administrative Region ("HKSAR"), a Deputy of HKSAR to the National
People's Congress of the People's Republic of China, Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation, an Independent
Non-Executive Director of DTXS Silk Road Investment Holdings Company Limited and
CLP Holdings Limited and an External Director of China Resources (Holdings) Co.,
Limited. Prior to her retirement from the civil service in 2007, Mrs. Law was the
Commissioner of the Hong Kong Independent Commission Against Corruption.
During her 30 years as an Administrative Officer, Mrs. Law has worked in many
fields, including medical and health, economic services, housing, land and planning,
home affairs, social welfare, civil service, transport and education. Mrs. Law
graduated from the University of Hong Kong with an Honours degree in Science, and
in 2009 was named an outstanding alumnus of the Science Faculty of the University
of Hong Kong. She received a Master degree in Public Administration from Harvard
University and was named a Littauer Fellow of Harvard University. She also holds a
Master degree in Education from the Chinese University of Hong Kong and is a
Fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors.
40 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                      The Board believes that a healthy corporate culture is the core of good corporate
                                      governance. China Unicom persistently enhances the development of corporate
                                      culture, and insists on strengthen and solidify, preserve and innovate, and integrate
                                      and open, deeply implements the strategies to build a strong enterprise, i.e. via
                                      technology, talent, reform, digital and smart transformation, and brand, in order to
                                      accelerate becoming a world-class technology service enterprise with global
                                      competitiveness. China Unicom plays the role of the leading contributor of digital
                                      information operation and services and the pioneer of digital technology integration
                                      and innovation. It nurtures an excellent corporate culture and consistently promotes
                                      the core values of “Customer-oriented, Employee-friendly, Attentive to quality service,
                                      Inherently innovative, Proud of endeavours, Adhering to integrity”. It also adheres to
                                      the corporate style of “Rigorous, Pragmatic, Skillful, Meticulous, Efficient”. The
                                      management philosophy of “Create value for customers, Dually driven by market and
                                      innovation, One China Unicom with integrated capabilities and operating services” has
                                      been established. The penetration and integration of China Unicom’s corporate culture
                                      philosophy into production and operation, integrating the corporate culture into the
                                      entire process of production, operation and management, which help enhancing and
                                      improving the operational effectiveness and management efficiency while ensuring
                                      the ideal corporate culture has been reflected in the company’s strategies, business
                                      models and operating practices.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023 41




The Board is committed to high standards of corporate       performing overall corporate governance duties. The
governance and recognises that good governance is vital     Company has adopted a Corporate Governance Practice
for the long-term success and sustainability of the         which sets out the key terms of reference of the Board
Company’s business. The Board will persistently             on corporate governance functions, including, amongst
enhance the corporate governance of the Company by          others, developing and reviewing the Corporate
promoting corporate culture philosophy and core values      Governance Policy and corporate governance practices
at all levels of the Company. We hope all our executives,   of the Company; reviewing and monitoring the training
management and employees would implement the                and continuous professional development of Directors
practice and integrate “integrity and self-discipline,      and senior management; reviewing and monitoring the
uphold integrity and anti-corruption” into the              Company’s policies and practices on compliance with
ideological foundation to serve as the basic code of        legal and regulatory requirements; developing,
conduct for practitioners, while complying with laws and    reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and
regulations, operates in compliance with regulations        compliance manual applicable to employees and
and be honest and self-disciplined. And adhering to the     Directors; and reviewing the Company’s compliance
ethical concept and code of conduct of honesty,             with the Corporate Governance Code and the disclosure
trustworthiness and due diligence, and strive to            in “Corporate Governance Report”.
maximize the interests of customers, shareholders,
employees and society. The scope of the relevant basic      In 2023, the Company’s continuous efforts in corporate
code of conduct covers matters related to legislation,      governance gained wide recognition from the capital
regulation and ethics, including but not limited to         markets and the Company was accredited with a
principles of honesty and trustworthiness, conflict of      number of awards. The Company was voted as “Asia’s
interest, handling of stakeholder relations, information    Most Honored Telecom Company” for eight years in a
disclosure and confidentiality, protection of company       row in “2023 All-Asia Executive Team” ranking organised
assets, reporting and punishment. As a company              by the authoritative financial magazine, Institutional
incorporated in Hong Kong, the Company adopts the           Investor. Meanwhile, the Company was also honored
Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong        with “Asia’s Best Board (Telecoms)” and “Asia’s Best IR
Kong), the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong         Team (Telecoms)”. The Company was voted as “Best
Kong and other related laws and regulations as the basic    Overall Company in China — Gold” in “Asia’s Best
guidelines for the Company’s corporate governance. As       Managed Companies Poll 2023” organised by
a company listed in Hong Kong, the current articles of      FinanceAsia, an authoritative financial magazine. The
association are in compliance with the Rules Governing      Company was awarded “Asia’s Best CSR” by Corporate
the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong     Governance Asia. The Company was accredited with
Kong Limited. These rules serve as guidance for the         “Platinum Award — Excellence in Environmental, Social,
Company to improve the foundation of its corporate          and Governance” in “The Asset ESG Corporate Awards
governance, and the Company strives to comply with          2023”. The Company was awarded “ESG Leading
the relevant requirements of international and local        Enterprise” in “ESG Leading Enterprise 2023” by
corporate governance best practices. The Company has        Bloomberg Businessweek and Deloitte.
regularly published statements relating to its risk
management and internal control in accordance with          Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in
relevant regulatory requirement to confirm its              Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of
compliance with related risk management and                 Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
corporate internal control requirements and other           (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) (the “Listing Rules”)
regulatory requirements. The Board is responsible for       provides for code provisions (the “Code Provisions”) and
42 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            recommended best practices with respect to (i) corporate purpose, strategy and governance, (ii) board composition
                            and nomination, (iii) directors’ responsibilities, delegation and board proceedings, (iv) audit, internal control and risk
                            management, (v) remuneration and (vi) shareholders engagement. Other than the disclosures made in the section
                            headed “Board of Directors” below, the Company confirms that for the year ended 31 December 2023, it complied
                            with all the Code Provisions.


                            BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                            To serve the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, the Board is responsible for reviewing and
                            approving major corporate matters, including, amongst others, business strategies and budgets, major investments,
                            capital market operations, as well as mergers and acquisitions. The Board is also responsible for monitoring risk
                            management and internal control, reviewing environmental, social and governance strategies, reviewing and
                            approving the announcements periodically published by the Company regarding its business results and operating
                            activities. There is no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s) between the Board
                            members.


                            In order to achieve a sustainable and balanced development, the Company views Board diversity as a key element for
                            supporting its strategic goals and maintaining sustainable development. The Board membership maintains wide
                            representation. Members of the Board consist of outstanding individuals from different professions. Currently, the
                            Board comprises seven Directors, including three executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors.
                            Particulars of the Directors are set out on pages 28 to 39 of this annual report. The Company believes that the Board
                            currently comprises experts from diversified professions such as telecommunications, technology, banking, finance,
                            investment and management, and is diversified in terms of gender, age, duration of service, educational background,
                            professional experience, etc., which contributes to the enhanced management standard and more regulated
                            operation of corporate governance of the Company, and results in a more comprehensive and balanced Board
                            structure and decision-making process.


                            The below sets out the analysis of the current composition of the Board:




                                DESIGNATION                                                  GENDER


                                          3                     4                                              5                     2
                                                                       Independent
                                                 Executive             Non-Executive
                                                 Directors             Directors                                     Male                   Female




                                                                                             DURATION OF SERVICE
                                AGE GROUP                                                    (YEAR)


                                          2      45-54       1   55-64      4     >65                          3     <5              4      >10
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023 43




The roles and responsibilities of the Chairman and the      disclosed in this annual report, do not have any business
Chief Executive Officer of the Company were performed       with or financial interests in the Company, its holding
by the same individual for the year ended 31 December       company or subsidiaries, and have confirmed their
2023. The Company considers that, as all major              independence to the Company upon appointment and
decisions are made by the Board and relevant Board          annually. The Company considers that all independent
Committees after discussion, through supervision by the     non-executive Directors are currently independent. Such
Board and the independent non-executive Directors           mechanisms enable independent views and inputs are
together with effective internal control mechanism, the     available to the Board in an effective way, and the Board
Company has achieved a balance of power and                 will review the implementation and effectiveness of
authority. In addition, the same individual performing      such mechanisms on an annual basis. The functions of
the roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive           non-executive Directors include, amongst other things,
Officer can enhance the Company’s efficiency in             attending board meetings, exercising independent
decision-making and execution, effectively capturing        judgements at meetings, playing a leading role in
business opportunities.                                     resolving any potential conflicts of interest, serving on
                                                            committees by invitation and carefully examining
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company            whether the performance of the Company has reached
had 4 independent non-executive Directors                   the planned corporate targets and objectives, and
representing over one-third of the Board with 2             monitoring and reporting on matters relating to the
independent non-executive Director possessing               performance of the Company. With respect to the
appropriate professional accounting or related financial    nomination and appointment of new directors and
management expertise as required under Rule 3.10 of         senior management members and the succession
the Listing Rules. All independent non-executive            planning for Directors, the Nomination Committee
Directors of the Company possess good knowledge and         would, after considering the Company’s need for new
experience in different areas. The Company has              directors and/or senior management members, identify
established various channels for independent non-           a wide range of candidates from within the Company
executive Directors to express their views in an open       and the human resources market and make
and honest manner and, if necessary, in a confidential      recommendations to the Board. The Nomination
manner. The independent non-executive Directors have        Committee will consider candidates on merit against
been making positive contributions to the development       objective criteria and with due regard to the benefits of
of the Company’s strategies and policies through            diversity on the Board, including but not limited to
independent, constructive and informed advice. Apart        gender, age, cultural and educational background,
from the regular Board meeting, the Chairman meets          professional experience, skills, knowledge and duration
annually with independent non-executive Directors,          of service. After having obtained the consent from
without the presence of other Directors, which further      candidates in relation to the relevant nomination and
promotes the exchange of diversified views and              based on the Company’s actual needs, the Board would
opinions. Independent non-executive Directors have          convene a meeting, attendees of which include non-
maintained close contact with the management and            executive Directors, to consider the qualifications of the
actively express constructive opinions on matters           candidates. The Directors of the Company (including
relating to corporate governance, operation                 non-executive Directors) are not appointed for a specific
management, risk prevention and the capital market at       term. However, pursuant to the Company’s articles of
board meetings. These views and opinions facilitate the     association, one-third of the directors shall retire from
Board in making their decisions in the shareholders’ best   office by rotation and shall be eligible for re-election at
interests. All independent non-executive Directors,         each annual general meeting.
except for their equity interests and remuneration
44 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            Every newly appointed Director is provided with a comprehensive, formal and tailored induction on appointment,
                            including but not limited to the “Guidelines on Directors’ Duties” published by the Hong Kong Companies Registry
                            and the “Guidelines for Directors” published by the Hong Kong Institute of Directors. Directors have fiduciary
                            responsibilities to the Company. They must not exercise their powers for improper purposes. They must not use the
                            Company’s opportunities to serve their own interests. Their personal interests are not allowed to conflict with the
                            Company’s interests, and they must not abuse the Company’s assets. The Director would subsequently receive all
                            briefing and professional development necessary to ensure that he/she has proper understanding of the Company’s
                            operations and businesses, full understanding of his/her responsibilities under the statutes, the common law, the
                            Listing Rules, applicable legal and regulatory requirements, and the Company’s business and corporate governance
                            policies. Furthermore, formal letters of appointment setting out the key terms and conditions of the Directors’
                            appointment will be duly prepared.


                            Directors’ training is an ongoing process. The Company regularly invites various professionals to provide trainings on
                            the latest changes and development of the legal and regulatory requirements as well as the market and/or industrial
                            environment to Directors. In 2023, the Directors as at 31 December 2023 have participated in various training and
                            continuous professional development activities and the summary of which is as follows:



                                                                                                                               Types of training



                             Executive Director

                             Chen Zhongyue (Chairman)                                                                                       A, B

                             Wang Junzhi                                                                                                    A, B

                             Li Yuzhuo                                                                                                      A, B



                             Independent Non-Executive Director

                             Cheung Wing Lam Linus                                                                                          A, B

                             Wong Wai Ming                                                                                                  A, B

                             Chung Shui Ming Timpson                                                                                        A, B

                             Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                                                                                         A, B


                            A:        attending relevant seminars and/or conferences and/or forums; delivering speeches at relevant seminars and/or
                                      conferences and/or forums


                            B:        reading or writing relevant newspapers, journals and articles relating to general economy, general business,
                                      telecommunications, corporate governance, business ethics or directors’ duties
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023 45




The Company has determined remuneration policy. The         dividends, major investments, equity-related capital
proposed remuneration package of Directors of the           market operations, mergers and acquisitions, major
Company will be determined by the Remuneration              connected transactions and annual internal control
Committee, subject to approval by the Board and in          evaluation. The arrangements on delegation of powers
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and            and responsibilities to management are reviewed by the
policies, and taking into account the responsibilities of   Board periodically to ensure that they remain
such person in the Company, his experience and              appropriate to the needs of the Company.
performance as well as the prevailing market
conditions. The remuneration package for executive          The Board convenes meetings regularly and all Directors
Directors includes salary and performance-linked annual     have adequate opportunity to be present at the
bonuses. The remuneration of executive Directors is         meetings and to include matters for discussion in the
determined by reference to their respective duties and      meeting agenda. Notices of regular board meetings are
responsibilities in the Company, their respective           delivered to the Directors at least 14 days in advance of
experience, prevailing market conditions and applicable     the meetings. The Company delivers, on a best
regulatory requirements while the award of the              endeavor basis, all documents for regular board
performance-linked annual bonuses is tied to the            meetings to the Directors for review at least one week
attainment of key performance indicators or targets set     prior to the meetings (and ensures that all documents
by the Company. The remuneration of non-executive           are delivered to the Directors no less than three days
Directors is determined by reference to prevailing          prior to the regular meetings as required by the Code
market conditions and their respective responsibilities     Provisions).
and workload from serving as non-executive Directors
and members of the board committees of the Company.         The Company Secretary, being an employee of the
The Company also adopted share option scheme for the        Company, has day-to-day knowledge of the Company’s
purpose of providing long term incentives to eligible       affairs and reports to the Chairman of the Board. The
participants, including Directors (details of such share    Company Secretary keeps close contact with all
option scheme are set out in the paragraph headed           Directors and ensures that the operation of the Board
“Share Scheme of the Company” on pages 70 to 71 of          and all board committees is in compliance with the
this annual report). The remuneration for each Director     procedures as set forth in the Company’s articles of
and the remuneration of senior management by band           association and the charters of the board committees.
are disclosed on pages 144 to 146 of this annual report.    Additionally, the Company Secretary is responsible for
In addition to the remuneration, the Company has            compiling and regularly submitting draft minutes of
arranged appropriate insurance coverage in respect of       board meetings and committee meetings to the
legal action against the Directors.                         Directors and committee members for their review and
                                                            comments, and final versions of minutes for their
The Board has provided clear guidelines for delegation      records, within a reasonable time after the relevant
of powers and responsibilities to management.               meetings. Each Director may obtain advice from and the
However, certain important matters must be decided          services of the Company Secretary to ensure that board
only by the Board, including, but not limited to, long-     procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations, are
term objectives and strategies, annual budget, initial      followed.
announcements on quarterly, interim and final results,
46 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            Physical board meetings will be held for the selection,       annually with independent non-executive Directors,
                            appointment or dismissal of the Company Secretary. To         without the presence of other Directors, which further
                            ensure the possession of up-to-date knowledge and             promotes the exchange of diversified views and
                            market information to perform her duties, the Company         opinions. In order to ensure that all Directors have
                            Secretary attended over 15 hours of professional              appropriate knowledge of the matters discussed at the
                            training in 2023.                                             meetings, adequate, accurate, clear, complete and
                                                                                          reliable information regarding those matters is provided
                            The Directors may, upon request, obtain independent           in advance and in a timely manner, and all Directors
                            professional advice at the expense of the Company. In         have the right to inspect documents and information in
                            addition, if any substantial shareholder of the Company       relation to matters to be decided by the Board. The
                            or any Directors has significant conflicts of interest in a   Directors have frequently visited various branches in
                            matter to be resolved, the Board will convene a board         Mainland China to gain better understanding of the
                            meeting in respect of such matter and those Directors         Company’s daily operations. In addition, the Company
                            who have conflicts of interest must abstain from voting       has arranged relevant trainings for the Directors (which
                            and will not be counted in the quorum of the meeting.         include training sessions conducted by professional
                                                                                          advisers, such as lawyers and accountants, from time to
                            All Directors are required to devote sufficient time and      time) in order to broaden their knowledge in the
                            attention to the affairs of the Company. A culture of         relevant areas and to improve their understanding of
                            openness and debate are promoted in the Board and             the Company’s business, legal and regulatory
                            the Directors are encouraged to express their views and       requirements and the latest operational technologies.
                            concerns. The Company provides monthly operating              The Board also conducts annual evaluation of its
                            update to the Directors, so as to ensure the Directors        performance. Such efforts have improved the corporate
                            are familiar with the Company’s latest operations. In         governance of the Company.
                            addition, through regular board meetings and reports
                            from management, the Directors are able to clearly            In 2023, the Board held four board meetings and passed
                            understand the operations, business strategy and latest       one written resolution for, amongst other things,
                            development of the Company and the industry. Besides          discussion and approval of important matters such as
                            formal board meetings, the Chairman also meets                the 2022 annual results, the 2023 annual budget, the
                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023 47




2023 interim results, the first and the first three quarters results for 2023, sustainability report, reports on risk
management and internal control, amendment of the articles of association, and the amendment of the
remuneration committee charter, appointment of chairman and chief executive officer, appointment of senior vice
president.


Set forth below is an overview of the attendance during the year of 2023 by the Board members at various meetings:


                                                        Meetings Attended/Held During Each Director’s Tenure

                                                                Audit      Remuneration         Nomination
                                               Board        Committee        Committee          Committee      Shareholders
                                              Meeting         Meeting          Meeting            Meeting          Meeting



 Executive Directors
 Chen Zhongyue (Chairman) 1                       4/4                N/A             N/A               N/A             0/1
 Liu Liehong 2
                                                  2/2                N/A             N/A                1/1            1/1
 Wang Junzhi                                      3/4                N/A             N/A               N/A             0/1
 Li Yuzhuo                                        3/4                N/A             N/A               N/A             1/1


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Cheung Wing Lam Linus                            4/4                4/4             1/1               N/A             1/1
 Wong Wai Ming                                    3/4                3/4             0/1               N/A             1/1
 Chung Shui Ming Timpson                          4/4                4/4             1/1                1/1            1/1
 Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                           4/4                4/4             N/A                1/1            1/1


Note 1: On 2 December 2023, Mr. Chen Zhongyue was appointed as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
             Company and has ceased to serve concurrently as the President of the Company.


Note 2: On 30 July 2023, Mr. Liu Liehong resigned as executive Director of the Company and ceased to serve as the
             Chairman and Chief Executive Director of the Company.


Note 3: Certain Directors (including non-executive Director) did not attend the shareholders meeting and meetings of the
             Board and Committees due to other business commitments or being overseas.


In 2023, the Board performed their fiduciary duties and devoted sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the
Company. The Board works effectively and performs its responsibilities efficiently with all key and appropriate issues
being discussed and approved in a timely manner.
48 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            The Company has adopted the “Model Code for                  Audit Committee Composition
                            Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers” as   Currently the Audit Committee comprised Mr. Wong
                            set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules (the “Model      Wai Ming, Mr. Cheung Wing Lam Linus, Mr. Chung Shui
                            Code”) to govern securities transactions by directors.       Ming Timpson and Mrs. Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny, all
                            Further to the specific enquiries made by the Company        being independent non-executive Directors of the
                            to the Directors, all Directors have confirmed their         Company. The Chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr.
                            compliance with the Model Code for the year ended 31         Wong Wai Ming. All members of the Audit Committee
                            December 2023.                                               have satisfied the “independence” requirements in
                                                                                         relation to an Audit Committee member under
                            The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for         applicable laws, regulations and rules. The Chairman of
                            preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31     the Audit Committee is an accountant with expertise
                            December 2023, which give a true and fair view of the        and experience in accounting and financial
                            financial position of the Company as at the statement of     management. Another member of the Audit Committee
                            financial position date and financial performance and        is also an accountant with extensive accounting
                            cash flows of the Company for the year ended the             professional experience.
                            statement of financial position date, are properly
                            prepared on the going concern basis in accordance with       Major Responsibilities
                            relevant statutory requirements and applicable financial     The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee
                            reporting standards. A statement of the independent          include: as the key representative body, overseeing the
                            auditors about their reporting responsibilities related to   Company’s relationship with the independent auditor,
                            the financial statements is set out in the independent       considering and approving the appointment, resignation
                            auditor’s report on pages 88 to 92 of this annual report.    and removal of the independent auditor; pre- approval
                                                                                         of services and fees to be provided by the independent
                            COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD                                   auditor based on the established pre-approval
                            The Company has established three committees of the          framework; supervising the independent auditor and
                            Board under the Board, the Audit Committee, the              determining the potential impact of non-audit services
                            Remuneration Committee and the Nomination                    on such auditor’s independence; reviewing quarterly
                            Committee. Each committee has a written charter,             and interim financial information as well as annual
                            which is available on the websites of the Company and        financial statements; coordinating and discussing with
                            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. From time to        the independent auditor with respect to any issues
                            time as required by the Listing Rules, the Board also        identified and recommendations made during the
                            establishes independent board committee for the              a u d i t s ; revi ewi n g c o rres p o n d en c es f ro m t he
                            purpose of advising and providing voting                     independent auditor to the management and responses
                            recommendations to independent shareholders on               of the management; discussing the risk management
                            connected transactions and transactions subject to           and internal control system with the management as
                            independent shareholders’ approval entered into by the       well as reviewing the reports on the risk management
                            Company and/or its subsidiaries. The committees are          and internal control procedures of the Company. The
                            provided with sufficient resources, including, amongst       Audit Committee set up a whistle-blowing system to
                            others, obtaining independent professional advice at the     receive and handle cases of complaints regarding the
                            expense of the Company, to perform their duties. The         Company’s financial reporting, internal control or other
                            committees report their decisions or recommendations         matters. The whistle-blowers can use, in confidence and
                            to the Board after meetings.                                 anonymity, to raise concerns about possible
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023 49




improprieties in any matter related to the Company             the financial statements and ensure the Company’s
through whistle- blowing channels. Any complaints on           compliance with the relevant requirements of the
the aforementioned subject matters can be submitted            Listing Rules with respect to audit committee.
by post (No. 21 Financial Street, Xicheng District, Beijing,
100033, China) or by phone (86-(010) 88091674). The            Remuneration Committee Composition
Audit Committee is responsible to and regularly reports        Currently the Remuneration Committee comprised Mr.
its work to the Board.                                         Cheung Wing Lam Linus, Mr. Wong Wai Ming and Mr.
                                                               Chung Shui Ming Timpson, all being independent non-
Work Completed in 2023                                         executive Directors of the Company. The Chairman of
The Audit Committee meets the Board and                        the Remuneration Committee is Mr. Cheung Wing Lam
management as well as independent auditor at least             Linus.
four times each year, and assists the Board in its review
of the financial statements to ensure effective risk           Major Responsibilities
management and internal control as well as efficient           The primary responsibilities of the Remuneration
audit. Besides, the Audit Committee meets the                  Committee include: making recommendations to the
independent auditor at least two times each year,              Board on the policies and structure for all Directors’ and
without the presence of other Directors and                    senior management’s remuneration and on the
management.                                                    establishment of a formal and transparent procedure
                                                               for developing remuneration policy; reviewing and
The Audit Committee held four meetings in 2023 for,            approving the management’s remuneration proposals
amongst other things, discussion and approval of the           with reference to the corporate goals and objectives set
2022 annual results, the 2023 interim results, and the         by the Board; making recommendations to the Board on
first and the first three quarters results for 2023. In        the remuneration packages of individual executive
addition, the Audit Committee approved in the                  Directors and senior management (including benefits in
meetings the sustainability report, the report of the          kind, pension right and compensation payments,
work of sustainability, the report on risk management,         including any compensation payable for loss or
the report on internal audit and internal control, the         termination of their office or appointment); making
report on continuing connected transaction, the                recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of
appointment, the audit fees and the audit plans of the         non-executive Directors; consulting the Chairman about
independent auditor as well as the non-audit services          the remuneration proposals for other executive
provided by the independent auditor in 2023.                   Directors; considering salaries paid by comparable
                                                               companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
The Audit Committee has performed its duties                   employment conditions elsewhere in the Group;
effectively, and enabled the Board to better monitor the       considering any concrete plan proposed by the
financial condition of the Company, supervise the risk         management of the Company for the grant of share
management and internal control (included but not              which has not been granted, and any plan to amend any
limited to operational, financial, compliance,                 existing share scheme of the Company; reviewing and
environmental, social and governance) of the Company,          approving compensation payable to executive Directors
ensure the integrity and reliability of the financial          and senior management for any loss or termination of
statements of the Company, prevent significant errors in       office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with
50 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            contractual terms; reviewing and approving                 recommendations on any proposed changes to the
                            compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or         Board to complement the corporate strategy of the
                            removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they    Company; identifying individuals suitably qualified to
                            are consistent with contractual terms; and ensuring that   become Board members and making recommendations
                            no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in    to the Board; formulating, reviewing and implementing
                            deciding his/her own remuneration.                         the board diversity policy; assessing the independence
                                                                                       of independent non-executive Directors; making
                            Work Completed in 2023                                     recommendations to the Board on the appointment or
                            The Remuneration Committee meets at least once a           re- appointment of Directors and succession planning
                            year. The Remuneration Committee held one meeting in       for Directors; providing advice to the Board on
                            2023 for, amongst other things, discussion and approval    candidates of the senior management nominated by the
                            of proposal for appraisal and remuneration of senior       CEO and on changes to the senior management of the
                            management, the amendment of remuneration                  Company.
                            committee charter.
                                                                                       Work Completed in 2023
                            The Remuneration Committee has performed its duties        The Nomination Committee meets at least once a year.
                            effectively on reviewing and approving the proposal of     The Nomination Committee held one meeting and
                            appraisal of senior management, as well as making          passed one written resolutions in 2023 for, amongst
                            recommendations to the Board with regards to the           other things, reviewing the structure, size and
                            remuneration packages for senior management.               composition of the Board, reviewing the board diversity
                                                                                       policy and its implementation, assessment of the
                            Nomination Committee Composition                           independence of independent non-executive Directors,
                            Currently the Nomination Committee comprised Mr.           making recommendations to the Board on the proposed
                            Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Chen Zhongyue and Mrs.        re-election of Directors and the appointment of
                            Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny. Except for Mr. Chen Zhongyue,      executive Directors.
                            who is the Chairman and CEO of the Company, Mr.
                            Chung Shui Ming Timpson and Mrs. Law Fan Chiu Fun          The Company has determined nomination policy. With
                            Fanny are independent non-executive Directors of the       respect to the nomination and appointment of new
                            Company. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee          directors and senior management members and the
                            is Mr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson.                            succession planning for directors, the Nomination
                                                                                       Committee would, after considering the Company’s
                            Major Responsibilities                                     need for new directors and/or senior management
                            The primary responsibilities of the Nomination             members, identify a wide range of candidates from
                            Committee include: reviewing the structure, size and       within the Company and the human resources market
                            composition (including the skills, knowledge and           and make recommendations to the Board. The
                            experience) of the Board at least annually and making      Nomination Committee will consider candidates on
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023 51




merit against objective criteria and with due regard to     and contribution that the selected candidates will bring
the benefits of diversity on the Board, including but not   to the Board. The Board and the Nomination Committee
limited to gender, age, cultural and educational            review the board diversity policy as well as its
background, professional experience, skills, knowledge      implementation and effectiveness every year to ensure
and duration of service. After having obtained the          that the board diversity policy continues to serve its
consent from candidates in relation to the relevant         purpose. Currently the Board comprises seven
nomination and based on the Company’s actual needs,         members, amongst which two members, accounting for
the Board would convene a meeting, attendees of which       29% of the whole Board, are female directors. The
include non-executive Directors, to consider the            Board considers that gender diversity is achieved in
qualifications of the candidates. Pursuant to the           respect of the Board, and targets to maintain at least the
Company’s articles of association, one-third of the         current level of female representation. In addition, the
Directors shall retire from office by rotation and be       gender proportion (Male/Female) of all employees of
eligible for re- election at each annual general meeting.   the Company is 1.62:1. The female representation in
                                                            senior management has continuously increased, from
The Company has also determined a policy concerning         11.9% in 2019 to 12.3% in 2023. The Company targets to
diversity of board members. The Company recognises          maintain at least the current level of female
and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board,        representation in the workforce (including senior
and notes increasing diversity at Board level as an         management). The Company is not aware of any
essential element in maintaining a competitive              mitigating factors or circumstances which make
advantage. All Board appointments are made on merit         achieving gender diversity across the workforce
on a selective basis, in the context of the skills and      (including senior management) more challenging or less
experience the Board as a whole requires to be              relevant. The Company strictly implemented the
effective. In reviewing Board composition, the              relevant provisions of the Labour Contract Law, adopted
Nomination Committee will consider their professional       strict inspection and control procedures in recruitment
knowledge, skills, experience and the balance of            and promotion and strictly prohibited any
diversity of perspectives which are appropriate to the      discrimination against employees in terms of age and
Company’s business model and specific needs. In             gender. The Company also ensures that the recruitment
identifying suitable candidates for appointment to the      and selection practices at all levels are appropriately
Board, the Nomination Committee will give due regard        structured so that a diverse range of candidates are
to the benefits of diversity on the Board and base on a     considered. The Company cares about female
range of diversity perspectives including but not limited   employees. It protected the rights and interests of
to gender, age, cultural and educational background,        female employees and provided targeted and
professional experience, skills, knowledge and duration     considerate services to them, to retain the female
of service. The ultimate decision will be based on merit    talents.
52 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            In addition, pursuant to the Company’s articles of association, shareholder may propose other person for election as
                            a director at general meeting. The proposal will be considered and approved in the general meeting. With regard to
                            the procedure for shareholder to propose a person for election as a director, please visit the Company’s website at
                            https://www.chinaunicom.com.hk/en/esg/cg_report.php.


                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu is the independent auditor of the Company. Apart from audit services, it also provides
                            other assurance and non-audit services. The audit committees supervised the independent auditor and determined
                            the potential impact of non-audit services on such auditor’s independence, and pre-approved the services and fees to
                            be provided by the independent auditor based on the established pre-approval framework. The remuneration paid/
                            payable to the independent auditor for provision of services in 2023 is as follows:


                                                                                                                                                   2023
                              Items                                                                           Note                 (in RMB thousands)



                              Audit services for financial statements                                           (i)                              44,480
                              Other special purpose audit and assurance services                                (ii)                             10,714
                              Non-audit services                                                               (iii)                             15,533


                            Notes:


                            (i)       Audit services for financial statements in 2023 mainly included the provision of audit service for the Company’s
                                      consolidated financial statements, and statutory audit services for the financial statements of its subsidiaries.


                            (ii)      Other special purpose audit and assurance services are the audit and assurance services other than the audit
                                      services for financial statements.

                            (iii)     Non-audit services included other services that can be reasonably provided by the independent auditor. In 2023,
                                      the provisions of non-audit services mainly included tax compliance services and other advisory services.

                            RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
                            The Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to take in
                            achieving the Company’s strategic objectives, and ensuring that the Company establishes and maintains appropriate
                            and effective risk management and internal control systems (included but not limited to operational, financial,
                            compliance, environmental, social and governance), promotes the sustainable and healthy development of the
                            Company, and enhances the Company’s operation management level and risk prevention ability. The Board should
                            oversee management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control
                            systems, and management should provide a confirmation to the Board on the effectiveness of these systems. The
                            Board acknowledges that it is its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing
                            their effectiveness.


                            Risk management and internal control systems have been designed to monitor and facilitate the accomplishment of
                            the Company’s business objectives, safeguard the Company’s assets against loss and misappropriation, ensure
                            maintenance of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial information, ensure the Company’s
                            compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate
                            the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against
                            material misstatement or loss.
                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 53




Organisation systems
The Company set up a group-wide risk management and internal control systems consisting of the Board, the
Internal Control and Risk Management Committee, the Integrated Management Department and each relevant
professional functional departments.



                      THE BOARD                                                 AUDIT COMMITTEE
              Highest decision making body                                         Supervision body




    INTERNAL CONTROL AND
                                                  COMMITTEES IN
      RISK MANAGEMENT
                                               RELATED PROFESSIONAL
          COMMITTEE
      Highest coordination and                  The cross departmental body
    deliberation body at company                   of risk management in
         management level                            professional fields




    INTERNAL CONTROL AND
  RISK MANAGEMENT OFFICE

            Daily working
            departments




         PROFESSIONAL                                                                                                          INDEPENDENT
                                                   INTERNAL AUDIT
          FUNCTIONAL                                                                                                         EXTERNAL AUDITOR
                                                     DEPARTMENT
         DEPARTMENTS
                                                      Integrated risk                                                          External Independent
     Professional internal control
                                              management and internal control                                             Internal Control evaluation body
          management and
                                              department and supervision and
       execution departments
                                                  evaluation department




Branches and                  INTERNAL CONTROL AND
Subsidiaries                    RISK MANAGEMENT
                                    COMMITTEE
                                                                                 COMMITTEES IN RELATED
                            Coordination and deliberation body                      PROFESSIONAL
                              at company management level
                                                                          With reference to the needs of CUCL and the
                                                                         Company, the cross departmental bodies of risk
                                                                          management in professional fields have been
                             INTERNAL CONTROL AND                                         established
                            RISK MANAGEMENT OFFICE
                                Daily working departments




     PROFESSIONAL FUNCTIONAL                                                  INTERNAL AUDIT
          DEPARTMENTS                                                           DEPARTMENT
   Professional internal control management            Integrated risk management and internal control department and
          and execution departments                                  supervision and evaluation department
54 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            The Company has an internal audit department with 652       Using the risk evaluation as fundamental with the
                            staff members, with officers stationed at various           adoption of Internal Control Integrated Framework
                            provincial branches. The internal audit department          issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of
                            reports directly to the Audit Committee at least twice      the Treadway Commission (the “COSO”), the Company
                            annually and is independent of the Company’s daily          established and improved internal control systems
                            operation and accounting functions. The internal audit      based on the following five fundamental components:
                            department is responsible for overall risk evaluation,
                            special risk evaluation and internal control self-testing   1.     Control Environment: Establishes the control
                            etc. It has also formulated targeted risk prevention and           environment which fulfill COSO requirements to
                            control measures, conducted risk follow-up inspections             provide the appropriate operating environment
                            and has enhanced the risk awareness of the employees,              for the effective implementation of internal
                            all of which have played an active role in the Company’s           control
                            effective support and safeguard of its operation
                            management and business development. Furthermore,           2.     Risk Evaluation: Establishes the Policy on Risk
                            with an emphasis on the effectiveness of internal                  Evaluation Management and evaluation
                            control with respect to the efficiency of operations,              mechanism, evaluates the risks to the
                            accuracy of financial information, and compliance with             achievement of its objectives across the
                            rules and regulations, the internal audit department               Company and identifies to the new risk due to
                            conducts, amongst others, internal control assessment              the changes
                            and internal audit on economic accountability. In
                            addition, the internal audit department also contributes    3.     Control Activities: Deploys appropriate policies
                            to strengthening the operation and management,                     and control procedures over the Company’s
                            improving internal control systems, mitigating                     business activities, identifies key control
                            operational risks and increasing the economic efficiency           procedures and policies of significant control
                            of the Company.                                                    activities through evaluation


                                                                                        4.     Information and Communication: Identifies
                                                                                               relevant information and communication
                                                                                               methods, establishes information and
                                                                                               communication mechanisms to aggregate and
                                                                                               delivers relevant information


                                                                                        5.     Monitoring Activities: Establishes the internal
                                                                                               control monitoring mechanism, implements the
                                                                                               monitoring procedures and adopted the before,
                                                                                               during and extensive monitoring principles, and
                                                                                               carries on the proper monitoring to the internal
                                                                                               control
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023 55




Risk evaluation and management                              that driven by the demand of Company’s high-quality
The Company has established and gradually improved          development in managing the Company’s news and
its comprehensive closed-loop risk management system        public opinions continuously. It actively expands media
for the purpose of “integrating management of day-to-       cooperation relations and guides positive public
day general risks and spontaneous critical risks”,          opinions and information, which enhances the
achieved the closed-loop management by risk                 expectations and confidence of all parties for the
evaluation, early warning and follow-up inspections to      Company’s high-quality development in the capital
ensure the effectiveness of operation management. The       market.
Company evaluated the adequacy and appropriateness
on risk and control measures according to the new           Risk of high-quality development of computing and
business model, management requirement, change of           digital smart applications business
system, adjustment of duties and findings from internal     With the vigorous development of the digital economy,
and external inspections.                                   new technologies, new business forms and new models
                                                            continue to emerge, and the profound transformation
2023 Risk evaluation result                                 brought by the deep integration of the digital and real
The followings were the major significant risks which the   economies provides a broad space for the Company’s
Company encountered and its countermeasures in              innovation and transformation, improvement of core
2023:                                                       competitiveness and sustainable development. The
                                                            Company attaches great importance to the R&D of
Network and cybersecurity risk                              innovative products, strengthens the position of
Cybersecurity is an important component of national         enterprises as the main body of scientific and
security. Cybersecurity and informatisation complement      technological innovation, and increases the layout of
each other, in the sense that security is the premise of    strategic emerging industries. It plays the role of
development and development is the guarantee of             scientific and technological innovation, industrial control
security. The Company attaches great importance to          and security support, and lead the industrial
network and cybersecurity, strictly complies with the       transformation and upgrading through technological
requirements of national laws and regulations, and          innovation.
insists on serving the construction of Cyber Superpower
and Digital China. We take the maintenance of network       Risk of fixed asset investment
and cybersecurity as an important mission of                Characterised by large investment scale, wide expertise
responsibility, and are committed to serving as the         and long project management chain, the fixed asset
leading contributor of digital information operation and    investment of telecom operators effectively controls the
services and the pioneer of digital technology              investment direction, meets the business needs of the
integration and innovation.                                 market, and puts forward higher requirements for
                                                            improving construction efficiency and investment
Public opinion risk                                         efficacy. The Company attaches great importance to
With the rapid development of self-media in recent          fixed asset investment, deepens its implementation of
years, the internet has not only increased the speed of     the new digital infrastructure plan, insists on
information dissemination, but also made information        strengthening and solidifying. We reasonably control the
development more diversified and fragmented. Properly       investment scale for the purpose of accurate
managing public opinions is an important task for the       construction, efficient operation and improvement of
Company’s reform, development, production and               investment efficacy, thus driving the Company towards
operation. The Company conscientiously fulfills the         high-quality development.
mission and tasks of a central state-owned enterprise
56 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            The scope of the 2023 overall risk evaluation covered       internal control assessment etc., so as to provide the
                            the whole Group, which included headquarter, 31             effective support for the development of the
                            provincial companies and its cities-level branch offices    sustainable growth of the Company. Internal Control
                            and subsidiaries. Through both the quantitative and         and Risk Management Office conducted inspections on
                            qualitative analysis, the Company fully considered the      effectiveness on risk management and internal control
                            changes in operating environment, business and              implementation in regular or irregular time interval,
                            policies, identified the potential risk to the Company’s    improved and enhanced risk management and internal
                            operation, and planned for the risk according to the        control designs continuously. Our Internal Audit
                            quantitative result. After reporting to each professional   Department has continued to organise our branches and
                            departments and the management, the significant risks       subsidiaries to conduct annual internal control self-
                            and the risk level of the year were finally determined.     assessment based on the actual conditions of each unit
                            The annual risk management instructions from the            and improve the quality of such self- assessment tasks,
                            management were implemented according to the Policy         so as to gradually develop a quantitative internal
                            on Risk Management and the Company’s risk                   assessment regime governed by uniform standards.
                            management requirement. This included the                   Through the effective rectification of issues identified
                            formulation of relevant risk management strategies,         during the audit, assessment of the internal control
                            solution and corresponding departments carried out          system and its implementation, improvements made to
                            interim follow-up inspection works. The negative            the system and process optimisation, a long-term
                            impacts arising from the risks and risk events were         mechanism for closed-loop management in internal
                            controlled as planned and were within an acceptable         control has been put in place. According to the internal
                            range. There were no significant control failings or        control self-assessment reports from the branches and
                            weaknesses that have been identified during the year.       subsidiaries, self- assessment reports from each
                                                                                        professional department, current year exceptional
                            Monitoring and Optimisation                                 issues in internal control discovered during internal
                            To ensure the effectiveness of risk management and          audit and the Company annual risk management report,
                            internal control designs, the Company carried out risk      the Group’s Internal Control and Risk Management
                            evaluation timely and compared the risk points,             Office at its headquarter formed the Company’s internal
                            formulated or enhanced corresponding internal control       control self-assessment report, which acted as
                            measures according to the change in business and            supporting document for the management to issue a
                            management. At the same time, the internal control          statement of the effectiveness of internal control. Based
                            manual will be updated timely through the assessment        on different disclosure requirements on Company’s
                            and review on applications on internal control workflow     internal control assessment report from different listing
                            modification submitted by professional departments,         regulatory body, the Company prepared internal control
                            risk evaluation reports and exceptional issues from         assessment report respectively.
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023 57




As a telecommunications operator, the Company is              telecom and online fraud to consolidate corporate
subject to the laws and regulations, e.g., relevant           responsibility. The Company also devotes significant
provisions in the Cybersecurity Law of the People’s           resources to network security, data security and other
Republic of China, Data Security Law of the People’s          security measures to protect its systems and data and in
Republic of China, Personal Information Protection Law        response to the evolving cybersecurity laws and
of the People’s Republic of China and Anti-Telecom and        regulations. The Company also employs risk
Online Fraud Law of the People’s Republic of China,           management and internal control systems. including,
designed to protect critical information infrastructure.      among other things, (i) continuously strengthening data
Personal privacy, information security, and data              security capabilities, such as improving data encryption,
protection are increasingly significant issues in China       protection of critical information infrastructure and
and other jurisdictions in which the Company operate.         security of supply chain of the information technology
For example, Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic       products and services; (ii) establishing data protection
of China published in 2016 which sets forth the general       compliance policies and guidelines, including training on
framework regulating network products, equipment and          crisis management and compliance of cybersecurity
services, as well as the operation and maintenance of         laws and regulations; (iv) self-examining potential risks
information networks, the protection of personal data,        and weakness of data system and updating private
and the supervision and administration of cybersecurity       policy; (iv) enhancing the real-time monitoring and
in China. The Data Security Law of the People’s Republic      alarm reporting system and implementing an
of China and Personal Information Protection Law of the       emergency action plan to allow the Company to act
People’s Republic of China published in 2021 further          responsively and minimise losses in the event of an
regulate data and personal information processing             emergency; and (v) continuously improving compliance
activities, and protect the legitimate rights and interests   efforts through enhanced sharing of relevant knowledge
of individuals and organisations from being infringed.        internally and externally. The Company is required to
The Anti-Telecom and Online Fraud Law of the People’s         perform a security assessment when transferring
Republic of China published in 2022 which clearly stated      personal information and important data overseas if
that telecommunications, finance, and network                 such personal information and important data are
institutions are the main anti-fraud entities, and carry      collected and generated from the operation in China.
out targeted system design for various aspects of
58 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            Annual review                                              Information Disclosure Controls and Procedural
                            The Board oversees the Company’s risk management           Standards
                            and internal control systems on an ongoing basis and       In order to further enhance the Company’s system of
                            the Board conducted an annual review of the risk           information disclosure, and to ensure the truthfulness,
                            management and internal control systems of the             accuracy, completeness and timeliness of its public
                            Company and its subsidiaries for the financial year        disclosures (including inside information), the Company
                            ended 31 December 2023, which covered all material         has adopted and implemented the Information
                            controls including financial, operational and compliance   Disclosure Control Policy. In an effort to standardise the
                            controls. After receiving the reports from the Internal    principles for information disclosures, the Company
                            Audit Department, as well as the confirmation from the     established the Information Disclosure Review
                            management to the Board on the effectiveness of these      Committee under the management and formulated the
                            systems, the Board is of the view that the Company’s       procedures in connection with the compilation and
                            risk management and internal control systems is            reporting of the Company’s financial and operational
                            effective and adequate. The review also ensure the         statistics and other information, as well as the
                            adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and            procedures in connection with the preparation and
                            experience, training programmes and budget of the          review of the periodic reports. Moreover, the Company
                            Company’s accounting, internal audit, financial            established detailed implementation rules with respect
                            reporting function, as well as those relating to the       to the contents and requirements of financial data
                            Company’s ESG performance and reporting.                   verification, in particular, the upward undertakings by
                                                                                       the individual responsible officers at the major
                                                                                       departments.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023 59




Policy and Work of Anti-corruption                         foster the establishment of a good reporting order in
China Unicom always adheres to the principles of           the form of letters and visits, and continuously improve
“rigorous tone, rigorous measures and rigorous             the standardisation level of work.
environment”, promotes the idea of “deter, disable and
discourage”, promote anti-corruption and anti-             Improving the punishment mechanism: the Company
privileged, further consolidating and expanding the        further regulated the rules and regulations for
results of anti-corruption.                                disciplinary actions against suspected target of illegal
                                                           crime monitoring. It strengthened the bridging
Strengthening the anti-corruption system                   mechanism for handling corruption cases, and
In 2023, the Company continued to strengthen the           intensified the seriousness, standardness and timeliness
system and mechanism. We enhanced publicity and            of disciplinary actions.
enforcement efforts to resolutely curb and prevent
corruption.                                                Enhancing the anti-corruption efficacy: the Company
                                                           issued the Guiding Opinions on Further Strengthening
Standardising the acceptance of letters and visits: the    and Standardising the Quality Review of Cases, clarified
Company issued the Opinions on Several Issues              the evaluation standards, and promoted the fight
Concerning the Application of the Regulations on Letters   against corruption through the application of the rule of
and Visits by China Unicom Disciplinary Inspection and     law thinking and approach.
Supervision Institutions to promote the accurate
understanding of core principles and requirements,         Strengthening anti-corruption mechanisms
                                                           Strengthen risk prevention and control: China Unicom
                                                           continued to improve the integrity risk prevention and
                                                           control system, identify integrity risk points, and
                                                           enhance preventive and control measures.
60 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            Strengthening supervision and restriction: China Unicom       In 2023, China Unicom provided anti-corruption
                            delved into the application of an all-dimensional             education and training to a total of 2.593 million person-
                            supervision system and strengthened daily supervision         time and achieved 100% employee coverage in anti-
                            around key personnel, matters and areas. The Company          corruption education activities.
                            detected any signs of irregularities at the earliest to nip
                            the buds. It explored the use of digital means to carry       POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDEND
                            out online real-time supervision and took the initiative      The Company is committed to sharing the fruits of its
                            to prevent risks in advance.                                  long-term development with shareholders while
                                                                                          continuing to promote good growth of revenue and
                            Deepening warning education: China Unicom produced            profit and maintaining its sustainable development
                            special documentaries on warning education, reported          capability. The declaration and payment of future
                            and exposed corrupt cases, attended court hearings as         dividends will depend upon, among other things,
                            observers in relevant cases and carried out special           financial condition, business prospects, future earnings,
                            warning education on typical cases, so as to educate and      cash flow, liquidity level and cost of capital. The
                            guide cadres and employees to be law-abiding, maintain        Company believes such policy will provide the
                            vigilance, and uphold the bottom line.                        shareholders with a stable return in the long term along
                                                                                          with the growth of the Company. Pursuant to the
                            Deepening the construction of integrity culture in the        Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong
                            new era: The Company issued China Unicom’s Core               Kong) and the Company’s articles of association, the
                            Concepts of Integrity Culture and Integrity Code of           Company may only pay dividends out of profits available
                            Conduct as a means to promote the integrity culture           for distribution.
                            into the teams, departments, frontline units, positions,
                            families and partners.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 61




Taking into consideration the Company’s robust            to provide them with relevant information and data of
business development, the Board recommended the           the Company. The Company’s management would
payment of a final dividend of RMB0.1336 per share for    accurately and thoroughly respond to questions raised
the year ended 31 December 2023, together with an         by analysts, fund managers, investors and journalists.
interim dividend of RMB0.203 per share already paid       Archived webcast of the investor presentation is also
during the year, total dividend for 2023 amounted to      available on the Company’s website to ensure wide
RMB0.3366 per share.                                      dissemination of information and data.


CORPORATE TRANSPARENCY AND                                The Company’s investor relations department is
INVESTOR RELATIONS                                        responsible for providing information and services
In addition to publishing annual reports and interim      requested by investors, maintaining timely
reports, the Company discloses major unaudited            communications with investors and fund managers,
financial information (including revenue, operating       including responding to investors’ inquiries and meeting
expenses, EBIT D A, n et p rof i t) a n d oth er key      with company-visit investors, as well as gathering
performance indicators on a quarterly basis and           market information and passing views from
announces key operational statistics on a monthly basis   shareholders to the Directors and management to
in order to enhance the Company’s transparency and        ensure such views are properly communicated. The
improve investors’ understanding of the business          Company also arranges from time to time road shows
operations of the Company.                                and actively attends investor conferences arranged by
                                                          investment banks, through which the Company’s
Upon the announcement of interim and annual results       management meets and communicates with investors
or major transactions, the Company will generally hold    to provide them with opportunities to understand more
analyst briefings, press conferences, and global          accurately the Company’s latest development and
conference with investors. During such conferences, the   performance in various aspects, including business
management of the Company would interact directly         operations and management.
with analysts, fund managers, investors and journalists
62 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            In 2023, the Company participated in the following investor conferences:


                             Date                                     Conferences



                             January 2023                             Credit Suisse 9th Greater China Technology and Internet Conference
                             January 2023                             UBS Greater China Conference 2023
                             March 2023                               26th Credit Suisse Asian Investment Conference
                             May 2023                                 Macquarie DELTAH China Conference 2023
                             June 2023                                UBS Future-Now APAC Conference 2023
                             September 2023                           4th Annual Jefferies Asia Forum
                             September 2023                           30th CITIC CLSA Flagship Investors’ Forum
                             November 2023                            Daiwa Investment Conference Hong Kong 2023


                            In addition, through announcements, press releases and the Company website (www.chinaunicom.com.hk), the
                            Company disseminates the latest information regarding any significant business development in a timely and
                            accurate manner. In the perspective of investor relations, the Company’s website not only serves as an important
                            channel for the Company to disseminate press releases and corporate information to investors and the capital
                            market, but also plays a significant role in the Company’s valuation and our compliance with regulatory requirements
                            for information disclosure. In 2023, the Company updated the content of its website on an ongoing basis to further
                            enhance the functions of website and level of transparency in information disclosure, striving for achieving
                            international best practices. Our website was honored with the Grand Award by an international institution, “iNova
                            Awards”, this year.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023 63




Furthermore, the Company has determined a                 SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Shareholders’ Communication Policy which has been         Annual General Meeting
uploaded on the Company’s website, so as to ensure        The Board endeavors to maintain an on-going dialogue
that the shareholders of the Company are provided with    with shareholders, and in particular, to communicate
readily, equal and timely access to balanced and          with shareholders through annual general meetings.
understandable information about the Company, to          Notices of annual general meeting are sent to
enable shareholders to exercise their rights in an        shareholders at least 21 days before the meeting. The
informed manner, and to enhance the shareholders’         Directors and representatives of the Board committees
and the investment community’s communication with         usually attend the meetings and treasure the
the Company. The Company maintains as on- going           opportunities to communicate with shareholders at such
dialogue with shareholders while gathering market         meetings. The independent auditor also attends the
information and passing views from shareholders to the    annual general meeting for the reporting to
Directors and management, through the different           shareholders every year. At general meetings, the
channels as set out in the Shareholders’ Communication    chairman of the meeting proposes individual resolutions
Policy, including but not limited to corporate            in respect of each substantially separate matter. All
communications, company’s website, general meetings       matters at the Company’s general meetings are resolved
and investor conferences. The Board reviewed the          by poll and the relevant procedures are explained at the
Company’s shareholders and investor engagement and        meeting. The Company also appoints external
communication activities conducted during the year and    scrutineers to ensure that all votes are counted and
was satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness   recorded appropriately, and publishes the poll results in
of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy.                a timely manner.


The Company’s effort in investor relations is well
recognised by the capital market, and accredited with a
number of awards. The Company was voted as “Asia’s
Best IR Team (Telecoms)” in “2023 All-Asia Executive
Team” ranking organised by Institutional Investor.
64 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            The last annual general meeting of the Company was            •         to grant a general mandate to issue new shares
                            held on 19 May 2023, at which the following resolutions                 (over 96%)
                            were passed and percentage of votes cast in favor of the
                            resolutions are set out as follows:                           •         to extend the general mandate to issue new
                                                                                                    shares (over 96%)
                            •         to receive and consider the financial statements
                                      and the Reports of the Directors and of the         •         to approve the proposed amendments to the
                                      Independent Auditor for the year ended 31                     Articles of Association of the Company and the
                                      December 2022 (over 99%)                                      adoption of the new Articles of Association of
                                                                                                    the Company (over 99%)
                            •         to declare a final dividend for the year ended 31
                                      December 2022 (over 99%)                            The next annual general meeting will be held on 30 May
                                                                                          2024. Please refer to the circular, which sets out the
                            •         to re-elect Mr. Chen Zhongyue, Mr. Wong Wai         details, that has been dispatched together with this
                                      Ming and Mr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson as             Annual Report.
                                      Directors, and to authorise the Board to fix
                                      remuneration of the Directors (over 97%)            Putting Forward Resolutions at Annual General
                                                                                          Meetings
                            •         to re-appoint auditor and authorise the Board to    Pursuant to Section 615 of the Companies Ordinance
                                      fix their remuneration for the year ending 31       (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the following
                                      December 2023 (over 99%)                            persons may put forward a resolution at the next annual
                                                                                          general meeting of the Company: (a) any number of
                            •         to grant a general mandate for share buy-back       shareholders, together holding not less than 2.5% of the
                                      (over 99%)                                          total voting rights of all shareholders which have, as at
                                                                                          the date of the requisition, a right to vote at the next
                                                                                          annual general meeting, or (b) not less than 50
                                                                                          shareholders who have a right to vote on the resolution
                                                                                          at the annual general meeting to which the requests
                                                                                          relate.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023 65




The resolution must be one which may be properly              Convening Extraordinary General Meetings
moved and is intended to be moved at the next annual          Pursuant to Section 566 of the Companies Ordinance
general meeting. The requisition must be signed by the        (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), shareholder(s)
requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of     holding not less than 5% of the total voting rights of all
the Company at least six weeks or if later, the time at       shareholders having a right to vote at general meetings
which notice is given of the annual general meeting           of the Company as at the date of deposit of the
before the annual general meeting, the Company has a          requisition, may request the Directors of the Company
duty to give notice of such proposed resolution to all        to convene an extraordinary general meeting. The
shareholders who are entitled to receive notice of the        requisition must state the objects of the meeting and
next annual general meeting.                                  must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at
                                                              the registered office of the Company.
In addition, requisitionists may require the Company to
circulate to shareholders entitled to receive notice of       If the Directors do not, within 21 days from the date of
the annual general meeting a statement of not more            deposit of the requisition, proceed duly to convene a
than 1,000 words with respect to the resolution to be         meeting to be held not more than 28 days after the
proposed. However, the Company is not required to             notice of the meeting, shareholder(s) requisitioning the
circulate any statement if the court is satisfied that this   meeting, or any of them representing more than half of
right is being abused to secure needless publicity for        their total voting rights, may themselves convene a
defamatory matters. In such event, the requisitionists        meeting to be held within three months of such date.
may be ordered to pay for the Company’s expenses for
application to the court.                                     Meetings convened by the requisitionists must be
                                                              convened in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as
If the requisition signed by the requisitionists does not     meetings to be convened by Directors of the Company.
require the Company to give shareholders notice of a          Any reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionists
resolution, such requisition may be deposited at the          will be reimbursed by the Company due to the failure of
registered office of the Company not less than one week       the Directors duly to convene a meeting.
before the next annual general meeting.
66 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                            Putting Forward Resolutions at Extraordinary General       amendments to the articles of association of the
                            Meetings                                                   Company to, among other things, allow the Company to
                            Shareholders may not put forward resolutions to be         hold general meetings as hybrid meetings or electronic
                            considered at any general meetings other than annual       meeting where shareholders may attend and participate
                            general meetings. However, shareholders may request        by means of electronic facilities in addition to physical
                            an extraordinary general meeting to consider any such      attendance. The latest version of the articles of
                            resolution as described in “Convening Extraordinary        association of the Company is available on both the
                            General Meetings” above.                                   websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
                                                                                       Exchange.
                            Any queries relating to shareholders’ rights on putting
                            forward resolutions at general meetings and convening      CONTINUOUS EVOLUTION OF
                            extraordinary general meetings should be directed to       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                            the Company Secretary of the Company. Requisitions         The Company continuously analyses the corporate
                            should be deposited at the Company’s registered office     governance development of international advanced
                            and marked for the attention of the Company Secretary.     enterprises and the investors’ desires, review and
                                                                                       enhance corporate governance procedures and
                            AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF                              practices from time to time so as to meet our
                            ASSOCIATION                                                shareholders’ expectations, commits to high standards
                            To provide flexibility to the Company in relation to the   of corporate governance and recognises that good
                            conduct of general meetings, the Company’s                 governance is vital for the long-term success and
                            shareholders passed a special resolution at the annual     sustainability of the Company’s business.
                            general meeting on 19 May 2023 approving certain
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023 67




ENQUIRY ON THE COMPANY
Shareholders may raise any enquiry on the Company at any time through the following channels:


China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited


Address: 75th Floor, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong


Tel          : (852) 2126 2018
Fax          : (852) 2126 2016
Website      : www.chinaunicom.com.hk
Email        : ir@chinaunicom.com.hk

These contact details are also available in the “Contact Us” section on the Company’s website (www.chinaunicom.com.hk)
designated to enable shareholders to send enquiries to the Company on a timely and effective manner.




                                                                                                   https://www.chinaunicom.com.hk
68 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS
                            The board of directors (the “Board”) of China Unicom       returns. If approved by shareholders at the forthcoming
                            (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Company”) is pleased to          annual general meeting, the 2023 Final Dividend is
                            present its report together with the audited financial     expected to be paid in Hong Kong dollars on or about
                            statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (the        26 June 2024 to those members registered in the
                            “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2023.              Company’s register of members as at 7 June 2024 (the
                                                                                       “Final Dividend Record Date”).
                            PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
                            The principal activity of the Company is investment        FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                            holding. The principal activities of Company’s             Please refer to the Financial Summary on pages 202 to
                            subsidiaries are the provision of comprehensive            203 for the summary of the operating results, assets and
                            telecommunications services.                               liabilities of the Group for the five years ended
                                                                                       31 December 2023.
                            RESULTS AND APPROPRIATION
                            The results of the Group for the year ended                Please refer to the financial statements on pages 93 to
                            31 December 2023 are set out on pages 93 to 94 of this     201 for the operating results of the Group for the year
                            annual report.                                             ended 31 December 2023 and the respective financial
                                                                                       positions of the Group and the Company as at that date.
                            Taking into consideration the Company’s robust
                            business development, the Board has resolved to            BUSINESS REVIEW
                            recommend at the forthcoming shareholders’ general         The business review of the Group for the year ended
                            meeting that the payment of a final dividend of            31 December 2023 is set out in the sections headed
                            RMB0.1336 per ordinary share (“2023 Final Dividend”)       “Chairman’s Statement” on pages 8 to 15, “Business
                            for the year ended 31 December 2023, totaling              Overview” on pages 16 to 19, “Financial Overview” on
                            approximately RMB4,088 million. Together with the          pages 20 to 25, “Financial Statements” on pages 93 to
                            2023 interim dividend payment of RMB0.203 per share        201, “Human Resources Development” on pages 86 to
                            during 2023, the total dividend payment for 2023           87, “Corporate Governance Report” on pages 40 to 67
                            amounted to RMB0.3366 per share, totaling                  and “Report of the Directors” on pages 68 to 85
                            approximately RMB10,299 million (2022: RMB8,384            respectively of this annual report. All references herein
                            million). Going forward, the Company will continue to      to other sections or reports in this annual report form
                            strive for enhancing its profitability and shareholders’   part of this Report of the Directors.
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023 69




LOANS                                                       SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT
Please refer to Notes 33, 39 and 45.1 to the                VENTURES
consolidated financial statements for details of the        Please refer to Notes 18, 19 and 20 to the consolidated
borrowings of the Group.                                    financial statements for details of the Company’s
                                                            subsidiaries, the Group’s associates and joint ventures.
COMMERCIAL PAPERS
Please refer to Note 40 to the consolidated financial       CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
statements for details of the commercial papers of the      Please refer to page 98 of this annual report for the
Group.                                                      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and page
                                                            180 for the Statement of Changes in Equity.
CAPITALISED INTEREST
Please refer to Note 15 to the consolidated financial       EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
statements for details of the interest capitalised by the   Please refer to Note 8 to the consolidated financial
Group for the year.                                         statements for details of the employee benefit expenses
                                                            provided to employees of the Group.
EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Other than the share scheme as disclosed in this Report     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
of the Directors, as at 31 December 2023, no                There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights in the
equity-linked agreements were entered into by the           articles of association of the Company requiring the
Group or subsisted during the year.                         Company to offer new shares to the existing
                                                            shareholders in proportion to their shareholdings.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Please refer to Note 15 to the consolidated financial       MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
statements for movements in the property, plant and         The Group’s sales to its five largest customers for the
equipment of the Group for the year.                        year ended 31 December 2023 did not exceed 30% of
                                                            the Group’s total turnover for the year.
CHARGE ON ASSETS
As at 31 December 2023, no property, plant and              The Group’s purchases from its largest supplier for the
equipment was pledged to banks as loan security             year ended 31 December 2023 represented
(31 December 2022: Nil).                                    approximately 28.56% of the Group’s total purchases
                                                            for the year. The total purchases attributable to the five
SHARE CAPITAL                                               largest suppliers of the Group for the year ended
Please refer to Note 30 to the consolidated financial       31 December 2023 accounted for approximately 58.32%
statements for details of the share capital.                of the total purchases of the Group for the year.


RESERVES                                                    None of the Directors nor their respective close
Please refer to page 98 and page 180 of this annual         associates (as defined in the Rules Governing the Listing
report for the movements in the reserves of the Group       of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
and the Company during the year ended 31 December           Limited (the “Listing Rules”)) nor any shareholder of the
2023 respectively. As at 31 December 2023, the              Company (which to the knowledge of the Directors
distributable reserve of the Company amounted to            owns more than 5% of the Company’s share capital) had
approximately RMB7,855 million (2022: approximately         any interests in the five largest suppliers of the Group
RMB6,474 million).                                          for the year ended 31 December 2023.
70 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                            SHARE SCHEME OF THE COMPANY                                  (3)   the maximum aggregate number of shares in
                            Pursuant to a resolution passed at the annual general              respect of which share options may be granted
                            meeting held on 16 April 2014, the Company adopted a               (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”) shall be
                            new share option scheme (the “2014 Share Option                    calculated in accordance with the following
                            Scheme”). The purpose of the 2014 Share Option                     formula:
                            Scheme was to recognise the contribution that certain
                            individuals have made to the Company, to attract and                              N=A–B–C
                            retain the best available personnel and to promote the
                            success of the Company. The 2014 Share Option Scheme               where:
                            is valid and effective for a period of 10 years
                            commencing on 22 April 2014 and will expire on 22 April            “N”      is the maximum aggregate number of
                            2024. Following the expiry of the 2014 Share Option                         shares in respect of which share options
                            Scheme, no further share option can be granted under                        may be granted pursuant to the 2014
                            the 2014 Share Option Scheme, but the provisions of                         Share Option Scheme;
                            the 2014 Share Option Scheme will remain in full force
                            and effect to the extent necessary to give effect to the           “A”      is the maximum aggregate number of
                            exercise of any share options granted prior thereto or                      shares in respect of which shares options
                            otherwise as may be required in accordance with the                         may be granted pursuant to the 2014
                            provisions of the 2014 Share Option Scheme. Under the                       Share Option Scheme and any other
                            2014 Share Option Scheme:                                                   share option schemes of the Company,
                                                                                                        being 10% of the aggregate of the
                            (1)       share options may be granted to employees                         number of shares in issue as at the date
                                      including all Directors;                                          of adoption of the 2014 Share Option
                                                                                                        Scheme;
                            (2)       any grant of share options to a Connected Person
                                      (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company         “B”      is the maximum aggregate number of
                                      must be approved by the independent                               shares underlying the share options
                                      non-executive Directors of the Company                            already granted pursuant to the 2014
                                      (excluding any independent non-executive                          Share Option Scheme; and
                                      Director of the Company in the case such
                                      Director is a grantee of the options) and all            “C”      is the maximum aggregate number of
                                      grants to connected persons shall be subject to                   shares underlying the options already
                                      compliance with the requirements of the Listing                   granted pursuant to any other share
                                      Rules, including where necessary the prior                        option schemes of the Company.
                                      approval of the shareholders;
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023 71




      Shares in respect of share options which have        (7)       an offer shall be deemed to have been accepted
      lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2014                by the eligible participant and to have taken
      Share Option Scheme and any other share                        effect when the duplicate notice of grant
      option schemes of the Company will not be                      comprising acceptance of the offer duly signed
      counted for the purpose of determining the                     by the grantee together with a remittance in
      maximum aggregate number of shares in respect                  favour of the Company of HKD1.00 by way of
      of which options may be granted pursuant to the                consideration for the grant thereof is received by
      2014 Share Option Scheme;                                      the Company within the time period specified in
                                                                     the offer.
(4)   the option period commences on any day after
      the date on which such share option is offered,      No share options had been granted since adoption of
      but may not exceed 10 years from the offer           the 2014 Share Option Scheme. As at 1 January 2023
      date;                                                and 31 December 2023, 1,777,437,107 options were
                                                           available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit.
(5)   the subscription price shall not be less than the
      higher of:                                           As at 31 December 2023, 1,777,437,107 shares were
                                                           available for issue under the 2014 Share Option Scheme,
      (a)     the closing price of the shares on the       representing approximately 5.81% of issued share
              Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the offer        capital of the Company as at the date of this annual
              date in respect of the share options; and    report.


      (b)     the average closing price of the shares on   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ AND
              the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the         EMPLOYEES’ INTERESTS UNDER THE
              five trading days immediately preceding      SHARE SCHEME OF THE COMPANY
              the offer date;                              For the year ended 31 December 2023 and as at
                                                           31 December 2023, none of the Directors of the
(6)   the total number of shares in the Company            Company or chief executives or employees of the
      issued and to be issued upon exercise of the         Company had any interests under any share scheme of
      share options granted to a participant of the        the Company.
      2014 Share Option Scheme (including both
      exercised and outstanding share options) in any
      12-month period must not exceed 1% of the
      issued share capital of the Company; and
72 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                            DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
                            UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
                            As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of Directors and chief executives of the Company in any
                            shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV
                            of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register required to be kept under
                            Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                            pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in
                            Appendix C3 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”),
                            were as follows:


                            Long Positions in the Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company
                                                                                                              Ordinary           Percentage of
                              Name of Director                  Capacity                                   Shares Held           Issued Shares



                              Chung Shui Ming Timpson           Beneficial owner (Personal)                      6,000                   0.00%


                            Save as disclosed in the foregoing, as at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company
                            had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares, or debentures of the Company or any of its
                            associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to
                            Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the
                            Model Code.


                            Furthermore, save as disclosed in the foregoing, during the year ended 31 December 2023, none of the Directors or
                            chief executives (including their spouses and children under the age of 18) of the Company had any interests in or
                            was granted any right to subscribe in any shares, underlying shares, or debentures of the Company or any of its
                            associated corporations, or had exercised any such rights.
                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023 73




MATERIAL INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at 31 December 2023, the following persons (other than disclosed under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief
Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures”) had the following interests
and short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept
pursuant to Section 336 of Part XV of the SFO:


Long Positions in the Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company
                                                              Ordinary Shares Held                      Percentage of

  Name of Shareholders                                         Directly              Indirectly          Issued Shares



  (i) China United Network                                           —         24,683,896,309                  80.67%
      Communications Group Company
      Limited (“Unicom Group”)1,2

  (ii) China United Network                                          —         16,376,043,282                  53.52%
      Communications Limited
      (“A Share Company”)1

  (iii) China Unicom (BVI) Limited                     16,376,043,282                        —                 53.52%
      (“Unicom BVI”)1

  (iv) China Unicom Group Corporation                   8,082,130,236             225,722,791                  27.15%
      (BVI) Limited (“Unicom Group BVI”)   2,3




Notes:


(1)      Unicom Group and A Share Company directly or indirectly control one-third or more of the voting rights in the
         shareholders’ meetings of Unicom BVI, and in accordance with the SFO, the interests of Unicom BVI are deemed
         to be, and have therefore been included in, the respective interests of Unicom Group and A Share Company.


(2)      Unicom Group BVI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Unicom Group. In accordance with the SFO, the interests of
         Unicom Group BVI are deemed to be, and have therefore been included in, the interests of Unicom Group.


(3)      Unicom Group BVI holds 8,082,130,236 shares (representing 26.41% of the total issued shares) of the Company
         directly. In addition, Unicom Group BVI is also interested in 225,722,791 shares (representing 0.74% of the total
         issued shares) of the Company under the SFO, in which Unicom Group BVI had a pre-emptive right.


Apart from the foregoing, as at 31 December 2023, no person had any interest or short position in the shares or
underlying shares in the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO.


Please also refer to Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements for details of the share capital of the Company.
74 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                            REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF                            DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN
                            LISTED SHARES OF THE COMPANY                                 TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND
                            For the year ended 31 December 2023, neither the             CONTRACTS
                            Company nor any of its subsidiaries had repurchased,         Save for the service agreements between the Company
                            sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed shares.         and the executive Directors subsisted during 2023 or as
                                                                                         at 31 December 2023, the Directors or his/her
                            COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD                                     connected entity(ies) did not have any material interest,
                            The following is the list of Directors during the year and   whether directly or indirectly, in any significant
                            up to date of this report.                                   transaction, arrangement or contract entered into by
                                                                                         the Company.
                            Executive Directors:
                            Chen Zhongyue (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)         None of the Directors for re-election at the forthcoming
                            Liu Liehong (resigned on 30 July 2023)                       annual general meeting has an unexpired service
                            Wang Junzhi                                                  agreement which is not determinable by the Company
                            Li Yuzhuo                                                    within one year without payment of compensation
                                                                                         (other than statutory compensation).
                            Independent Non-Executive Directors:
                            Cheung Wing Lam Linus                                        DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING
                            Wong Wai Ming                                                BUSINESSES
                            Chung Shui Ming Timpson                                      Unicom Group and A Share Company are engaged in
                            Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                                       telecommunications business and other related
                                                                                         businesses in China that are similar to and/or compete
                            Pursuant to the articles of association, Ms. Li Yuzhuo       with those of the Company. Executive directors of the
                            and Mr. Cheung Wing Lam Linus will retire at the             Company also hold executive positions with Unicom
                            forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company            Group and A Share Company. Please refer to the section
                            and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.       headed “Directors and Senior Management” on pages
                                                                                         28 to 39 of this annual report for further details.
                            Please refer to Note 8 to the consolidated financial
                            statements for details of the emoluments of the              Apart from the above, there are no competing interests
                            Directors.                                                   of directors which are disclosable under Rule 8.10(2)(b)
                                                                                         of the Listing Rules at any time during the year of 2023
                            INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT                                  up to and including the date of this annual report.
                            NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                            The Company has received from each of its independent        DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES
                            non-executive Directors the annual confirmation of his       The names of all directors who have served on the
                            independence and the Company considers that all              boards of the subsidiaries of the Company during the
                            independent non-executive Directors are currently            year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this
                            independent.                                                 report of directors are available on the Company’s
                                                                                         website (http://www.chinaunicom.com.hk).
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023 75




PERMITTED INDEMNITY                                         CONTINUING CONNECTED
Pursuant to the Company’s articles of association,          TRANSACTIONS
subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every       On 28 October 2022, CUCL, a wholly-owned subsidiary
Director shall be indemnified out of the assets of the      of the Company, and Unicom Group entered into a
Company against all costs, charges, expenses, losses and    comprehensive services agreement (the “2023–2025
liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in the        Comprehensive Services Agreement”) while Finance
execution of his/her office or otherwise in relation        Company (“Finance Company”), a subsidiary of the
thereto. The Company has taken out insurance against        Company, and Unicom Group entered into a financial
the liability and costs associated with defending any       services agreement (the “2023–2025 Financial Services
proceedings which may be brought against directors of       Agreement”). Pursuant to the 2023–2025 Comprehensive
the Group.                                                  Services Agreement, CUCL and Unicom Group agreed to
                                                            provide services to each other or by one to the other,
EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY                            including (i) use of telecommunications resources; (ii)
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had approximately         property leasing; (iii) value-added telecommunications
241,735 employees, 791 employees and 365 employees          services; (iv) materials procurement services; (v)
in Mainland China, Hong Kong and other countries,           engineering design and construction and IT services; (vi)
respectively. Furthermore, the Group had approximately      ancillary telecommunications services; (vii)
9,882 temporary staff in Mainland China. For the year       comprehensive support services and (viii) shared
ended 31 December 2023, employee benefit expenses           services. Pursuant to 2023–2025 Financial Services
were approximately RMB62.94 billion (for the year           Agreement, Finance Company agreed to provide
ended 31 December 2022: RMB60.73 billion), of which         financial services to Unicom Group. The above
the salary of the contract employees was approximately      continuing connected transactions will be for a term of
RMB41.28 billion (for the year ended 31 December            three years from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025.
2022: RMB40.85 billion). The Group endeavors to
maintain its employees’ remuneration in line with the       Unicom Group is the ultimate controlling shareholder of
market trend and to remain competitive. Employees’          the Company and is therefore a connected person of the
remuneration is determined in accordance with the           Company under the Listing Rules. Details of the
Group’s remuneration and bonus policies based on their      continuing connected transactions under the 2023–
performance. The Group also provides comprehensive          2025 Comprehensive Services Agreement and the
benefit packages and career development opportunities       2023–2025 Financial Services Agreement are as follows:
for its employees, including retirement benefits, housing
benefits and internal and external training programmes,     (1)    Use of Telecommunications Resources
which are tailored in accordance with individual needs.            Unicom Group agrees to provide to CUCL:


The Company has adopted share option schemes, under                (a)     certain international telecommunications
which the Company may grant share options to eligible                      resources (including international
employees for subscribing for the Company’s shares.                        telecommunications channel gateways,
                                                                           international telecommunications
                                                                           service gateways, international
                                                                           submarine cable capacity, international
                                                                           land cables and international satellite
                                                                           facilities); and
76 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                                      (b)   certain other telecommunications                        relevant industry profit margins in the
                                            facilities required by CUCL for its                     corresponding period for reference. The
                                            operations.                                             net usage charges due to Unicom Group
                                                                                                    for the provision of the above
                                            The usage charges of international                      telecommunications resources and
                                            telecommunications resources and other                  facilities will be settled between CUCL
                                            telecommunications facilities are based                 and Unicom Group on a quarterly basis.
                                            on the annual depreciation and
                                            amortisation charges of such resources                  For the year ended 31 December 2023,
                                            and telecommunications facilities                       the total charges paid by CUCL to Unicom
                                            provided that such charges would not be                 Group amounted to approximately
                                            higher than the market rates. CUCL will                 RMB210 million.
                                            be responsible for the on-going
                                            maintenance of such international          (2)   Property Leasing
                                            telecommunications resources. CUCL and           CUCL and Unicom Group agree to lease to each
                                            Unicom Group will determine and agree            other properties and ancillary facilities owned by
                                            which party is to provide maintenance            CUCL or Unicom Group (including their
                                            service for the telecommunications               respective branches and subsidiaries).
                                            facilities referred to in paragraph (b)
                                            above. Unless otherwise agreed by CUCL           The rental charges for the leasing of each other
                                            and Unicom Group, such maintenance               properties and ancillary facilities are based on
                                            service charges would be borne by CUCL.          market rates. Where there is no market rate or it
                                            If Unicom Group is responsible for               is not possible to determine the market rate, the
                                            maintaining any telecommunications               rate will be negotiated and agreed between the
                                            facilities referred to in paragraph (b)          two parties. Market rates refer to the rates at
                                            above, CUCL will pay to Unicom Group             which the same or similar type of assets or
                                            the relevant maintenance service                 services are provided by Independent Third
                                            charges which will be determined with            Parties in the ordinary course of business and
                                            reference to market rates, or where              under normal commercial terms. Negotiated
                                            there is no market rates will be agreed          rates refer to the rates based on the reasonable
                                            between the parties and determined               costs plus the amount of the relevant taxes and
                                            based on reasonable costs plus                   reasonable profit margin. When determining the
                                            reasonable profit margin. When                   pricing standard or reasonable profit margin, to
                                            determining the pricing standard or              the extent practicable, management of the
                                            reasonable profit margin, to the extent          Company will take into account the rates of at
                                            practicable, management of the                   least two similar and comparable transactions
                                            Company will take into account the rates         entered into with Independent Third Parties or
                                            of at least two similar and comparable           the relevant industry profit margin in the
                                            transactions entered into with                   corresponding period for reference. The rental
                                            Independent Third Parties or the                 charges are payable quarterly in arrears.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 77




      For the year ended 31 December 2023, the              tenders, verification of technical specifications,
      rental charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group           installation, consulting and agency services. In
      (relating to those leases of which the lease term     addition, Unicom Group will sell materials to
      is 12 months or less) amounted to                     CUCL and resell the equipment purchased from
      approximately RMB945 million, the total value of      the third parties, and will also provide storage
      right-of-use assets involved in the properties        and logistics services in relation to the above
      leased by CUCL (relating to those leases of which     materials procurement.
      the lease term exceeds 12 months) amounted to
      approximately RMB116 million, and the rental          Charges for the provision of materials
      charges paid by Unicom Group to CUCL was              procurement services are calculated at the rate
      negligible.                                           of:


(3)   Value-added Telecommunications Services               (a)    up to 3% of the contract value of those
      Unicom Group (or its subsidiaries) agrees to                 procurement contracts in the case of
      provide the customers of CUCL with various                   domestic materials procurement; and
      types of value-added telecommunications
      services.                                             (b)    up to 1% of the contract value of those
                                                                   procurement contracts in the case of
      CUCL will settle the revenue generated from the              imported materials procurement.
      value-added telecommunications services with
      the branches of Unicom Group (or its                  The charges for the provision of materials by
      subsidiaries) on the condition that such settlement   Unicom Group, and the pricing and/or charging
      will be based on the average revenue for              standard of the commission for various materials
      independent value-added telecommunications            procurement services, and storage and logistics
      content providers who provide value-added             services relevant to the direct material
      telecommunications content to CUCL in the             procurement are based on the market rates.
      same region. The amount will be settled on a          Where there is no market rate or it is not
      monthly basis.                                        possible to determine the market rate, the rate
                                                            will be negotiated and agreed between the two
      For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total        parties. Market rates refer to the rates at which
      amount allocated to Unicom Group in relation to       the same or similar type of assets or services is
      value-added telecommunications services               provided by Independent Third Parties in the
      amounted to approximately RMB73 million.              ordinary course of business and under normal
                                                            commercial terms. Negotiated rates refer to the
(4)   Materials Procurement Services                        rates based on the reasonable costs incurred in
      Unicom Group agrees to provide comprehensive          providing the services plus the amount of the
      procurement services for imported and                 relevant taxes and reasonable profit margin.
      domestic telecommunications materials and             When determining the pricing standard or
      other domestic non-telecommunications                 reasonable profit margin, to the extent
      materials to CUCL. Unicom Group has also              practicable, management of the Company will
      agreed to provide services on management of           take into account the rates of at least two similar
78 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                                      and comparable transactions entered into with            products or services are provided by
                                      Independent Third Parties or the relevant                Independent Third Parties in the ordinary course
                                      industry profit margin in the corresponding              of business and under normal commercial terms.
                                      period for reference. The service charges due to         When determining the pricing standard, to the
                                      Unicom Group will be settled on a monthly                extent practicable, management of the
                                      basis.                                                   Company will take into account the rates of at
                                                                                               least two similar and comparable transactions
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total           entered into with Independent Third Parties in
                                      charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group                     the corresponding period for reference. In the
                                      amounted to approximately RMB15 million.                 event the recipient will determine the specific
                                                                                               provider of engineering design and construction
                            (5)       Engineering Design and Construction and IT               and IT services through tender, the provider shall
                                      Services                                                 be no less qualified and equipped than the
                                      Unicom Group agrees to provide engineering               Independent Third Parties, and shall participate
                                      design, construction and supervision services            in the tender procedure on an equal footing with
                                      and IT services to CUCL. Engineering design              the Independent Third Parties. Under such
                                      services include planning and design,                    circumstances, the pricing will be determined by
                                      engineering inspection, telecommunications               the final rate according to the tender procedure.
                                      electronic engineering, telecommunications               The service charges will be settled between
                                      equipment engineering and corporate                      CUCL and Unicom Group as and when the
                                      telecommunications engineering. Construction             relevant services are provided.
                                      services include services relating to
                                      telecommunications equipment,                            For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total
                                      telecommunications routing, power supplies,              charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group
                                      telecommunications conduit, and technical                amounted to approximately RMB696 million.
                                      support systems. IT services include
                                      communications technology services (including      (6)   Ancillary Telecommunications Services
                                      construction and installation services, system           Unicom Group agrees to provide ancillary
                                      integration services, software development,              telecommunications services to CUCL. These
                                      product sales and agent services, operation and          services include certain telecommunications
                                      maintenance services, and consultation                   pre-sale, on-sale and after-sale services such as
                                      services).                                               assembling and repairing of certain client
                                                                                               telecommunications equipment, sales agency
                                      The charges for the provision of engineering             services, printing and invoice delivery services,
                                      design and construction and IT services are              maintenance of telephone booths, customers
                                      based on market rates. Market rates refer to the         acquisitions and servicing and other customers’
                                      rates at which the same or similar type of               services.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023 79




      The charges payable for the provision of ancillary   services, security services, hotel and conference
      telecommunications services are determined by        services, gardening services, decoration and
      the market rates between the two parties.            renovation services, construction agency,
      Where there is no market rate or it is not           equipment maintenance services, market
      possible to determine the market rates, the rate     development, sanitary services, parking services,
      will be negotiated and agreed between the two        staff trainings, storage services, advertising
      parties. Market rates refer to the rates at which    services, marketing, property management
      the same or similar type of assets or services are   services.
      provided by Independent Third Parties under
      normal commercial terms. Negotiated rates            CUCL agrees to provide comprehensive services
      refer to the rates based on the reasonable costs     to Unicom Group, including sales services,
      plus the amount of the relevant taxes and            technical support services, research and
      reasonable profit margin. When determining the       development services, communication services
      pricing standard or reasonable profit margin, to     and communications technology services
      the extent practicable, management of the            (including construction and installation services,
      Company will take into account the rates of at       system integration services, software
      least two similar and comparable transactions        development, product sales and agent services,
      entered into with Independent Third Parties or       operation and maintenance services, and
      the relevant industry profit margin in the           consultation services).
      corresponding period for reference. The service
      charges will be settled between CUCL and             The service charges are determined by the
      Unicom Group as and when the relevant services       market rates between the two parties. Where
      are provided.                                        there is no market rate or it is not possible to
                                                           determine the market rate, the rate will be
      For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total       negotiated and agreed between the two parties.
      services charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group        Market rates refer to the rates at which the
      amounted to approximately RMB1,038 million.          same or similar type of assets or services are
                                                           provided by Independent Third Parties under
(7)   Comprehensive Support Services                       normal commercial terms. Negotiated rates
      Unicom Group and CUCL agree to provide               refer to the rates based on the reasonable costs
      comprehensive support services to each other,        plus the amount of the relevant taxes and
      including dining services, facilities leasing        reasonable profit margin. When determining the
      services (excluding those facilities which are       pricing standard or reasonable profit margin, to
      provided under the paragraph headed “Use of          the extent practicable, management of the
      Telecommunications Resources” above), vehicle        Company will take into account the rates of at
      services, health and medical services, labour        least two similar and comparable transactions
80 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                                      entered into with Independent Third Parties or            For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total
                                      the relevant industry profit margin in the                services charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group
                                      corresponding period for reference. The service           amounted to approximately RMB76 million, and
                                      charges will be settled between CUCL and                  the services charges paid by Unicom Group to
                                      Unicom Group as and when the relevant services            CUCL was negligible.
                                      are provided.
                                                                                          (9)   Financial Services
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total            Finance Company agrees to provide financial
                                      services charges paid by CUCL to Unicom Group             services to Unicom Group, including deposit
                                      amounted to approximately RMB1,115 million,               services, lending and other credit services, and
                                      and the total services charges paid by Unicom             other financial services. Other financial services
                                      Group to CUCL amounted to approximately                   include settlement services, entrusted loans,
                                      RMB225 million.                                           financial and financing consultation, entrusted
                                                                                                investment, bond underwriting, consultation,
                            (8)       Shared Services                                           agency business, and other businesses approved
                                      Unicom Group and CUCL agree to provide                    by China Banking and Insurance Regulatory
                                      shared services to each other, including, but not         Commission or its agency for Finance Company.
                                      limited to, the following: (a) CUCL will provide
                                      headquarter human resources services to                   The key pricing policies are follows:
                                      Unicom Group; (b) CUCL will provide business
                                      support centre services to Unicom Group; (c)              Finance Company agrees to provide financial
                                      CUCL will provide hosting services related to the         services to Unicom Group. The interest rate or
                                      services referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b)            fee standard will be determined in strict
                                      above to Unicom Group; and (d) Unicom Group               accordance with the relevant regulations of the
                                      will provide premises to CUCL and other shared            People’s Bank of China and the China Banking
                                      services requested by its headquarters. Unicom            and Insurance Regulatory Commission and other
                                      Group and CUCL will share the costs related to            institutions, as follows:
                                      the shared services proportionately in
                                      accordance with their respective total assets             (a)     Deposit Services
                                      value, except that the total assets value of the                  The maximum and minimum deposit
                                      overseas subsidiaries and the listed company of                   interest rates will follow the provisions of
                                      Unicom Group will be excluded from the total                      the People’s Bank of China for deposits
                                      asset value of Unicom Group, and the shared                       of the same period and the same type,
                                      costs proportion will be agreed between Unicom                    and be determined with reference to the
                                      Group and CUCL in accordance with the total                       interest rate for the same period and
                                      assets value set out in the financial statements                  same type of deposit offered to Unicom
                                      provided to each other, as adjusted in                            Group by the major cooperative
                                      accordance with their respective total assets                     commercial banks of Unicom Group and/
                                      value on an annual basis.                                         or offered by Finance Company to other
                                                                                                        clients, and will be on normal
                                                                                                        commercial terms.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023 81




(b)   Lending and other credit services                     The service charges will be settled between
      The lending and other credit services                 Finance Company and Unicom Group as and
      interest rates will follow the relevant               when the relevant services are provided.
      provisions of the People’s Bank of China,
      which will be based on Loan Prime Rate       For the financial year ended 31 December 2023, the
      and be determined with reference to the      above continuing connected transactions have not
      interest rate for the same period and        exceeded their respective caps.
      same type of lending and other credit
      services offered to the same type of         The Company has formulated and strictly implemented
      corporations by the major cooperative        various systems including the Administrative Measures
      commercial banks of Unicom Group and/        of Connected Transactions of China Unicom to ensure
      or offered by Finance Company to its         that connected transactions are properly entered into in
      other clients, and will be on normal         accordance with pricing mechanisms and the terms of
      commercial terms. For the year ended         the transactions are fair and reasonable and are in the
      31 December 2023, the maximum daily          interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a
      lending and other credit services balance    whole.
      (including accrued interests) amounted
      to approximately RMB4,633 million.           The staff from the relevant business departments and
                                                   the connected persons of the Company will negotiate
(c)   Other financial services                     the pricing terms of the continuing connected
      The rate of financial services will be       transactions. These pricing terms will be determined in
      determined according to the principles of    accordance with the pricing policy principles set out in
      fairness and reasonableness, as well as      the 2023–2025 Comprehensive Services Agreement and
      the fair market price or the standards set   the 2023–2025 Financial Services Agreement, which
      by the state. The fees to be charged by      should be fair and reasonable and subject to the review
      Finance Company for the provision of the     of the finance department.
      financial services to Unicom Group will
      comply with the relevant prescribed          The legal department is responsible for the review of the
      rates for such services as determined by     agreement for connected transactions. The finance
      the institutions, including the People’s     department takes the lead in the daily management and
      Bank of China or the China Banking and       supervision of connected transactions, including liaising
      Insurance Regulatory Commission, etc.        with the relevant business departments for account
      Where no relevant prescribed rate is         reconciliation with connected parties, monitoring the
      applicable, the fee will be determined       implementation of connected transactions together
      with reference to market rates of similar    with business departments on a routine basis and
      financial services charges and agreed        performing supervisory examination. The finance
      between the parties. For the year ended      department regularly reports the status of the
      31 December 2023, the total fees paid by     implementation of connected transactions to the Audit
      Unicom Group to Finance Company              Committee. The audit department includes review on
      amounted to approximately RMB1               connected transactions into the scope of annual internal
      million.                                     control assessment and reports the results to the
                                                   management.
82 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                            Furthermore, the aforesaid continuing connected                 (C)      were not entered into, in all material respects, in
                            transactions have been reviewed by independent                           accordance with the relevant agreements
                            non-executive directors of the Company. In accordance                    governing the continuing connected
                            with paragraph 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the                          transactions; and
                            independent non-executive directors confirmed that the
                            aforesaid continuing connected transactions were                (D)      have exceeded their respective annual caps for
                            entered into (a) in the ordinary and usual course of                     the financial year ended 31 December 2023 set
                            business of the Group; (b) either on normal commercial                   out in the previous announcements of the
                            terms or better or, if there are not sufficient comparable               Company.
                            transactions to judge whether they are on normal
                            commercial terms, on terms no less favourable to the            The Company confirms that it has complied with the
                            Group than terms available to or from independent               requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in
                            third parties; and (c) in accordance with the relevant          relation to all connected transactions and continuing
                            agreements governing them on terms that are fair and            connected transactions to which any Group member
                            reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of          was a party during 2023. Please refer to Note 45 to the
                            the Company as a whole.                                         consolidated financial statements for a summary of the
                                                                                            related party transactions entered into by the members
                            The Company’s independent auditor was engaged to                of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023.
                            report on the Group’s continuing connected                      Only those connected transactions specified in note 45.1
                            transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on           and 45.2 of the consolidated financial statements
                            Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements               constitute continuing connected transactions under
                            Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial            Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the details of which
                            Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740            (except for fully exempt continuing connected
                            “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions          transactions) have been disclosed in the paragraph
                            under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong           “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the Report of
                            Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The             the Directors above. Other related party transactions do
                            independent auditor has issued an unqualified letter            not constitute connected transactions or continuing
                            containing his findings and conclusions in respect of the       connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing
                            continuing connected transactions disclosed by the              Rules.
                            Group in pages 75 to 81 of this annual report in
                            accordance with paragraph14A.56 of the Listing Rules.           With the continuous expansion of operating scale and
                            The independent auditors’ letter has confirmed that             the continuous improvement of the centralised capital
                            nothing has come to their attention that cause them to          management capabilities of CUCL, a wholly-owned
                            believe that the continuing connected transactions:             subsidiary of the Company, and subject to the
                                                                                            satisfaction of the daily operation of CUCL and its
                            (A)       have not been approved by the Board;                  subsidiary, Finance Company, the actual amount of the
                                                                                            lending and other credit services between Finance
                            (B)       were not, in all material respects, in accordance
                                      with the pricing policies of the Group as stated in
                                      this annual report;
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023 83




Company and Unicom Group in 2023 (RMB4,633                    The principal activities of Company’s subsidiaries are the
million) was close to the cap of the transaction              provision of comprehensive telecommunications
(RMB4,650 million). In order to further satisfy the capital   services. The Company is required to comply with the
management needs of CUCL and enhance the capital              Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China,
efficiency, on 19 March 2024, the Board approved              Telecommunications Regulations of the People’s
Finance Company and Unicom Group to enter into the            Republic of China, Administrative Regulations on
Supplemental Agreement to revise the caps, being the          Telecommunications Companies with Foreign
daily lending and other credit services balance (including    Investments and other related laws and regulations. At
accrued interests) for the lending and other credit           the same time, oversea subsidiaries of the Company are
services to be provided by Finance Company to Unicom          also required to comply with the related laws and
Group under the 2023 – 2025 Financial Services                regulations where their business operations are located.
Agreement for each of the two years ending
31 December 2024 and 2025 to RMB7,500 million,                For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company
respectively. Save as disclosed above, all other terms        had not been involved in any material litigation,
and conditions under the 2023–2025 Financial Services         arbitration or administrative proceedings. So far as the
Agreement remain unchanged and valid.                         Company is aware of, no such litigation, arbitration or
                                                              administrative proceedings were pending or threatened
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                   as at 31 December 2023.
Report on the Company’s corporate governance is set
out in “Corporate Governance Report” on pages 40 to           PUBLIC FLOAT
67.                                                           Based on publicly available information and so far as
                                                              Directors are aware, the Company has maintained the
MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                                    specified amount of public float as required by the Hong
As a company incorporated in Hong Kong and listed in          Kong Stock Exchange during the year ended
Hong Kong, the Company adopts the Companies                   31 December 2023 and as at the date of this annual
Ordinance of Hong Kong, the Securities and Futures            report.
Ordinance of Hong Kong, Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited,        DONATIONS
the Company’s Articles of Association and other related       For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group made
laws and regulations as the basic guidelines for the          charitable and other donations in an aggregate amount
Company’s corporate governance.                               of approximately RMB1.436 million.
84 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                            CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
                            For the purpose of ascertaining the shareholders’ rights to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting (and any
                            adjournment thereof) on 30 May 2024, and entitlement to the 2023 Final Dividend, the register of members of the
                            Company will be closed for registration of transfer of shares. Details of such closures are set out below:


                            (1)       For ascertaining the shareholders’ rights to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting (and any
                                      adjournment thereof):
                                      Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration                            4:30 p.m. of 22 May 2024
                                      Closure of register of members                                            From 23 May 2024 to 30 May 2024
                                      Record date                                                                                        23 May 2024

                            (2)       For ascertaining the shareholders’ entitlement to the 2023 Final Dividend:
                                      Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration                             4:30 p.m. of 6 June 2024
                                      Closure of register of members                                                                     7 June 2024
                                      Final Dividend Record date                                                                         7 June 2024

                            During the above closure periods, no transfer of shares will be registered. To be eligible to attend and vote at the
                            Annual General Meeting, and to qualify for the 2023 Final Dividend, all transfers, accompanied by the relevant
                            certificates, must be lodged with the Company’s Share Registrar, Hong Kong Registrars Limited, at Shops 1712–1716,
                            17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, by no later than the aforementioned
                            latest times.


                            WITHHOLDING AND PAYMENT OF ENTERPRISE INCOME TAX FOR NON-RESIDENT
                            ENTERPRISES IN RESPECT OF 2023 FINAL DIVIDEND
                            Pursuant to (i) the “Notice Regarding Matters on Determination of Tax Residence Status of Chinese- controlled
                            Offshore Incorporated Enterprises under Rules of Effective Management” (the “Notice”) issued by the State Taxation
                            Administration of the People’s Republic of China (the “STA”); (ii) the “Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s
                            Republic of China” (the “Enterprise Income Tax Law”) and the “Detailed Rules for the Implementation of the
                            Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China” (the “Implementation Rules”); and (iii) information
                            obtained from the STA, the Company is required to withhold and pay enterprise income tax when it pays the 2023
                            Final Dividend to its non-resident enterprise shareholders. The enterprise income tax is 10% on the amount of
                            dividend paid to non-resident enterprise shareholders (the “Enterprise Income Tax”), and the withholding and
                            payment obligation lies with the Company.


                            As a result of the foregoing, in respect of any shareholders whose names appear on the Company’s register of
                            members on the Final Dividend Record Date and who are not individuals (including HKSCC Nominees Limited, other
                            custodians, corporate nominees and trustees such as securities companies and banks, and other entities or
                            organisations), the Company will distribute the 2023 Final Dividend payable to them after deducting the amount of
                            Enterprise Income Tax payable on such dividend. Investors who invest in the shares in the Company listed on the
                            Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited through the Shanghai Stock Exchange or Shenzhen Stock
                            Exchange (the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect investors) are investors
                            who hold shares through HKSCC Nominees Limited, and in accordance with the above requirements, the Company
                            will pay to HKSCC Nominees Limited the amount of the 2023 Final Dividend after deducting the amount of Enterprise
                            Income Tax payable on such dividend.
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023 85




In respect of any shareholders whose names appear on         any claims, arising from any delay in, or inaccurate
the Company’s register of members on the Final               determination of, the status of the shareholders, or any
Dividend Record Date and who are individual                  disputes over the mechanism of withholding and
shareholders, there will be no deduction of Enterprise       payment of Enterprise Income Tax.
Income Tax from the dividend that such shareholder is
entitled to.                                                 MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
                                                             Other than employment contracts, no contract
Shareholders who are not individual shareholders listed      concerning the management and administration of the
on the Company’s register of members and who (i) are         whole or any substantial part of the Company’s business
resident enterprises of the People’s Republic of China       was entered into or existed during 2023.
(the “PRC”) (as defined in the Enterprise Income Tax
Law), or (ii) are enterprises deemed to be resident          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
enterprises of the PRC in accordance with the Notice,        At the close of the 2021 annual general meeting of the
and who, in each case, do not desire to have the             Company held on 13 May 2021, KPMG and KPMG
Company withhold Enterprise Income Tax from their            Huazhen LLP retired as independent auditors of the
2023 Final Dividend, should lodge with the Company’s         Company upon expiration of their term of office. The
Share Registrar, Hong Kong Registrars Limited, at Shops      Hong Kong financial reporting for the year ended
1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s          31 December 2021, 31 December 2022 and
Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, at or before 4:30 p.m.       31 December 2023 have been audited by Deloitte
of 6 June 2024, and present the documents from such          Touche Tohmatsu, which retire and, being eligible, offer
shareholder’s governing tax authority within the             itself for re-appointment at the 2024 annual general
territory of the PRC confirming that the Company is not      meeting. A resolution to re-appoint Deloitte Touche
required to withhold and pay Enterprise Income Tax in        Tohmatsu and to authorise the Directors to fix its
respect of the dividend that such shareholder is entitled    respective remuneration will be proposed at the 2024
to.                                                          annual general meeting.


If anyone would like to change the identity of the
holders in the register of members, please enquire
about the relevant procedures with the nominees or
trustees. The Company will withhold for payment of the
Enterprise Income Tax for its non-resident enterprise
shareholders strictly in accordance with the relevant
laws and requirements of the relevant government             By Order of the Board
agencies and adhere strictly to the information set out in   Chen Zhongyue
the Company’s register of members on the Final               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dividend Record Date. The Company assumes no
liability whatsoever in respect of and will not entertain    Hong Kong, 19 March 2024
86 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




HUMAN RESOURCES
DEVELOPMENT
                            China Unicom adheres to the people-oriented principle       recruited more than 10,000 talents through campus
                            and always pays attention to the mutual growth of its       recruitment and social recruitment. The Company
                            employees and the Company. It focuses on the                implemented the “New Seedling Scheme” in a unified
                            protection of the rights and interests, comprehensive       manner. In 2023, the number of new employees from
                            development and vitality stimulation of the workforce.      campus recruitment remained at a high level, which
                            The Company took multiple measures to enhance its           were mainly assigned to innovative fields. The training
                            employees’ sense of achievement, happiness and              system for young employees was established to
                            security. In 2023, with adherence to talent as its first    accelerate their growth and development.
                            resource, it unswervingly implemented the strategy of
                            strengthening the Company with talent, strived to           China Unicom adhered to the top-level design and
                            promote the continuous optimisation of the talent           conducted a comprehensive analysis and planning of the
                            structure, providing a strong guarantee for the high-       leadership and management team in accordance with
                            quality development of the Company through high-            the Company’s high-quality development needs for the
                            quality human resources.                                    next five years. The Company solidified the training of
                                                                                        job performance capabilities, strengthened overall
                            By implementing the strategy of strengthening the           planning of training in various professional areas, carried
                            Company with talent in great depth, China Unicom            out large-scale training programs to enhance
                            accelerated the establishment of national strategic         professional competency, and continuously optimised
                            talent force for scientific and technological innovation,   the structure of management personnel qualities and
                            and focused on supporting the realisation of high-level     capabilities. On the basis of giving full play to the
                            scientific and technological self-reliance and self-        enthusiasm of management personnel of all ages, the
                            improvement. The Company actively integrated itself         Company adopted systematic policies to continuously
                            into the general trend of “building a world-class talent    enhance the identification, cultivation, and utilisation
                            center and innovation hub”, it cultivated and attracted     outstanding young management talents, consistently
                            outstanding talents on all fronts. The Company focused      enhancing the construction of the management
                            on key groups such as high-level scientific and             personnel echelon. China Unicom continued to improve
                            technological talents as well as young scientific and       the supervision system for management personnel and
                            technological talents, supporting the significant
                            optimisation of strategic talent structure, continuously
                            improving the quality and efficiency of talents, and
                            promoting the construction of a high-level scientific and
                            technological talent team. China Unicom insisted on
                            improving efficiency while controlling the overall
                            quantity. The Company implemented target
                            management for labour efficiency. In 2023, the labour
                            productivity of the Company continued to improve, and
                            the workforce size maintained stable. In response to the
                            national policy for stabilising employment, the Company
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023 87




strengthened oversight of their performance. The             By strengthening the payroll management in full swing,
Company continuously refined the appraisal and               China Unicom adhered to the principles of equivalence
evaluation system, provided education and guidance to        between remunerations and outcomes, as well as
management personnel to firmly establish the correct         incentives and constraints, to reasonably determine the
performance perspective. It iteratively and deeply           annual payroll budget. Focusing on value creation and
promoted the term-based system and contractual               efficiency enhancement, the Company upheld the
management for management personnel. The Company             incremental revenue sharing mechanism, breaking
strengthened the performance-oriented approach and           through the rigidity of the existing system and
rationalised the distribution gap. Furthermore, the          promoting continuous improvement in the input and
Company promoted upward and downward mobility for            output of human resources. The Company invested
management personnel and continuously carried out            special resources to facilitate technological innovation
normalised exit mechanisms to stimulate the vitality of      and the creation of specialised and innovative
the management team.                                         capabilities. Highlighting the importance of core talents
                                                             in key positions, the Company established incentive and
Focusing on the main responsibilities of “serving the        constraint mechanisms that tailored to the unique skills
Cyber Superpower and building a Digital China”, and          and differential contributions of individual talents. China
centring around the main businesses of “Connectivity         Unicom was committed to addressing structural
and Communications, Computing and Digital Smart              contradictions in the distribution field, optimising the
Applications”, the Company prioritised the strategic         relationship of internal income distribution, and
execution training and innovation capabilities               reasonably determining the remuneration levels among
improvement for professionals and skilled talents. It also   different groups. With the implementation of diversified
devised the annual key training programs for                 incentives, the Company flexibly carried out medium
management and professional personnel. Based on the          and long-term incentive programs, and continued to
characteristics of skilled positions, the Company            operate the second phase of the restricted share
established standards to assess their capabilities,          incentive scheme for China United Network
improved curriculum systems, implemented training            Communications Limited (“the A Share Company”),
empowerment, and conducted competency                        thereby building a community of shared interests and
certification. This systematic implementation facilitated    risks.
independent cultivation for key capabilities. China
Unicom continued to carry out digital empowerment for
key groups, aiming to enhance their performance
capabilities and professional qualities.




                                             ANALYSIS OF STAFF COMPOSITION

      PERSONNEL BY PROFESSION                                         BY AGE                                BY EDUCATION BACKGROUND

                        50.30% Marketing                                   64.74% Between 30-50                             67.70% Bachelor
                                                                                  years old                                        degree
                        29.60% Technical
                                                                           18.37% Over 50 years                             22.30% College or
                        12.10% Administrative                                     old                                              below
                               & Support

                        8.00%   Management                                 16.89% Under 30 years                            10.00% Postgraduate or
                                                                                  old                                              above



  For further details of Human Resources Development, please refer to the relevant sections of the Company’s detailed Sustainability Report
  2023. Please visit the Company’s website at www.chinaunicom.com.hk.
88 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




INDEPENDENT
AUDITOR’S REPORT



TO THE MEMBERS OF CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG) LIMITED
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 93 to 201, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as
at 31 December 2023, the consolidated statement of income, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated
financial statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at
31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the
“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 89




Key audit matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Revenue recognition

We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter because         Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition comprising
there is an inherent industry risk around the accuracy of revenue       both control testing and substantive procedures on a sample
recorded by the IT billing systems given the complexity of the          basis, included involving our internal IT specialists to assist with:
systems and the significance of volumes of data processed by the
systems.                                                                •      Testing the IT environment in which the billing systems
                                                                               reside, including interface controls between different IT
Revenues from the provision of telecommunications services are, in             applications.
general, recognised as performance obligations are satisfied. Fees
for telecommunications packages are recognised for each service         •      Testing the key controls over the calculation of the
type in the packages. The data records are captured and the                    amounts billed to customers and the capturing and
revenue transactions are recorded by the IT billing systems.                   recording of the revenue transactions.


Details of the accounting policies for revenue recognition and an       •      Testing the key controls over the authorisation of the rate
analysis of revenues are disclosed in Notes 2.25 and 6, respectively,          changes and the input of such rates to the billing
to the consolidated financial statements.                                      systems.


                                                                        •      Testing the end-to-end reconciliations from data records
                                                                               to the billing systems and to the general ledger.


                                                                        •      Testing the accuracy of customer bill calculations and the
                                                                               respective revenue transactions recorded.


                                                                        •      Testing revenue transactions by comparing the amounts
                                                                               recognised in general ledger to supporting documents,
                                                                               including customer bills, contracts and billing reports.
90 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key audit matter                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets

We identified the impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets as a       Our procedures in relation to the impairment of goodwill and
key audit matter because the impairment assessment of the cash-           long-lived assets included:
generating unit to which those assets belong requires the
management to exercise significant judgments relating to the              •      With the assistance of our internal valuation specialists,
estimation of level of revenue, amount of operating costs and                    assessing the discount rate and assumptions used by the
applicable discount rate.                                                        management in the value in use model and comparing
                                                                                 the discount rate used by the management to externally
Details of the accounting policies for impairment of goodwill and                derived data and our own assessments of key inputs used
long-lived assets and the related accounting estimates are disclosed             in deriving the discount rate.
in Notes 2.8, 2.13 and 4.2, respectively, to the consolidated financial
statements. Details of goodwill impairment assessment are disclosed       •      With the assistance of our internal valuation specialists,
in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.                             comparing the key inputs to the projected cash flows,
                                                                                 such as the revenue growth rate and amount of operating
                                                                                 costs, with corresponding historical data to evaluate the
                                                                                 reasonableness of the management’s projections.


                                                                          •      Assessing and challenging the significant judgments and
                                                                                 estimates used in the management’s impairment
                                                                                 assessment and evaluating the sensitivity analysis
                                                                                 performed by the management.


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in
the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 91




RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the
directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors
either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a
body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
       design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
       provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
       resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
       internal control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
       circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
       made by the directors.
92 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
       obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s
       ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
       auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to
       modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However,
       future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and
       whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
       presentation.


•      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
       Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
       performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Ip Kan Wah.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
19 March 2024
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 93




                                              CONSOLIDATED STATEME NT
                                                          OF INCOME
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                           (All amounts in Renminbi (“RMB”) millions, except per share data)


                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         Note                   2023                2022


Revenue                                                                                    6                 372,597             354,944


Interconnection charges                                                                                      (11,294)            (10,947)
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                (84,847)            (86,829)
Network, operation and support expenses                                                    7                 (60,026)            (56,425)
Employee benefit expenses                                                                  8                 (62,939)            (60,726)
Costs of telecommunications products sold                                                  9                 (36,403)            (34,720)
Other operating expenses                                                                  10                (102,123)            (92,957)
Finance costs                                                                             11                  (1,981)             (1,095)
Interest income                                                                                                2,105               1,747
Share of net profit of associates                                                                              2,519               2,153
Share of net profit of joint ventures                                                                          1,803               1,593
Other income — net                                                                        12                   3,534               3,850


Profit before income tax                                                                                      22,945              20,588
Income tax expenses                                                                       13                  (4,023)             (3,751)


Profit for the year                                                                                           18,922              16,837


Profit attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                                                          18,726              16,745
  Non-controlling interests                                                                                      196                  92


Profit for the year                                                                                           18,922              16,837


Earnings per share for profit attributable to equity shareholders of the
  Company during the year:
Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                                            14                    0.61                 0.55


Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                                                          14                    0.61                 0.55


The notes on pages 102 to 201 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
94 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions)


                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2023             2022


Profit for the year                                                                                 18,922          16,837


Other comprehensive income


Items that will not be reclassified to statement of income:
  Changes in fair value of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive
    income (“FVOCI”) (non-recycling)                                                                  195             (160)
  Tax effect on changes in fair value of financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)             (4)                (2)


  Changes in fair value of financial assets measured at FVOCI, net of tax (non-recycling)             191             (162)
  Others                                                                                                (5)                (5)


                                                                                                      186             (167)


Items that may be reclassified subsequently to statement of income:
  Changes in fair value of financial assets measured at FVOCI, net of tax (recycling)                  43                 (53)
  Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                                     2                   2
  Currency translation differences                                                                     88                 408


                                                                                                      133                 357


Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                   319                 190


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             19,241          17,027


Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                                                19,038          16,940
  Non-controlling interests                                                                           203                  87


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             19,241          17,027


The notes on pages 102 to 201 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                    Annual Report 2023 95




                                             CONSOLIDATED STATEME NT
                                               OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                        At 31 December 2023
                                                               (All amounts in RMB millions)


                                                              As at 31 December
                                                       Note     2023                2022


ASSETS
Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                         15    355,995            352,433
  Right-of-use assets                                   16     52,608             59,227
  Goodwill                                              17      2,771              2,771
  Interest in associates                                19     44,188             42,469
  Interest in joint ventures                            20     10,240              8,582
  Deferred income tax assets                            13       817                 469
  Contract assets                                       21        86                  61
  Contract costs                                        22      8,493              5,857
  Financial assets measured at fair value               23      5,217              4,109
  Other assets                                          25     22,535             20,442


                                                              502,950            496,420


Current assets
  Inventories                                           26      2,217              1,882
  Contract assets                                       21       279                 271
  Accounts receivable                                   27     38,692             26,331
  Prepayments and other current assets                  28     26,208             21,155
  Amounts due from ultimate holding company             45      4,610              4,606
  Amounts due from related parties                      45       588                 465
  Amounts due from domestic carriers                            2,267              1,944
  Financial assets measured at fair value               23     24,428             19,593
  Short-term bank deposits and restricted deposits      24     11,079             14,699
  Cash and cash equivalents                             29     47,733             55,297


                                                              158,101            146,243


Total assets                                                  661,051            642,663
96 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
At 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions)


                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                            Note     2023               2022


EQUITY
Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
  Share capital                                             30     254,056         254,056
  Reserves                                                  31     (12,912)        (15,234)
  Retained profits
    — Proposed final dividend                               32       4,088              3,335
    — Others                                                       106,242             99,462


                                                                   351,474         341,619


Non-controlling interests                                            2,424              1,917


Total equity                                                       353,898         343,536


LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
  Long-term bank loans                                      33       1,252              1,528
  Lease liabilities                                         36      30,617             36,429
  Deferred income tax liabilities                           13        600                950
  Deferred revenue                                          37       9,212              7,832
  Amounts due to ultimate holding company                   45        881                300
  Other obligations                                         38        939               1,218


                                                                    43,501             48,257
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023 97




                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                        Note             2023              2022


Current liabilities
  Short-term bank loans                                                                  39               681               331
  Commercial papers                                                                      40                —               5,025
  Current portion of long-term bank loans                                                33               354               368
  Lease liabilities                                                                      36            12,640             12,495
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                               41           161,279           154,838
  Bills payable                                                                                         6,275              5,811
  Taxes payable                                                                                         3,547              2,197
  Amounts due to ultimate holding company                                                45             1,033              1,759
  Amounts due to related parties                                                         45            25,924             18,326
  Amounts due to domestic carriers                                                                      2,959              2,125
  Current portion of other obligations                                                   38             2,493              2,493
  Contract liabilities                                                                   21            46,179             44,714
  Advances from customers                                                                                 288               388


                                                                                                      263,652           250,870


Total liabilities                                                                                     307,153           299,127


Total equity and liabilities                                                                          661,051           642,663


Net current liabilities                                                                              (105,551)         (104,627)


Total assets less current liabilities                                                                 397,399           391,793


The notes on pages 102 to 201 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 19 March 2024 and signed on behalf of the Board by:




Chen Zhongyue                                   Li Yuzhuo
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer            Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer
98 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions)


                                                                     Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                General   Investment                                                                   Non-
                                                       Share       risk   revaluation      Statutory         Other        Retained               controlling      Total
                                              Note    capital   reserve       reserve       reserves      reserves          profits     Total      interests     equity


Balance at 1 January 2022                            254,056       987         (9,302)       32,815        (41,728)         95,509    332,337         1,096     333,433
Total comprehensive income for the year                   —          —          (162)            —             357          16,745     16,940            87      17,027
Contribution from non-controlling interests               —          —             —             —             235              —        235            739        974
Share of associate’s other reserves                       —          —             —             —              38              —         38             —          38
Appropriation to statutory reserves                       —          —             —          1,471             —           (1,471)        —             —           —
Dividends relating to 2021 final               32         —          —             —             —              —           (2,937)    (2,937)           —       (2,937)
Dividends relating to 2022 interim             32         —          —             —             —              —           (5,049)    (5,049)           —       (5,049)
Capital contribution relating to
   share-based payment borne by
   A Share Company (as defined in Note 1)      44         —          —             —             —              55              —         55             —          55
Others                                                    —          —             —             —              —               —          —              (5)        (5)


Balance at 31 December 2022                          254,056       987         (9,464)       34,286        (41,043)       102,797     341,619         1,917     343,536


Total comprehensive income for the year                   —          —           187             —             125          18,726     19,038           203      19,241
Contribution from non-controlling interests               —          —             —             —              44              —         44            342        386
Appropriation to statutory reserves                       —          —             —          1,647             —           (1,647)        —             —           —
Dividends relating to 2022 final               32         —          —             —             —              —           (3,335)    (3,335)           —       (3,335)
Dividends relating to 2023 interim             32         —          —             —             —              —           (6,211)    (6,211)           —       (6,211)
Capital contribution relating to
   share-based payment borne by
   A Share Company                             44         —          —             —             —             282              —        282             —         282
Others                                                    —          —             —             —              37              —         37            (38)         (1)


Balance at 31 December 2023                          254,056       987         (9,277)       35,933        (40,555)       110,330     351,474         2,424     353,898



The notes on pages 102 to 201 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023 99




                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEME NT
                                                       OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                 (All amounts in RMB millions)


                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  Note            2023                2022


Cash flows from operating activities
  Cash generated from operations                                                               106,022             103,365
  Interest received                                                                              2,105               1,747
  Interest paid                                                                                  (1,906)            (1,150)
  Income tax paid                                                                                (3,830)            (3,425)


  Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                    102,391             100,537


Cash flows from investing activities
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and
    other assets                                                                  (a)          (79,375)            (72,470)
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment and other assets                       1,388               1,710
  Acquisition of financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
    (“FVPL”)                                                                                     (1,230)            (1,741)
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets measured at FVPL                                    1,707               1,876
  Acquisition of debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                                 (22,980)            (17,630)
  Proceeds from disposal of debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                       17,397              26,864
  Proceeds from equity securities measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)                                  —                    1
  (Increase)/decrease in other financial assets measured at amortised cost                       (5,424)               700
  Dividends received from financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)                       159                 149
  Acquisition of interest in associates                                                           (776)                  (1)
  Acquisition of interest in joint ventures                                                          (5)                 —
  Proceeds from disposal of associates and joint ventures                                          400                   —
  Dividends received from associates                                                             1,246                 998
  Dividends received from joint venture                                                            150                 150
  Placement of short-term bank deposits and restricted deposits                                (11,015)             (9,818)
  Release of short-term bank deposits and restricted deposits                                   12,815               7,300
  Lending by Unicom Group Finance Company Limited (“Finance Company”) to
    a related party                                                                              (5,700)           (11,800)
  Repayment of loans from a related party to Finance Company                                     5,700              17,600


  Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                   (85,543)            (56,112)
100 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions)


                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       Note                2023               2022


Cash flows from financing activities
  Capital contributions from non-controlling interests                                                      386                867
  Proceeds from bank loans and other obligations                                                            711                330
  Proceeds from commercial papers                                                                             —              5,000
  Loans from related parties                                                                                583                471
  Repayment of short-term bank loans                                                                       (330)              (385)
  Repayment of long-term bank loans                                                                        (385)              (420)
  Repayment of commercial papers                                                                          (5,000)           (6,800)
  Repayment of related party loans                                                                         (913)                —
  Repayment of promissory notes                                                                               —             (1,000)
  Repayment of corporate bonds                                                                                —             (2,000)
  Capital element of lease rentals paid                                                                  (12,103)          (13,373)
  Payment of issuing expense for commercial papers                                                            —                 (5)
  Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the Company                                                    (9,546)           (7,986)
  Net deposits with Finance Company                                                                         949                621
  Decrease in statutory reserve deposits placed by Finance Company                                        1,542                870
  Repayment of other obligations                                                                           (409)                —


  Net cash outflow from financing activities                                                             (24,515)          (23,810)


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                      (7,667)           20,615
  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                           55,297             34,280
  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate                                                                103                402


Total cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                            29               47,733             55,297


Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents:
  Cash balances                                                                                               —                 —
  Bank balances                                                                                          47,733             55,297


                                                                                                         47,733             55,297


(a)    Major non-cash transaction: On 13 December 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved China United Network
       Communications Corporation Limited (“CUCL”) and China Tower Corporation Limited (“Tower Company”) to sign the commercial
       pricing agreement and the service agreement, which constituted a lease modification under HKFRS 16, “Leases”, the transaction
       has no impact on the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2022. Details of this transaction are
       set out in Note 16 and Note 45.


The notes on pages 102 to 201 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023 101




The reconciliation of profit before income tax to cash generated from operations is as follows:


                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                      2023              2022


Profit before income tax                                                                             22,945           20,588
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation and amortisation                                                                      84,847           86,829
  Interest income                                                                                    (2,105)           (1,747)
  Finance costs                                                                                       1,956             1,046
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                   1,181             1,882
  Impairment losses under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model and write-down of inventories            6,356             6,918
  Dividends from financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)                                    (159)             (149)
  Gains on disposal of financial assets measured at FVPL                                                (14)               (72)
  Gains on disposal of financial assets measured at FVOCI (recycling)                                    (1)                —
  Dividends from financial assets at FVPL                                                                (2)                —
  Investment income from debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                                 (424)             (438)
  Fair value gains on financial assets measured at FVPL                                                (114)               (24)
  Share of net profit of associates                                                                  (2,519)           (2,153)
  Share of net profit of joint ventures                                                              (1,803)           (1,593)
  Expenses for restricted shares of A Share Company granted to the Group’s employees                   282                  55


Changes in working capital:
  Increase in accounts receivable                                                                   (18,212)          (13,718)
  (Increase)/decrease in contract assets                                                                (28)               147
  Increase in contract costs                                                                         (8,498)           (5,529)
  Increase in inventories                                                                               (94)             (338)
  Decrease/(increase) in restricted deposits                                                           278             (1,083)
  Increase in other assets                                                                             (199)           (1,108)
  Increase in prepayments and other current assets                                                     (193)           (3,611)
  (Increase)/decrease in amounts due from ultimate holding company                                       (4)               188
  Increase in amounts due from related parties                                                         (123)             (195)
  (Increase)/decrease in amounts due from domestic carriers                                            (323)                63
  Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                               12,124           14,866
  Increase in other taxes payable                                                                      515                 742
  (Decrease)/increase in advances from customers                                                       (100)               266
  Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                                         1,465              (990)
  Increase in deferred revenue                                                                        1,464                980
  (Decrease)/increase in other obligations                                                              (49)                83
  Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to ultimate holding company                                        25             (2,440)
  Increase in amounts due to related parties                                                          6,714             4,037
  Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to domestic carriers                                              834               (137)


Cash generated from operations                                                                      106,022          103,365


The notes on pages 102 to 201 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
102 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


1.     ORGANISATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
       China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as a limited liability company in the Hong Kong Special
       Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”), the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) on 8 February 2000. The principal activity of the
       Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the Company’s subsidiaries are the provision of comprehensive
       telecommunications services. The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as the “Group”. The address of the
       Company’s registered office is 75th Floor, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong.


       The shares of the Company were listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”) on 22 June 2000.


       The substantial shareholders of the Company are China Unicom (BVI) Limited (“Unicom BVI”) and China Unicom Group
       Corporation (BVI) Limited (“Unicom Group BVI”). The majority of equity interests in Unicom BVI is owned by China United
       Network Communications Limited (hereinafter referred to as “A Share Company”), a joint stock company incorporated in the PRC
       on 31 December 2001, with its A shares listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 9 October 2002.


       The directors of the Company consider Unicom BVI and China United Network Communications Group Company Limited (a
       state-owned enterprise established in the PRC, hereinafter referred to as “Unicom Group”) as the immediate holding company
       and ultimate holding company, respectively.


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
       The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These
       policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


       2.1    Statement of compliance
              The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
              (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”), which collective term
              includes all applicable individual HKFRSs, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the
              HKICPA. The consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
              Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK (the “Listing Rules”) and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 103




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.2   Basis of preparation
           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial
           instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period.


           The consolidated financial statements prepared by the PRC subsidiaries for PRC statutory reporting purposes are based on
           Chinese Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises issued by the Ministry of Finance (the “MOF”) of the PRC, which
           became effective from 1 January 2007 with certain transitional provisions. The Group also prepared consolidated financial
           statements in accordance with Chinese Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises (“PRC financial statements”). There
           are certain differences between the Group’s HKFRS financial statements and PRC financial statements. The principal
           adjustments made to PRC financial statements to conform to HKFRSs include the following:


           •     reversal of the revaluation surplus or deficit and related amortisation charges arising from the revaluation of
                 prepayments for the leasehold land performed by independent valuers for the purpose of reporting to relevant
                 PRC government authorities, and adjustment for corresponding deferred taxation;


           •     recognition of goodwill associated with the acquisition of certain subsidiaries prior to 2005; and


           •     recognition of the dilution gain or loss of interest in equity method investees.


           (a)   Going Concern Assumption
                 As at 31 December 2023, current liabilities of the Group exceeded current assets by approximately RMB105.6
                 billion (2022: approximately RMB104.6 billion). Considering the current economic conditions and taking into
                 account of the Group’s expected capital expenditure in the foreseeable future, management has comprehensively
                 considered the Group’s available sources of funds as follows:


                 •      The Group’s continuous net cash inflows from operating activities;


                 •      Approximately RMB201.0 billion of revolving banking facilities of which approximately RMB190.1 billion was
                        unutilised as at 31 December 2023; and


                 •      Other available sources of financing from domestic banks and other financial institutions in view of the Group’s
                        good credit history.


                 In addition, the Group believes that it has the ability to raise funds from short, medium and long-term
                 perspectives and maintain reasonable financing costs through appropriate financing portfolio.


                 Based on the above considerations, the Board of Directors is of the opinion that the Group has sufficient funds to
                 meet its working capital commitments, expected capital expenditure and debt obligations. As a result, the
                 consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been prepared on a
                 going concern basis.
104 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.2    Basis of preparation (Continued)
              (b)     Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgment
                      The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to make
                      judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets,
                      liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
                      various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the
                      basis of making the judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
                      other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


                      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
                      recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
                      the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


                      Judgments made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the consolidated
                      financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 4.


              (c)     New Accounting Standards and Amendments
                      The HKICPA has issued a number of new and amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective for the current
                      accounting period of the Group:


                      •      HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020 and February 2022 Amendments to HKFRS 17), “Insurance Contracts”


                      •      Amendments to HKAS 8, “Definition of Accounting Estimates”


                      •      Amendments to HKAS 12, “Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction”


                      •      Amendments to HKAS 12, “International Tax Reform-Pillar Two Model Rules”


                      •      Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2, “Disclosure of Accounting Policies”


                      In addition, the Group applied the agenda decision of the International Financial Reporting Standard
                      Interpretations Committee of the International Accounting Standard Board (the “Committee”), including “Definition
                      of a Lease — Substitution Rights” (IFRS 16, “Leases”), which is relevant to the Group. Given that HKFRSs contain
                      wordings that are almost identical to the equivalent IFRS Standards except for minor differences, the agenda
                      decision of the Committee is equally applicable to the Group.


                      The amendments to HKAS 12, “Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction”
                      narrow the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets in paragraphs 15
                      and 24 of HKAS 12, “Income Taxes” so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise
                      to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023 105




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.2   Basis of preparation (Continued)
           (c)   New Accounting Standards and Amendments (Continued)
                 In accordance with the transition provision:


                 (i)    the Group has applied the new accounting policy retrospectively to leasing transactions that occurred on or
                        after 1 January 2022;


                 (ii)   the Group also, as at 1 January 2022, recognised a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is probable that
                        taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised) and a
                        deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary difference associated with right-of-use-assets
                        and lease liabilities.


                 The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial position and performance,
                 except that the Group disclosed the related deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets on a gross basis in
                 Note 13 which had no impact on the retained profits at the earliest period presented.


                 Except for the effect mentioned above, the application of the above new and amendments and agenda decisions
                 have had no material effect on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods
                 and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.


           (d)   Amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective:
                 The HKICPA has issued a number of amendments to HKFRSs which are not yet effective for the year ended
                 31 December 2023 and which have not been early adopted in these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                                         Effective for
                                                                                                                  accounting periods
                                                                                                                        beginning on
                                                                                                                              or after


                 •      Amendments to HKAS 1, “Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current” and           1 January 2024
                          related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)
                 •      Amendments to HKAS 1, “Non-current Liabilities with Covenants”                                1 January 2024
                 •      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28, “Sale or Contribution of Assets between an              to be determined
                          Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture”
                 •      Amendments to HKFRS 16, “Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback”                             1 January 2024
                 •      Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7, “Supplier Finance Arrangements”                             1 January 2024
                 •      Amendments to HKAS 21, “Lack of Exchangeability”                                              1 January 2025


                 The Group has not applied any amendments to HKFRSs that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.
                 The Group is assessing the impact of such amendments to standards, and will adopt the relevant amendments in
                 the subsequent periods as required. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a
                 significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.
106 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.3    Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
              Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights to
              variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over
              the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties)
              are considered.


              An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
              commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised
              profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
              Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to
              the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.


              The Group adopted the purchase method of accounting to account for business combination of entities and businesses
              under common control before 2005. Under the purchase method of accounting in force at the date of the acquisition, the
              cost of an acquisition was measured at the fair value of the assets given, equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred
              or assumed at the date of exchange. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed were
              measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date, irrespective of the extent of any non-controlling interest. The
              excess of the cost of acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets acquired was
              recorded as goodwill. If the cost of acquisition was less than the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net
              assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference was recognised directly in the consolidated statement of income.


              Under HKFRSs, business combination of entity and business under common control of the Group after 2005 was
              accounted for using merger accounting in accordance with the Accounting Guideline 5 “Merger accounting for common
              control combinations” (“AG 5”) issued by the HKICPA in 2005.


              Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in
              respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in
              the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial
              liability. For each business combination, the Group elects to measure non-controlling interests at the non-controlling
              interests’ proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.


              Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from
              equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are
              presented on the face of the consolidated statement of income and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
              as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests
              and the equity shareholders of the Company.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 107




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.3   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)
           Loans from holders of non-controlling interests and other contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as
           financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with Note 2.20 depending on the
           nature of the liability.


           Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
           transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
           consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or
           loss is recognised.


           When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary,
           with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date
           when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a
           financial asset (see Note 2.12) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a
           joint venture (see Note 2.4).


           In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses,
           unless the investment is classified as held for sale.


     2.4   Associates, joint ventures and joint arrangement
           An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its
           management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.


           A joint arrangement is an arrangement of which two or more parties have joint control. Joint control is the contractually
           agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the
           unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.


           A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group and other parties contractually agree to share control of the
           arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.


           An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the
           equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale).
           Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost. On acquisition of the investment in an associate or
           a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable
           assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the
           investment. The cost of the investment includes purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the
           investment, and any direct investment into the associate or joint venture that forms part of the Group’s equity
           investment. Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s
           net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment. The Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax results
           of the investees and any impairment losses are recognised in the consolidated statement of income, whereas the Group’s
           share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised as other
           comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
108 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.4    Associates, joint ventures and joint arrangement (Continued)
              When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s interest is
              reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
              constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying
              amount of the investment under the equity method together with the Group’s long-term interests that in substance form
              part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture (after applying the ECL model to such other
              long-term interests where applicable).


              Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint venture are
              eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
              impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


              If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, retained interest is not
              remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.


              In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
              venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being
              recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint
              control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial
              asset. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to
              that associate or joint venture on the same basis as would be required if that associate or joint venture had directly
              disposed of the related assets or liabilities.


              A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the Group and other parties that have joint control of the arrangement
              have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the joint arrangement.


              The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation in
              accordance with HKFRSs applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.


              To better share the risks and rewards associated with the construction, operation and maintenance of the 5G network
              infrastructure, the Group entered into a framework agreement with China Telecom Corporation Limited (“China Telecom”)
              to build, maintain and share one nationwide 5G access network infrastructure (the “Cooperation Agreement”). In
              accordance with the Cooperation Agreement, each of the Group and China Telecom is responsible for the construction
              and maintenance of 5G network infrastructure in their respective designated regions, and bears the associated
              construction, maintenance and operating costs. Both parties have established a joint operation mechanism and key
              decisions including overall network planning, construction project commencement and completion acceptance and a
              unified standard on construction and maintenance services across all regions are subject to mutual agreement by both
              parties.


              The Group has accounted for the arrangement as a joint operation that is not structured through a separate vehicle, and
              has recognised its share of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 109




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.5   Segment reporting
           Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
           decision maker (the “CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the
           operating segments regularly, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that make strategic
           decisions.


     2.6   Foreign currency translation
           (a)    Functional and presentation currency
                  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
                  primary economic environment in which the entities operate (the “functional currency”). The consolidated financial
                  statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency.


           (b)    Transactions and balances
                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the
                  dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting
                  from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets
                  and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the statement of income. Non-monetary items
                  carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date
                  when the fair value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit
                  or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or
                  loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain
                  or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of
                  historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


           (c)    Group companies
                  The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary
                  economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the
                  presentation currency as follows:


                  •      Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at
                         the date of the statement of financial position;


                  •      Income and expenses for each statement presenting profit or loss and other comprehensive income are
                         translated at average exchange rates (unless the use of the average rate for a period is not a reasonable
                         approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case
                         income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions); and


                  •      All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and as a separate component
                         of equity into other reserves.


                  On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign operations are
                  recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold, such exchange differences
                  attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company are reclassified to the statement of income as part of the
                  gain or loss on disposal.
110 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.7    Property, plant and equipment
              (a)     Construction-in-progress
                      Construction-in-progress (“CIP”) mainly represents buildings, plant and equipment under construction and pending
                      installation, and is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Costs include construction and acquisition
                      costs, and interest charges arising from borrowings used to finance the assets during the construction period. No
                      provision for depreciation is made on CIP until such time as the assets are completed and ready for its intended
                      use. When the asset being constructed becomes available for use, the CIP is transferred to the appropriate
                      category of assets.


              (b)     Property, plant and equipment
                      Property, plant and equipment held by the Group are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
                      accumulated impairment losses, and are depreciated over their expected useful lives.


                      Property, plant and equipment comprise buildings, telecommunications equipment, leasehold improvements, office
                      furniture, fixtures, motor vehicles and other equipment. The cost of an asset, except for those acquired in
                      exchange for a non-monetary asset or assets, comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of
                      bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use, including costs of testing whether the
                      related assets is functioning properly.


                      If an item of property, plant and equipment is acquired in exchange for another item of non-monetary assets, the
                      cost of such an item of property, plant and equipment is measured at fair value unless (i) the exchange
                      transactions lacks commercial substance or (ii) the fair value of neither the asset received nor the asset given up is
                      reliably measurable. If the acquired item is not measured at fair value, its cost is measured at the carrying amount
                      of the asset given up.


                      Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
                      only when it is probable at the time the costs are incurred that future economic benefits associated with the item
                      will flow to the Group, and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced
                      part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated statement of income
                      during the financial period in which they are incurred.


              (c)     Depreciation
                      Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs
                      less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:


                                                                                                    Depreciable life          Residual rate


                      Buildings                                                                        10–30 years                       3%
                      Telecommunications equipment                                                       5–10 years                   0–3%
                      Office furniture, fixtures, motor vehicles and other equipment                     5–10 years                      3%
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 111




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.7   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
           (c)    Depreciation (Continued)
                  Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their estimated useful lives and the lease terms.


                  The assets’ residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each
                  date of the statement of financial position.


           (d)    Gain or loss on disposal of property, plant or equipment
                  Gains or losses on disposal of property, plant or equipment are determined by comparing the net sales proceeds
                  with the carrying amounts, and are recognised in the consolidated statement of income.


     2.8   Goodwill
           Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net
           identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiaries at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is tested at least annually for
           impairment and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed. Gain
           or loss on the disposal of an entity includes the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.


           Goodwill is allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) for the purpose of impairment testing,
           which are expected to benefit from the synergies of business combination in which the goodwill arose and represent the
           lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating
           segment. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the
           carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each
           asset in the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units).


     2.9   Contract costs
           Contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or the costs to fulfil a contract
           with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory (see Note 2.15), property, plant and equipment (see Note 2.7) or
           intangible assets.


           Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with a customer that
           it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained, e.g. an incremental sales commission. Incremental costs
           of obtaining a contract are capitalised when incurred if the costs are expected to be recovered, unless the expected
           amortisation period is one year or less from the date of initial recognition of the asset, in which case the costs are
           expensed when incurred. Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.
112 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.9    Contract costs (Continued)
              Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically identifiable
              anticipated contract, generate or enhance resources that will be used to provide goods or services in the future and are
              expected to be recovered. Costs that relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically identifiable anticipated
              contract may include direct labour, direct materials, allocations of costs, costs that are explicitly chargeable to the
              customer and other costs that are incurred only because the Group entered into the contract. Other costs of fulfilling a
              contract, which are not capitalised as inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as
              incurred.


              Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses (see Note 2.13).


              Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is charged to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent with the
              transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate.


       2.10   Contract assets and contract liabilities
              A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see Note 2.25) before being unconditionally entitled
              to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets are assessed for ECL in accordance
              with the policy set out in Note 2.14 and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become
              unconditional (see Note 2.16).


              A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has
              received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.


              The Group provides subscriber points reward program, the transaction price of providing telecommunications services and
              the subscriber points reward is allocated based on their standalone selling price. The allocated portion of transaction price
              for the subscriber points reward is recorded as contract liability when the rewards are granted and recognised as revenue
              when the points are redeemed or expired.


              For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
              contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 113




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.11   Other assets
            Other assets mainly represent (i) computer software; (ii) long-term prepaid services charges for transmission lines and
            electricity cables.


            (i)    Acquired computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use
                   the specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis.


            (ii)   Long-term prepaid services charges for transmission lines and electricity cables are amortised using a straight-line
                   method over service period.


     2.12   Financial assets and financial liabilities
            The Group classifies its financial assets into two measurement categories: those measured at amortised cost and those
            measured at fair value. The determination is made at initial recognition and the classification depends on the entity’s
            business model for managing its financial instruments and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the instrument.


            Financial assets measured at amortised cost
            Financial assets are classified under this category if they satisfy both of the following conditions:


            •      The assets are held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual cash
                   flows on the financial assets, but not for the purpose of realising fair value gains; and


            •      The contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                   principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, with interest being the consideration for the time value
                   of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of
                   time.


            Cash and cash equivalents, short-term bank deposits and restricted deposits, accounts receivable, certain financial assets
            included in prepayments and other current assets, amounts due from ultimate holding company, amounts due from
            related parties, amounts due from domestic carriers and certain other assets are classified under this category.


            Financial assets under this category are carried at amortised cost using effective interest method less provision for
            impairment. The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset and of
            allocating interest income over the relevant period. Interest income is recognised in the consolidated statement of income
            using the effective interest method and disclosed as interest income.


            The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or
            when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another
            entity. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of financial assets, being the differences between the net sales
            proceeds and the carrying values, are recognised in the consolidated statement of income.
114 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.12   Financial assets and financial liabilities (Continued)
              Financial assets measured at fair value
              Investments and other financial assets are classified under this category if they do not meet the conditions to be
              measured at amortised cost. Financial assets under this category are debt and equity investments carried at fair value.


              Debt investments are classified as FVOCI (recycling), if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely
              payments of principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by
              both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale. Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive
              income, except for the recognition in profit or loss of ECLs, interest income (calculated using the effective interest
              method) and foreign exchange gains and losses. When the investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in other
              comprehensive income is recycled from equity to profit or loss.


              An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading purposes and
              on initial recognition of the investment, the Group makes an irrevocable election to designate the investment at FVOCI
              (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income. Such
              irrevocable elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis at the time of initial recognition, but may only be
              made if the investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where such an election is made, the
              amount accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the investment revaluation reserve (non-recycling) until
              the investment is disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve
              (non-recycling) is transferred to retained profits. It is not recycled through profit or loss. Fair value gains or losses of
              financial assets measured at FVPL and dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified
              as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income in accordance with the policy set out in Note 2.27.


              Financial liabilities
              The Group’s financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at
              FVPL.


              The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating
              interest expense over the relevant period.


              The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or
              have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration
              paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.


              Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability
              A financial asset and a financial liability are offset as a net amount presented in the consolidated statement of financial
              position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and
              intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 115




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.13   Impairment of non-financial assets other than goodwill
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment,
            right-of-use assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives and contract costs to determine whether there is any
            indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
            relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets that are not
            yet available for use are not subject to amortisation and are tested for impairment at each date of the statement of
            financial position and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired. For the purpose of assessing
            impairment, assets are estimated individually, or when it is not possible, grouped at the smallest levels for which there
            are largely independent identifiable cash inflows of those from other assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating
            unit”). Before the Group recognises an impairment loss for assets capitalised as contract costs under HKFRS 15 “Revenue
            from contracts with customers” (“HKFRS 15”), the Group assesses and recognises any impairment loss on other assets
            related to the relevant contracts in accordance with applicable standards. Then, impairment loss, if any, for assets
            capitalised as contract costs is recognised to the extent the carrying amounts exceeds the remaining amount of
            consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for related goods or services less the costs which relate
            directly to providing those goods or services that have not been recognised as expenses. The assets capitalised as
            contract costs are then included in the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit to which they belong for the purpose
            of evaluating impairment of that cash-generating unit. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the
            asset’s (or the cash-generating unit’s) carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the
            higher of (i) fair value less costs of disposal and (ii) value in use.


     2.14   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets
            The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECLs on the following items:


            —      financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, short-term bank deposits and
                   restricted deposits, accounts receivable, certain financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets,
                   amounts due from ultimate holding company, amounts due from related parties, amounts due from domestic
                   carriers and certain other assets);


            —      contract assets as defined in HKFRS 15 (see Note 2.10); and


            —      debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling).


            Financial assets measured at fair values, including financial assets measured at FVPL and financial assets measured at
            FVOCI (non-recycling), are not subject to the ECL assessment.
116 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.14   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)
              Measurement of ECLs
              ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all expected
              cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash
              flows that the Group expects to receive).


              The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is
              exposed to credit risk.


              In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue
              cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic
              conditions.


              ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:


              —       twelve-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the twelve
                      months after the reporting date; and


              —       lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected lives
                      of the items to which the ECL model applies.


              Loss allowances for accounts receivable and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
              ECLs on financial assets assessed on collective basis are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s
              historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the
              current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.


              For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to twelve months ECLs unless there has
              been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss
              allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 117




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.14   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)
            Significant increases in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
            compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at the reporting date with that assessed at the
            date of initial recognition. The Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
            supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.


            In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly
            since initial recognition:


            —      failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;


            —      an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit rating (if
                   available);


            —      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and


            —      existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a significant
                   adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.


            Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is performed
            on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial
            instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.


            ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk since initial
            recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. Except for debt
            securities measured at FVOCI (recycling), the Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all other financial
            instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, while
            corresponding adjustment of debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling) is made to other comprehensive income
            without reducing its carrying amount.
118 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.14   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)
              Credit-impaired financial assets
              At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset is credit-impaired
              when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have
              occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:


              —       significant financial difficulties of the debtor;


              —       a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments;


              —       the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty,
                      having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;


              —       it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;


              —       the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.


              Write-off policy
              The gross carrying amount of a financial asset or contract asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that
              there is no realistic prospect of recovery. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under
              the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a
              derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in the consolidated statement of income.


       2.15   Inventories
              Inventories, which primarily comprise handsets and accessories, are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
              Cost is based on the first-in-first-out method and comprises all costs of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the
              inventories to their present location and condition. Net realisable value for all the inventories is determined on the basis
              of anticipated sales proceeds less estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include
              incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and other costs necessary to sell inventories.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 119




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.16   Accounts receivable
            A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right to receive
            consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due. If
            revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration, the amount is
            presented as a contract asset (see Note 2.10).


            Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses (see Note
            2.14).


     2.17   Short-term bank deposits and restricted deposits
            Short-term bank deposits are cash invested in fixed-term deposits with original maturities ranging from more than three
            months to one year.


            Restricted deposits mainly included statutory reserve deposits with the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”) placed by
            Finance Company and customers deposit placed by Unicompay Company Limited for e-payment services.


     2.18   Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:


            (a)      cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are subject to regulatory
                     restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash; and


            (b)      cash equivalents, which comprise of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or less), highly
                     liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant
                     risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather
                     than for investment or other purposes.


            For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash
            equivalents as defined above.


     2.19   Government grants
            Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when there is reasonable
            assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them. Grants that
            compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same period in
            which the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are recognised as deferred
            revenue which consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset.
120 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.20   Borrowings
              Borrowings including bank loans and commercial papers are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs
              incurred. Borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised cost, any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
              costs) and the redemption value is recognised in the consolidated statement of income over the period of the
              instruments using the effective interest method.


              Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
              liability for at least twelve months after the date of the statement of financial position.


       2.21   Share capital
              Ordinary shares are classified as equity.


              Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from
              the proceeds.


              Where any group company purchases the Company’s ordinary shares (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including
              any directly attributable incremental costs (net of tax) is deducted from equity attributable to equity shareholders of the
              Company and no gain or loss shall be recognised in the consolidated statement of income.


       2.22   Employee benefits
              (a)     Retirement benefits
                      The Group participates in defined contribution pension schemes. For defined contribution plans, the Group pays
                      contributions to publicly or privately administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or
                      voluntary basis. The Group is required to make contributions to the pension insurance plans at certain percentage
                      of the employees’ payroll. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due.
                      Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a reduction in the future payments is available.
                      For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no forfeited contributions may be used by the Group to reduce
                      the existing level of contributions.


              (b)     Medical insurance
                      The Group’s contributions to basic and supplementary medical insurances are expensed as incurred. The Group has
                      no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.


              (c)     Housing benefits
                      One-off cash housing subsidies paid to PRC employees are charged to the consolidated statement of income in the
                      year in which it is determined that the payment of such subsidies is probable and the amounts can be reasonably
                      estimated.


                      The Group’s contributions to the housing fund, special monetary housing benefits and other housing benefits are
                      expensed as incurred. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 121




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.22   Employee benefits (Continued)
            (d)   Supplementary benefits
                  In addition to participating in local governmental defined contribution social insurance, individual subsidiaries of the
                  Group also provide other post retirement supplementary benefits to their employees, including supplementary
                  pension allowance, reimbursement of medical expenses and supplementary medical insurance. These post
                  retirement supplementary benefits are accounted as defined benefit plan. For defined benefit plan, the Group’s
                  obligation for this benefit plan is determined using the projected unit credit method and recognised as liability,
                  with actuarial valuation carried out at the end of each annual reporting period.


                  The actuarial valuation was carried out by Willis Towers Watson (Member of China Association of Actuaries), a
                  qualified independent actuary. Actuarial assumptions mainly include discount rate and future mortality etc. This
                  defined benefit plan does not have any plan assets. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is included
                  in non-current other obligations and salary and welfare payables (current portion). As at 31 December 2023, the
                  amount of the liability was RMB117 million (2022: RMB109 million). The remeasurement of liability is recognised in
                  other comprehensive income, which is not allowed to reverse to profit or loss in subsequent period.


            (e)   Share-based compensation costs
                  The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan. The fair value of the employee services
                  received in exchange for the grant of the share options is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be
                  expensed over the vesting period is determined by reference to the fair value of the share options granted at the
                  grant date excluding the impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example, revenue and profit targets) and
                  is not subsequently remeasured. However, non-market vesting conditions are considered in determining the
                  number of options that are expected to vest. At each date of the statement of financial position, the Group revises
                  its estimates of the number of share options that are expected to vest. The Group recognises the impact of the
                  revision of original estimates, if any, in the consolidated statement of income of the period in which the revision
                  occurs, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.


                  The equity amount is recognised in other reserves until either the option is exercised (when it is included in the
                  amount recognised in share capital for the shares issued) or the option expires (when it is released directly to
                  retained profits).


            (f)   Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme
                  Restricted shares granted by A Share Company to the employees of the Group is treated as a capital contribution.
                  The fair value of the core employee services received in exchange for the grant of the restricted shares is
                  recognised as an expense over the vesting period, with a corresponding credit to equity. The total amount to be
                  expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the granted shares measured as of the grant date less the
                  subscription price.


                  At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of restricted shares that are
                  expected to be vested. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss,
                  with a corresponding adjustment to equity.
122 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.23   Accounts payable
              Accounts payable are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business
              from suppliers. Accounts payable are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the
              normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.


              Accounts payable are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
              interest method.


       2.24   Provisions
              Provisions are recognised when the Group has present legal or constructive obligations as a result of past events, it is
              probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the amount has been reliably
              estimated. Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement
              is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
              outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small (if the other recognition
              criteria are met).


              Provisions are measured at the present value of the pre-tax amount of expenditures expected to be required to settle the
              obligation that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation.
              The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.


       2.25   Revenue recognition
              Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the provision of services and the sale of goods in the
              ordinary course of the Group’s business.


              Revenue is recognised when a performance obligation is satisfied (i.e. when control over a product or service is
              transferred to the customer) at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled,
              excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and
              is after deduction of any trade discounts.


              A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of
              distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. For contracts that contain more than one performance
              obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling
              price basis.


              The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is determined at
              contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised good or service separately to a
              customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate techniques
              such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to
              which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023 123




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.25   Revenue recognition (Continued)
            Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer for
            more than twelve months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the
            discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is
            accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which
            provides a significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest
            expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical
            expedient in HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the
            period of financing is twelve months or less.


            Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
            satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:


            •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group
                   performs;


            •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


            •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
                   enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.


            Further details of the Group’s revenue recognition policies are as follows:


            •      Voice usage and monthly fees are recognised when the services are rendered;


            •      Revenues from the provision of broadband and mobile data services are recognised when the services are provided
                   to customers;


            •      Data and internet application service revenues, which mainly represent revenue from the provision of data storage
                   and application, information communications technology and other internet related services, are recognised during
                   the period of fulfillment of services obligation;


            •      Other value-added services revenues, which mainly represents revenue from the provision of services such as short
                   message, cool ringtone, personalised ring, caller number display and secretarial services to subscribers etc., are
                   recognised when services are rendered;


            •      Interconnection fees, which represent revenue from other domestic and foreign telecommunications operators for
                   the use of the Group’s telecommunications network, are recognised when services are rendered;


            •      Revenue from transmission lines usage and associated services, which mainly represent income from offering
                   transmission lines and customer-end equipment to customers for usage and related services, are recognised upon
                   fulfillment of services obligation over the respective usage and service period;
124 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.25   Revenue recognition (Continued)
              •       Standalone sales of telecommunications products, which mainly represent handsets and accessories, and
                      telecommunications equipment, are recognised when control has been transferred to the buyers;


              •       The Group offers preferential packages to customers which include bundle sale of mobile handsets and provision of
                      services. The total contract consideration of such preferential packages is allocated to service revenue and sales of
                      handsets based on their standalone selling prices. Revenue relating to the sale of handset is recognised when the
                      title is passed to the customer whereas service revenue is recognised based upon the actual usage of
                      telecommunications services.


              In general, revenue from rendering of telecommunication services are recognised over-time during the period of
              fulfillment of services obligation using output method, whereas revenue from sales of handsets and other
              telecommunications equipment are treated as separate performance obligations, are recognised at a point in time.


              When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the nature
              of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or
              to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).


              The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is transferred to a
              customer.


              The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good or service by
              another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by another party before
              that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the
              amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or
              services to be provided by the other party.


       2.26   Interest income
              Interest income from deposits in banks or other financial institutions is recognised on a time proportion basis, using the
              effective interest method. For financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective
              interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit impaired financial assets, the effective
              interest rate is applied to the amortised cost of the asset.


       2.27   Dividend income
              Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 125




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.28   Lease
            At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a
            lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
            consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and to
            obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.


            (a)     As a lessee
                    At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the
                    consideration in the contract to each lease and non-lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone
                    prices.


                    At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for
                    short-term leases of primarily computers and office furniture that have a lease term of 12 months or less and do
                    not contain a purchase option and leases of low-value assets. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a
                    low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments
                    associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the
                    lease term.


                    Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease payments
                    payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be
                    readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is
                    adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or
                    rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the
                    accounting period in which they are incurred.


                    The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises the
                    initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, and any
                    initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs
                    to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located,
                    discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated
                    at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see Note 2.13). Right-of-use assets are subsequently
                    depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful
                    life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are
                    determined on the same basis as those of property, plant and equipment.


                    The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an
                    index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual
                    value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will be reasonably
                    certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way,
                    a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or
                    loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.
126 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.28   Lease (Continued)
              (a)     As a lessee (Continued)
                      The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for a
                      lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease modification”) that is not accounted for as a
                      separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term
                      using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


                      The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the
                      relevant right-of-use assets.


                      In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is determined
                      as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting
                      period. The Group presents right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately in the consolidated statement of
                      financial position.


              (b)     As a lessor
                      When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an
                      operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
                      incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified as an
                      operating lease.


                      When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract
                      to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from operating leases is
                      recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an
                      alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset.
                      Lease incentives granted are recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments
                      receivable. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the
                      accounting period in which they are earned.


                      When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an operating lease
                      with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is a short-term lease to
                      which the Group applies the exemption described in Note 2.28(a), then the Group classifies the sub-lease as an
                      operating lease.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 127




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.29   Borrowing costs
            Borrowing costs are expensed as incurred, except for interest directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
            production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use, in which case
            they are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when expenditures for
            the asset and borrowing costs are being incurred and the activities to prepare the asset for its intended use are in
            progress. Borrowing costs are capitalised up to the date when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the
            project is completed and ready for its intended use.


            To the extent that funds are borrowed specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, the amount of
            borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is determined at the actual borrowing costs incurred on that borrowing during
            the period less any investment income on the temporary investment of those borrowings.


            To the extent that funds are borrowed generally and used for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, the amount of
            borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is determined by applying a capitalisation rate to the expenditures on that asset.
            The capitalisation rate is the weighted average of the borrowing costs applicable to the borrowings of the Group that are
            outstanding during the period, other than borrowings made specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset.
            The amount of borrowing costs capitalised during a period does not exceed the amount of borrowing cost incurred during
            that period. Other borrowing costs are recognised as expenses when incurred.


     2.30   Taxation
            (a)    Current income tax
                   The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantially enacted at the
                   date of the statement of financial position in the jurisdictions where the Company and its subsidiaries operate and
                   generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to
                   situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where
                   appropriate on the basis of the amount expected to be paid to the tax authorities.


            (b)    Deferred income tax
                   Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the
                   differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax
                   bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.


                   Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is
                   probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised. Future
                   taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary
                   differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those
                   differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either
                   in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax
                   loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when
                   determining whether existing taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising
                   from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same
                   taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the
                   tax loss or credit can be utilised.
128 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.30   Taxation (Continued)
              (b)     Deferred income tax (Continued)
                      The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences arising
                      from goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither
                      accounting nor taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination) and at the time of the
                      transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, and temporary differences
                      relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the
                      timing of the reversal and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the
                      case of deductible differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the future.


                      The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the
                      extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit
                      to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits
                      will be available.


                      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
                      against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same
                      taxation authority.


                      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use
                      assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to
                      the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities. For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable
                      to the lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS 12 requirements to the lease liabilities, and the related assets
                      separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable
                      that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a
                      deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.


                      Current and deferred income tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
                      recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred income
                      tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or
                      deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the
                      accounting for the business combination.


       2.31   Dividend distribution
              Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the period in which the dividends are
              approved by the Company’s shareholders.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 129




2.   SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     2.32   Research and development expenditure
            Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred. An
            internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an internal
            project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:


            •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;


            •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;


            •      the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;


            •      how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;


            •      the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell
                   the intangible asset; and


            •      the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.


            The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the
            date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible
            asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.


            For the year ended 31 December 2023, research and development expenditure recognised as expense in the consolidated
            statement of income was RMB8,099 million (2022: RMB6,836 million).


     2.33   Earnings per Share
            Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the
            weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.


            Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the
            weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, after adjusting for the effects of the dilutive
            potential ordinary shares.
130 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


2.     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
       2.34   Related parties
              (a)     A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:


                      (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                      (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                      (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.


              (b)     An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:


                      (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and
                              fellow subsidiary is related to the others);


                      (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member
                              of a group of which the other entity is a member);


                      (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;


                      (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;


                      (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                              related to the Group;


                      (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a); or


                      (vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                              personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


              Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced
              by, that person in their dealings with the entity.
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 131




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     3.1   Financial risk factors
           The Group’s operating activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk, price
           risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management
           program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the
           Group’s financial performance.


           Financial risk management is carried out by the Group’s headquarter, following the overall direction determined by the
           executive directors of the Company. The Group’s headquarter identifies and evaluates financial risks in close co-operation
           with the Group’s operating units.


           (a)    Market risk
                  (i)    Foreign exchange risk
                         The Group’s major operational activities are carried out in Mainland China and a majority of the
                         transactions are denominated in RMB. The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various
                         currency exposures, primarily with respect to United States dollars (“US dollars”), Hong Kong dollars (“HK
                         dollars” or “HKD”) and European dollars (“Euro”). Exchange risk mainly exists with respect to the financial
                         assets and financial liabilities denominated in foreign currencies including balances with international
                         carriers, cash and cash equivalents.


                         The Group’s headquarter is responsible for monitoring the amount of monetary assets and liabilities
                         denominated in foreign currencies. From time to time, the Group may consider entering into forward
                         exchange contracts or currency swap contracts to mitigate the foreign exchange risk. During the years of
                         2023 and 2022, the Group had not entered into any forward exchange contracts or currency swap
                         contracts.


                         The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk arising
                         from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the
                         entity to which they relate and have been translated to RMB at the applicable rates quoted by the PBOC as
                         at 31 December 2023 and 2022.
132 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


3.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
       3.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)
              (a)     Market risk (Continued)
                      (i)    Foreign exchange risk (Continued)

                                                                                             2023                                2022
                                                                                Original                    RMB      Original                    RMB
                                                                               currency    Exchange    equivalent   currency    Exchange    equivalent
                                                                                millions        rate     millions    millions        rate     millions


                             Cash and cash equivalents:
                                — denominated in HK dollars                          55        0.91           50          38        0.89           34
                                — denominated in US dollars                         698        7.08        4,945         692        6.96        4,818
                                — denominated in Euro                                22        7.86          176          19        7.42          139
                                — denominated in Japanese Yen (“JPY”)               199        0.05           10          19        0.05            1
                                — denominated in Great Britain Pound (“GBP”)         —         9.04            2          —         8.39           —
                                — denominated in Singapore dollars (“SGD”)           28        5.38          149          28        5.18          147
                                — denominated in Australian dollars (“AUD”)          —         4.85            1          —         4.71            2


                             Sub-total                                                                     5,333                                5,141


                             Accounts receivable:
                                — denominated in HK dollars                          —         0.91           —           —         0.89           —
                                — denominated in US dollars                          79        7.08          560         112        6.96          780
                                — denominated in Euro                                 2        7.86           16           2        7.42           15
                                — denominated in JPY                                856        0.05           43       1,396        0.05           73
                                — denominated in GBP                                  4        9.04           36           2        8.39           17
                                — denominated in SGD                                 33        5.38          177          26        5.18          135
                                — denominated in AUD                                  5        4.85           24           7        4.71           33


                             Sub-total                                                                       856                                1,053


                             Financial assets measured at FVOCI:
                                — denominated in Euro                               227        7.86        1,783         217        7.42        1,613


                             Capital bonds measured at amortised cost:
                               — denominated in US dollars                           61        7.08          433          —         6.96           —


                             Total                                                                         8,405                                7,807


                             Borrowings:
                               — denominated in US dollars                           22        7.08          153          25        6.96          171
                               — denominated in Euro                                  1        7.86           10           1        7.42           11


                             Sub-total                                                                       163                                  182


                             Accounts payable:
                                — denominated in HK dollars                       1,084        0.91          982         400        0.89          357
                                — denominated in US dollars                          97        7.08          687          61        6.96          425
                                — denominated in Euro                                 6        7.86           47           1        7.42            7
                                — denominated in JPY                                 —         0.05           —           —         0.05           —
                                — denominated in GBP                                 —         9.04           —            1        8.39            8
                                — denominated in SGD                                 —         5.38           —            6        5.18           31


                             Sub-total                                                                     1,716                                  828


                             Total                                                                         1,879                                1,010
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023 133




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)
           (a)    Market risk (Continued)
                  (i)    Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
                         The Group did not have and does not believe it will have any difficulties in exchanging its foreign currency
                         cash into RMB at the exchange rates quoted by the PBOC.


                         As at 31 December 2023, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 10% against foreign currencies, primarily
                         with respect to US dollars, HK dollars, Euro, JPY, GBP, SGD and AUD, while all other variables are held
                         constant, the profit after tax would increase/decrease approximately RMB356 million (2022: approximately
                         RMB389 million) for monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, and other
                         comprehensive income would increase/decrease approximately RMB178 million (2022: approximately
                         RMB161 million) for financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) denominated in foreign currency.


                 (ii)    Price risk
                         The Group is exposed to equity securities price risk because investments held by the Group are classified in
                         the consolidated statement of financial position as financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) or
                         FVPL.


                         The financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) comprise primarily equity securities of Telefónica S.A.
                         (“Telefónica”). As at 31 December 2023, if the share price of Telefónica had increased/decreased by 10%,
                         while the exchange rate of RMB against Euro is held constant, other comprehensive income would
                         increase/decrease approximately RMB178 million (2022: approximately RMB161 million). The listed
                         investments measured at FVPL comprise primarily equity securities of certain PRC listed companies. As at
                         31 December 2023, if the price of the respective listed equity securities had increased/decreased by 10%,
                         profit after tax would increase/decrease approximately RMB8 million (2022: approximately RMB7 million).


                 (iii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                         The Group’s interest-bearing assets are mainly represented by bank deposits, debt securities measured at
                         FVOCI (recycling), financial assets held under resale agreements and investments in capital bonds.
                         Management does not expect the changes in market deposit interest rates will have significant impact on
                         the financial statements as the deposits are all short-term in nature and the interest involved will not be
                         significant.
134 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


3.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
       3.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)
              (a)     Market risk (Continued)
                      (iii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)
                              The Group’s interest rate risk mainly arises from interest-bearing borrowings including bank loans,
                              commercial papers, related party loans and lease liabilities. Borrowings issued at floating rates expose the
                              Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Borrowings issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value
                              interest rate risk upon renewal. The Group determines the amount of its fixed rate or floating rate
                              borrowings depending on the prevailing market conditions. During the years of 2023 and 2022, the Group’s
                              borrowings were mainly at fixed rates and were mainly denominated in RMB.


                              Increases in interest rates will increase the cost of new borrowings and the interest expense with respect to
                              the Group’s outstanding floating rate borrowings, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on the
                              Group’s financial performance. Management continuously monitors the interest rate position of the Group
                              and makes decisions with reference to the latest market conditions. From time to time, the Group may
                              enter into interest rate swap agreements to mitigate its exposure to interest rate risks in connection with
                              the floating rate borrowings, although the Group did not consider it was necessary to do so in the years of
                              2023 and 2022.


                              As at 31 December 2023, the Group had approximately RMB9,044 million (2022: approximately RMB12,598
                              million) of long-term and short-term borrowings in floating rates and approximately RMB45,127 million
                              (2022: approximately RMB51,562 million) of long-term borrowings and lease liabilities in fixed rates.


                              For the year ended 31 December 2023, if interest rates on the floating rate borrowings had increased/
                              decreased 50 basic points while all other variables are held constant, profit after tax would decrease/
                              increase approximately RMB34 million (2022: approximately RMB47 million).


              (b)     Credit risk
                      Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial
                      loss to the Group. Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents and
                      short-term bank deposits with banks, as well as credit exposures to major corporate customers, individual
                      subscribers and general corporate customers, related parties and other telecommunications operators.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 135




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)
           (b)    Credit risk (Continued)
                  To limit exposure to credit risk relating to cash and cash equivalents and short-term bank deposits, the Group
                  primarily places cash and cash equivalents and short-term bank deposits only with large state-owned financial
                  institutions in the PRC and other banks with acceptable credit ratings. Therefore, the Group expects that there is
                  no significant credit risk and does not expect that there will be any significant losses from non-performance by
                  these counterparties.


                  In addition, the Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk with respect to individual subscribers and
                  corporate customers. The Group has policies to limit the credit exposure on receivables for services and sales of
                  mobile handsets. The Group assesses the credit quality of all its customers and sets credit limits on them by taking
                  into account their financial position, the availability of guarantee from third parties, their credit history and other
                  factors such as current market conditions. The normal credit period granted by the Group to individual subscribers
                  and general corporate customers is 30 days from the date of billing unless they meet certain specified credit
                  assessment criteria. For major corporate customers, the credit period granted by the Group is based on the service
                  contract terms, normally not exceeding 1 year. The utilisation of credit limits and settlement pattern of customers
                  are regularly monitored by the Group. In respect of other receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed
                  on all counterparties requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the counterparties’ past
                  history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the
                  counterparties as well as the economic environment in which the counterparties operates.


                  Credit risk relating to amounts due from related parties and other telecommunications operators is not considered
                  to be significant as these companies are reputable and their receivables are settled on a regular basis.
136 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


3.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
       3.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)
              (c)     Liquidity risk
                      Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash and availability of funds including the raising
                      of bank loans and issuance of commercial papers. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying business, the
                      Group’s headquarter maintains flexibility in funding through having adequate amount of cash and cash equivalents
                      and utilising different sources of financing when necessary.


                      The following tables show the undiscounted cash flows of the financial liabilities and lease liabilities (including
                      interest expense) categorised by time from the end of the period under review to the contractual maturity date.
                      To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived based on management’s
                      best estimates at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                        Between       Between
                                                                           Less than        1 and        2 and         Over      Carrying
                                                                              1 year      2 years      5 years       5 years     amounts


                      At 31 December 2023
                      Long-term bank loans                                      374           302          657           497        1,606
                      Lease liabilities                                      12,901        11,273       20,988         1,822       43,257
                      Other obligations                                       2,497           218          616           101        3,432
                      Short-term bank loans                                     686            —            —             —           681
                      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities              161,279            —             —            —       161,279
                      Bills payable                                           6,275            —             —            —         6,275
                      Amounts due to ultimate holding company                 1,046           313          601            —         1,914
                      Amounts due to related parties                         25,924            —            —             —        25,924
                      Amounts due to domestic carriers                        2,959            —             —            —         2,959


                                                                            213,941        12,106       22,862         2,420      247,327


                      At 31 December 2022
                      Long-term bank loans                                      388           370          719           692        1,896
                      Lease liabilities                                      12,750        11,055       28,272         1,313       48,924
                      Other obligations                                       2,497           256          872            92        3,711
                      Short-term bank loans                                     334            —            —             —           331
                      Commercial papers                                       5,083            —             —            —         5,025
                      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities              154,838            —             —            —       154,838
                      Bills payable                                           5,811            —             —            —         5,811
                      Amounts due to ultimate holding company                 1,759            —           326            —         2,059
                      Amounts due to related parties                         18,326            —            —             —        18,326
                      Amounts due to domestic carriers                        2,125            —             —            —         2,125


                                                                            203,911        11,681       30,189         2,097      243,046

                      Regarding the Group’s use of the going concern basis for the preparation of its financial statements, please refer
                      to Note 2.2(a) for details.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 137




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     3.2   Capital risk management
           The Group’s objectives when managing capital are:


           •      To safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and
                  benefits for other stakeholders.


           •      To support the Group’s stability and growth.


           •      To provide capital for the purpose of strengthening the Group’s risk management capability.


           In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group reviews and manages its capital structure actively and
           regularly to ensure optimal capital structure and shareholder returns, taking into account the future capital requirements
           of the Group and capital efficiency, prevailing and projected profitability, projected operating cash flows, projected capital
           expenditures and projected strategic investment opportunities.


           The Group monitors capital on the basis of the debt-to-capitalisation ratio. This ratio is calculated as interest-bearing
           debts over interest-bearing debts plus total equity. Interest-bearing debts represent commercial papers, short-term bank
           loans, long-term bank loans, lease liabilities, amounts due to ultimate holding company and amounts due to related
           parties, as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position. The interest-bearing debts do not include balance of
           deposits received by Finance Company of RMB7,746 million, as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB6,779 million).
138 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


3.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
       3.2    Capital risk management (Continued)
              The Group’s debt-to-capitalisation ratios are as follows:


                                                                                                          31 December         31 December
                                                                                                                   2023                2022


              Interest-bearing debts:
                 — Short-term bank loans                                                                            681                 331
                 — Long-term bank loans                                                                           1,252               1,528
                 — Commercial papers                                                                                  —               5,025
                 — Lease liabilities (non-current portion)                                                       30,617              36,429
                 — Amounts due to related parties                                                                     —                 742
                 — Amounts due to ultimate holding company                                                          881                 471
                 — Current portion of long-term bank loans                                                          354                 368
                 — Lease liabilities (current portion)                                                           12,640              12,495


                                                                                                                 46,425              57,389
              Total equity                                                                                      353,898             343,536


              Interest-bearing debts plus total equity                                                          400,323             400,925


              Debt-to-capitalisation ratio                                                                        11.6%               14.3%


       3.3    Fair value estimation
              Financial assets of the Group mainly include cash and cash equivalents, short-term bank deposits and restricted deposits,
              accounts receivable, the financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets, amounts due from ultimate
              holding company, related parties and domestic carriers, financial assets measured at fair value and certain other assets.
              Financial liabilities of the Group mainly include the financial liabilities included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities,
              bills payable, short-term bank loans, commercial papers, long-term bank loans, other obligations and amounts due to
              ultimate holding company, related parties and domestic carriers.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023 139




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)
           (a)   Financial assets measured at fair value
                 The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have
                 been defined as follows:


                 •       Level 1 valuation: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the
                         measurement date.


                 •       Level 2 valuation: observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs
                         for which market data are not available.


                 •       Level 3 valuation: fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.


                 The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value as at 31 December 2023:


                                                                                 Level 1        Level 2        Level 3          Total


                 Recurring fair value measurement:
                 Equity securities measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)               1,929             —            113          2,042
                 Financial assets measured at FVPL                                 2,443             53         1,270          3,766
                 Debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                    23,837             —              —         23,837


                 Total                                                            28,209             53         1,383         29,645


                 The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value as at 31 December 2022:


                                                                                 Level 1        Level 2        Level 3          Total


                 Recurring fair value measurement:
                 Equity securities measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)               1,733             —            114          1,847
                 Financial assets measured at FVPL                                 2,805             40         1,240          4,085
                 Debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                    17,770             —              —         17,770


                 Total                                                            22,308             40         1,354         23,702
140 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


3.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
       3.3    Fair value estimation (Continued)
              (a)     Financial assets measured at fair value (Continued)
                      The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the date of the
                      statement of financial position. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available
                      from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent
                      actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for
                      financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1 and comprise
                      primarily equity securities of Telefónica, debt securities issued by banks which are classified as financial assets
                      measured at FVOCI and certain equity investments, investments in monetary funds that are classified as financial
                      assets measured at FVPL.


                      During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, there were no transfer between Level 1 and Level 2, or
                      transfer into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as
                      at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.


              (b)     Fair value of financial instruments carried at other than fair value
                      As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the carrying amounts, fair values and the level of fair values of the Group’s
                      long-term financial assets and liabilities carried at amortised cost are disclosed below:


                                                                          Carrying                                                               Carrying
                                                                          amounts     Fair value                                                 amounts     Fair value
                                                                             as at         as at                                                    as at         as at
                                                                       31 December 31 December            Fair value measurements             31 December 31 December
                                                                             2023          2023    as at 31 December 2023 categorised into          2022          2022
                                                                                                       Level 1        Level 2       Level 3


                      Capital bonds                                           433           433             —            433             —             —            —
                      Non-current portion of long-term bank loans            1,252        1,318             —          1,318             —          1,528        1,571
                      Non-current portion of amounts due to ultimate
                         holding company                                      881           837             —            837             —           300           291



                      The fair values of the non-current portion of long-term bank loans and non-current portion of amounts due to
                      ultimate holding company are based on the expected cash flows of principal and interests payment discounted at
                      market rates ranging from 0.57% to 4.20% (2022: 0.57% to 4.35%) per annum. The fair values of capital bonds is
                      based on the expected cash flows of principal and interests discounted at market rate of 5.35% per annum.


                      Besides, the carrying amounts of the Group’s other financial assets and liabilities carried at amortised cost
                      approximated their fair values as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 due to the nature or short maturity of those
                      instruments.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 141




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
     Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
     expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.


     The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates may not be equal to the
     related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
     carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.


     4.1    Depreciation on property, plant and equipment
            Depreciation on the Group’s property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate cost up
            to residual values over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The Group reviews the useful lives and residual values
            periodically to ensure that the method and rates of depreciation are consistent with the expected pattern of realisation of
            economic benefits from property, plant and equipment. The Group estimates the useful lives and residual values of
            property, plant and equipment based on historical experience, taking into account anticipated technological changes. If
            there are significant changes from previously estimated useful lives and residual values, the amount of depreciation
            expenses may change.


     4.2    Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets
            The Group tests whether long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets, have suffered
            from any impairment, in accordance with the accounting policy stated in Note 2.13. For goodwill, the impairment testing
            is performed annually at the end of each reporting period, in accordance with the accounting policy stated in Note 2.8.
            The recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit at the lowest level to which those assets belong has been
            determined based on a value in use calculation. Management estimates value in use based on estimated discounted
            pre-tax future cash flows of the cash generating unit. If there is any significant change in management’s assumptions,
            including discount rate, the revenue growth rate or amount of operating costs in the future cash flow projection, the
            estimated recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit and the Group’s results would be significantly affected. Such
            impairment losses are recognised in the consolidated statement of income. Accordingly, there will be an impact to the
            future results if there is a significant change in the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit. Management uses all
            readily available information in determining an amount that is a reasonable approximation of recoverable amount.


            No significant impairment loss on goodwill or long-lived assets was recognised for the years ended 31 December 2023
            and 2022.


     4.3    Allowance for ECLs
            For collective assessment, management estimates ECL allowance on accounts receivable and contract assets using a
            provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, and adjusted for factors that are specific to the
            debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date. The
            Group monitored and reviewed the assumptions relating to ECL regularly. For the Group’s detailed assessment of credit
            risk, please refer to Note 3.1(b).
142 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


5.     SEGMENT INFORMATION
       The executive directors of the Company have been identified as the CODM. Operating segments are identified on the basis of
       internal reports that the CODM reviews regularly in allocating resources to segments and in assessing their performances.


       The CODM makes resources allocation decisions based on internal management functions and assesses the Group’s business
       performance as one integrated business instead of by separate business lines or geographical regions. Accordingly, the Group has
       only one operating segment and therefore, no segment information is presented.


       The Group primarily operates in Mainland China and accordingly, no geographic information is presented. No revenue from a
       single customer accounted for 10 percent or more of the Group’s revenue in all periods presented.


6.     REVENUE
       Revenue from telecommunications services are subject to value-added tax (“VAT”) at VAT rates applicable to various
       telecommunications services. The VAT rates for basic telecommunications services and value-added telecommunications services
       are 9% and 6%, respectively, while VAT rate for sales of telecommunications products is 13%. Basic telecommunications services
       include business activities for the provision of voice services, and transmission lines usage and associated services etc.
       Value-added telecommunications services include business activities for the provision of short message service and multimedia
       message service, broadband and mobile data services, and data and internet application services etc. VAT is excluded from the
       revenue.


       Disaggregation of revenue by major services and products:


                                                                                                             2023              2022


       Voice usage and monthly fees                                                                         21,207            21,303
       Broadband and mobile data services                                                                  154,748          155,918
       Data and internet application services                                                               89,645            77,780
       Other value-added services                                                                           29,190            26,170
       Interconnection fees                                                                                 12,878            12,947
       Transmission lines usage and associated services                                                     22,666            20,448
       Other services                                                                                        4,836             4,782


       Total service revenue                                                                               335,170          319,348
       Sales of telecommunications products                                                                 37,427            35,596


       Total                                                                                               372,597          354,944


       Include:   Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of HKFRS 15                       371,324          353,835
                  Revenue from other sources                                                                 1,273             1,109
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 143




6.   REVENUE (Continued)
     The Group’s revenue is primarily generated from the provision of voice usage, broadband and mobile data services, data and
     internet application services, other value-added services, interconnection services, transmission lines usage and associated
     services and sale of telecommunication products. The Group bills the majority of its customers based on a fixed rate and service
     volume each month, and then has a right to consideration from the customers. Transaction prices that were allocated to
     unsatisfied performance obligations as of the end of the reporting period are expected to be recognised within one to five years
     when services are rendered. The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of HKFRS 15 and therefore the
     information about remaining performance obligations is not disclosed for contracts that have an original expected duration of
     one year or less and for those performance obligations which are satisfied as invoiced.


7.   NETWORK, OPERATION AND SUPPORT EXPENSES

                                                                                           Note                 2023               2022


     Repairs and maintenance                                                                                  11,872             12,216
     Power and water charges                                                                                  14,295             15,088
     Charges for use of network, premises, equipment and facilities                       (i), (iii)          20,306             15,816
     Charges for use of tower assets                                                      (ii), (iii)         11,208             11,070
     Others                                                                                                    2,345               2,235


                                                                                                              60,026             56,425


     (i)      During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, charges for use of network, premises, equipment and facilities mainly
              included the non-lease components charges and charges relating to short-term leases, leases of low-value assets and
              variable lease payments which are recorded in profit or loss as incurred.


     (ii)     During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, charges for use of tower assets included the non-lease components
              charges (maintenance service, certain ancillary facilities usage and other related support services charges) and variable
              lease payments which are recorded in profit or loss as incurred. For related party transactions with Tower Company, see
              Note 45.3.


     (iii)    Expense relating to short-term leases, leases of low-value assets and variable lease payments not included in the
              measurement of lease liabilities:


                                                                                                                2023               2022


              Expense relating to short-term leases and leases of low value assets                             2,100               1,771
              Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities*                    8,097               7,243


              *      During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease
                     liabilities mainly included charges for use of tower assets and network, premises, equipment and facilities, which are
                     measured based on revenue or usage and recorded in profit or loss when the event or condition that triggers those
                     payments occurred.
144 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


8.     EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                         Note                2023            2022


       Salaries and wages                                                                                  45,522          44,813
       Contributions to defined contribution pension schemes                                                9,067           8,423
       Contributions to medical insurance                                                                   3,594           3,239
       Contributions to housing fund                                                                        4,460           4,174
       Other housing benefits                                                                                  14              22
       Share-based compensation                                                           44                  282              55


                                                                                                           62,939          60,726


       8.1    Directors’ emoluments
              The remuneration of each director for the year of 2023 is set out below:


                                                                                                        Contributions
                                                                        Salaries and     Bonuses paid     to pension
                                                               Fees       allowance      and payable        schemes          Total
              Name of director                   Note    (RMB’000)       (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)      (RMB’000)      (RMB’000)


              Chen Zhongyue                       (a)             —             568              360             153         1,081
              Liu Liehong                         (b)             —             468              210                87        765
              Wang Junzhi                                         —             511              324             153          988
              Li Yuzhuo                                           —             444              324             153          921
              Cheung Wing Lam Linus                             433               —                —                —         433
              Wong Wai Ming                                     442               —                —                —         442
              Chung Shui Ming Timpson                           451               —                —                —         451
              Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                            415               —                —                —         415


                                                               1,741          1,991             1,218            546         5,496
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023 145




8.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
     8.1   Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
           The remuneration of each director for the year of 2022 is set out below:


                                                                                                             Contributions
                                                                            Salaries and    Bonuses paid        to pension
                                                                  Fees        allowance    and payable*           schemes               Total
           Name of director                    Note         (RMB’000)        (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)        (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)


           Liu Liehong                                               —              364               352                140             856
           Chen Zhongyue                                             —              591               352                140           1,083
           Wang Junzhi                                               —              240               316                140             696
           Li Yuzhuo                            (c)                  —              176               264                118             558
           Mai Yanzhou                          (d)                  —              425               132                 55             612
           Cheung Wing Lam Linus                                   414                —                —                    —            414
           Wong Wai Ming                                           423                —                —                    —            423
           Chung Shui Ming Timpson                                 431                —                —                    —            431
           Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                                  397                —                —                    —            397


                                                                 1,665            1,796             1,416                593           5,470


           *        In addition, according to the “Notice on the Compensation Information Disclosure of the Central Government Controlled
                    Enterprises” (Guozifenpei [2016] No.339) (translated from《關於做好中央企業負責人薪酬信息披露工作的通知》(國資分
                    配[2016]339號)), certain directors were also entitled to deferred bonuses in relation to the years of 2019 to 2021. The
                    deferred bonuses paid to Mr. Liu Liehong, Mr. Chen Zhongyue, Mr. Wang Junzhi and Mr. Mai Yanzhou were RMB74,000,
                    RMB203,500, RMB16,600 and RMB586,000 respectively.


           Notes:


           (a)      Mr. Chen Zhongyue was appointed as chairman and chief executive officer on 2 December 2023.


           (b)      Mr. Liu Liehong resigned as executive director, chairman and chief executive officer on 30 July 2023.


           (c)      Ms. Li Yuzhuo was appointed as executive director and chief financial officer on 28 February 2022.


           (d)      Mr. Mai Yanzhou was appointed as executive director on 28 February 2022 and resigned as executive director on 30 May
                    2022.


           During the years of 2023 and 2022, no share options were granted to the directors.


           No directors waived the right to receive emoluments during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.


           During the years of 2023 and 2022, the Company did not incur any payment to any director for loss of office or as an
           inducement to any director to join the Company.
146 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


8.     EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
       8.2      Senior management’s emoluments
                Of the eight (2022: seven) senior management of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023, four (2022: four)
                of them are directors of the Company and their remuneration has been disclosed in Note 8.1. For the remuneration of
                the remaining four (2022: three) senior management all fall within the band from RMBNil to RMB1,000,000 (2022: two fall
                within the band from RMBNil to RMB1,000,000 and one falls within the band from RMB1,000,001 to RMB1,500,000).


       8.3      Five highest paid individuals
                Of the five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2023, five of them are staffs and four fall within the
                band from RMB2,500,001 to RMB3,000,000, one falls within the band from RMB4,000,001 to RMB4,500,000 (2022: five of
                them are staffs and one falls within the band from RMB2,000,001 to RMB2,500,000, two fall within the band from
                RMB2,500,001 to RMB3,000,000, one falls within the band from RMB3,000,001 to RMB3,500,000, and one falls within the
                band from RMB4,000,001 to RMB4,500,000).


                The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the five (2022: five) highest paid individuals are as follows:


                                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                                             (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)


                Salaries and allowances                                                                          3,929             1,579
                Bonuses paid and payable                                                                         8,659            12,334
                Contributions to pension schemes                                                                 1,996              993


                                                                                                                14,584            14,906


                During the years of 2023 and 2022, the Group did not incur any payment to the above five highest paid individuals for
                loss of office or as an inducement to these individuals to join or upon joining the Group.


9.     COSTS OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS PRODUCTS SOLD

                                                                                                                 2023              2022


       Handsets and other telecommunication products                                                            36,009            34,152
       Others                                                                                                     394               568


                                                                                                                36,403            34,720
                                                                           Annual Report 2023 147




10.   OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                              Note     2023              2022


      Impairment losses under ECL, net of reversal                     6,141             6,552
      Write-down of inventories                                         215                366
      Commission and other service expenses                           25,680           24,537
      Advertising and promotion expenses                               2,130             2,717
      Internet access terminal maintenance expenses                    2,551             2,267
      Customer retention costs                                         3,340             3,370
      Auditors’ remuneration:
        — Audit of the financial statements                              44                 42
        — Other special audit and assurance services                     11                  6
        — Non-audit services                                             16                  4
      Property management fee                                          2,791             2,704
      Office and administrative expenses                               1,940             1,285
      Transportation expense                                            752                786
      Miscellaneous taxes and fees                                     1,539             1,395
      Service technical support expenses                              47,076           39,374
      Repairs and maintenance expenses                                  519                628
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment       15       1,181             1,882
      Others                                                           6,197             5,042


                                                                     102,123           92,957


11.   FINANCE COSTS

                                                              Note     2023              2022


      Finance costs:
        — Interest on corporate bonds, promissory notes and
               commercial papers                                         59                111
        — Interest on lease liabilities                                1,717               802
        — Interest on related party loans                               134                 93
        — Interest on bank loans and others                              87                 82
        — Less: Amounts capitalised in CIP                    15         (16)              (28)


      Total interest expense                                           1,981             1,060


        — Net exchange gain                                              (55)              (15)
        — Others                                                         55                 50


                                                                       1,981             1,095
148 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


12.    OTHER INCOME — NET

                                                                                                           2023               2022


       Dividend from financial assets measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)                                     159                149
       Government grants                                                                                    995                872
       Additional deduction for VAT                                                                       1,912              2,325
       Investment income from debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                                 424                438
       Fair value gains on financial assets measured at FVPL                                                114                 24
       Gains on disposal of financial assets measured at FVPL                                                14                 72
       Others                                                                                                (84)              (30)


                                                                                                          3,534              3,850


13.    TAXATION
       Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits for the year.
       Taxation on profits outside Hong Kong has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of
       taxation prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. The Company’s subsidiaries operate mainly in the PRC and
       the applicable statutory enterprise income tax rate is 25% (2022: 25%). Taxation for certain subsidiaries in the PRC was
       calculated at a preferential tax rate of 15% (2022: 15%).


                                                                                                           2023               2022


       Provision for income tax on the estimated taxable profits for the year
         — Hong Kong                                                                                         77                 36
         — Mainland China and other jurisdictions                                                         4,630              3,422
       Over provision in respect of prior years                                                               (8)              (58)


                                                                                                          4,699              3,400


       Deferred taxation                                                                                    (676)              351


       Income tax expenses                                                                                4,023              3,751
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 149




13.   TAXATION (Continued)
      Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit at PRC statutory tax rate:


                                                                                         Note                  2023               2022


      Profit before income tax                                                                               22,945             20,588


      Expected income tax expense at PRC statutory tax rate of 25%                                            5,736               5,147
      Impact of different tax rates outside Mainland China                                                       (51)               (40)
      Tax effect of preferential tax rate                                                 (i)                  (150)               (155)
      Additional deduction for qualified research and development costs                   (i)                  (921)               (662)
      Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                                     461                329
      Tax effect of non-taxable income from share of net profit of joint ventures                              (451)               (398)
      Tax effect of non-taxable income from share of net profit of associates                                  (565)               (473)
      Over provision in respect of prior years                                                                    (8)               (58)
      Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised, net of utilisation                  (ii)                   (28)                61


      Actual tax expense                                                                                      4,023               3,751


      (i)    According to the PRC enterprise income tax law and its relevant regulations, entities that are qualified as high and new
             technology enterprise under the tax law are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% (2022: 15%). Certain
             subsidiaries of the Group obtained the approval of high and new technology enterprise and were entitled to a
             preferential income tax rate of 15% (2022: 15%), and certain research and development costs of the Group’s PRC
             subsidiaries are qualified for 100% (2022: 75% for the first three quarters and 100% for the fourth quarter) additional
             deduction for tax purpose.


      (ii)   As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not recognise deferred tax assets in respect of tax losses amounting to
             approximately RMB334 million (2022: approximately RMB446 million), since it is not probable that future taxable profits
             will be available against which the deferred tax asset can be utilised. The tax losses can be carried forward for five to ten
             years from the year incurred and hence will be expired by the year of 2024 to 2033.


      As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not recognise deferred tax assets in respect of fair value changes on financial assets
      measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) amounting to approximately RMB9,682 million (2022: approximately RMB9,852 million), since
      it is not probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.
150 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


13.    TAXATION (Continued)
       The movement of the net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) is as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                    2023                           2022


       Net deferred tax assets after offsetting:
           — Beginning of year                                                                                                                                           469                        271
           — Deferred tax credited to the consolidated statement of income                                                                                               315                        189
           — Deferred tax (charged)/credited to other comprehensive income                                                                                                (7)                         9
           — Deferred tax credited to reserves                                                                                                                            40                         —


           — End of year                                                                                                                                                 817                        469


       Net deferred tax liabilities after offsetting:
           — Beginning of year                                                                                                                                       (950)                         (417)
           — Deferred tax credited/(charged) to the consolidated statement of income                                                                                     361                       (540)
           — Deferred tax (charged)/credited to other comprehensive income                                                                                               (11)                         7


           — End of year                                                                                                                                             (600)                         (950)


       The components of the deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the
       movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                    Unrecognised
                                                              revaluation surplus
                                                              on prepayments for                      Accruals of        Unrealised       Accelerated
                                                               the leasehold land                   expenses not    profit from the    depreciation of
                                                Credit loss    determined under        Unused      yet deductible transactions with    property, plant    Right-of-use          Lease
       Deferred tax arising from                allowance         PRC regulation     tax losses   for tax purpose   Tower Company      and equipment            assets     liabilities   Others      Total
                                                                        (Note (i))                                                          (Note (ii))



       At 1 January 2022                             2,623                  1,209           34             4,743               250            (12,868)         (4,664)          5,067     3,460       (146)
       Credited/(charged) to the consolidated
           statement of income                       1,168                    (47)         (25)            1,127                (65)           (3,603)         (7,134)          7,115     1,113       (351)
       Credited to other comprehensive income           —                      —            —                 —                  —                  —              —               —        16            16



       At 31 December 2022                           3,791                  1,162            9             5,870               185            (16,471)        (11,798)         12,182     4,589       (481)



       Credited/(charged) to the consolidated
           statement of income                         952                    (48)           2               635                (65)           (1,833)          1,583          (1,382)     832        676
       Charged to other comprehensive income            —                      —            —                 —                  —                  —              —               —        (18)       (18)
       Credited to reserves                             —                      —            —                 —                  —                  —              —               —        40            40



       At 31 December 2023                           4,743                  1,114           11             6,505               120            (18,304)        (10,215)         10,800     5,443       217
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 151




13.   TAXATION (Continued)
      (i)       The prepayments for the leasehold land were revalued for PRC tax purposes as at 31 December 2003 and 2004. However,
                the resulting revaluations of the prepayments for the leasehold land were not recognised under HKFRSs. Accordingly,
                deferred tax assets were recorded by the Group under HKFRSs.


      (ii)      According to “Announcement on Enterprise Income Tax Policy for Those Enterprise Involved in the Accelerated Depreciation
                of Property, Plant and Equipment” (Caishui [2014] No.75) issued by the MOF and the State Administration Taxation
                (“SAT”) of the PRC, starting from 2014, the Group’s property, plant and equipment that comply with this tax policy are
                allowed to be depreciated under the accelerated depreciation method, or fully deducted for tax purpose in the year of
                purchase. Temporary differences arise from the different useful lives under tax basis and accounting basis have been
                recorded as deferred tax liabilities.


14.   EARNINGS PER SHARE
      Basic earnings per share for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 were computed by dividing the profit attributable to
      equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the years.


      Diluted earnings per share for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 were computed by dividing the profit attributable to
      equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the years, after
      adjusting for the effects of the dilutive potential ordinary shares. There were no dilutive potential ordinary shares for the years
      ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.


      The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share:


                                                                                                              2023               2022


      Numerator (in RMB millions):
      Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company used in
            computing basic/diluted earnings per share                                                      18,726             16,745


      Denominator (in millions):
      Number of ordinary shares outstanding used in computing basic/diluted
            earnings per share                                                                              30,598             30,598


      Basic/Diluted earnings per share (in RMB)                                                                0.61               0.55
152 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


15.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
       The movements of property, plant and equipment for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are as follows:


                                                                                                  2023

                                                                                     Office furniture,
                                                                            Tele-     fixtures, motor
                                                                   communications        vehicles and       Leasehold
                                                    Buildings          equipment     other equipment     improvements        CIP       Total


       Cost:
          Beginning of year                             79,284            827,720              19,655           3,093    48,580     978,332
          Additions                                        239               384                  353             151    72,489      73,616
          Transfer from CIP                              1,925             59,810                 886             330    (62,951)        —
          Transfer to other assets                          —                  —                   —               —      (7,738)     (7,738)
          Disposals                                       (465)           (45,995)               (945)           (362)        (3)    (47,770)


          End of year                                   80,983            841,919              19,949           3,212    50,377     996,440


       Accumulated depreciation and impairment:
          Beginning of year                             (43,973)         (564,878)            (14,597)         (2,351)     (100)    (625,899)
          Charge for the year                            (2,650)          (55,818)             (1,301)           (355)       —       (60,124)
          Disposals                                        433             43,878                 903             361          3     45,578


          End of year                                   (46,190)         (576,818)            (14,995)         (2,345)       (97)   (640,445)


       Net book value:
          End of year                                   34,793            265,101               4,954             867    50,280     355,995


          Beginning of year                             35,311            262,842               5,058             742    48,480     352,433
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 153




15.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                                                            2022

                                                                               Office furniture,
                                                                      Tele-     fixtures, motor
                                                             communications        vehicles and       Leasehold
                                                 Buildings       equipment     other equipment     improvements        CIP         Total


      Cost:
         Beginning of year                         78,179           831,045             19,825            3,336    43,411        975,796
         Additions                                     23              553                  455             66     72,329         73,426
         Transfer from CIP                          1,573            56,007               1,323            257     (59,160)           —
         Transfer to other assets                      —                 —                   —              —       (7,959)       (7,959)
         Disposals                                   (491)          (59,885)             (1,948)           (566)       (41)      (62,931)


         End of year                               79,284           827,720             19,655            3,093    48,580        978,332


      Accumulated depreciation and impairment:
         Beginning of year                        (41,674)         (561,526)            (15,008)         (2,418)     (139)      (620,765)
         Charge for the year                       (2,707)          (60,279)             (1,299)           (302)        (2)      (64,589)
         Disposals                                    408            56,927               1,710            369         41         59,455


         End of year                              (43,973)         (564,878)            (14,597)         (2,351)     (100)      (625,899)


      Net book value:
         End of year                               35,311           262,842               5,058            742     48,480        352,433


         Beginning of year                         36,505           269,519               4,817            918     43,272        355,031


      For the year ended 31 December 2023, interest expense of approximately RMB16 million (2022: approximately RMB28 million)
      was capitalised in CIP. The capitalised borrowing rate represented the cost of capital for raising the related borrowings and
      varied from 1.45% to 2.80% for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: 2.29% to 2.71%).


      Mainly as a result of the Group’s ongoing modification of its telecommunications network and following subscribers’ voluntarily
      cross network migration progress, the Group disposed certain property, plant and equipment with carrying amounts of
      RMB2,192 million (2022: RMB3,476 million) for consideration of RMB1,011 million (2022: RMB1,594 million) for the year ended
      31 December 2023, resulting in a net loss of approximately RMB1,181 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022:
      approximately RMB1,882 million).


      In 2022, the Group adjusted the residual value of certain optical cable assets from 3% to 0% due to the increasing removal costs
      and decreasing recycling value. The change was accounted for as a change in accounting estimate in accordance with HKAS 8,
      “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” effect from 1 December 2022 using the prospective
      application method. The depreciation and amortisation for the year ended 31 December 2022 increased by approximately
      RMB2,350 million as a result of the aforesaid changes in accounting estimates.
154 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


16.    RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                          2023

                                                                             Tele-
                                                                    communications
                                                        Buildings       equipment     Land use rights     Others      Total


       Cost:
          Beginning of year                               18,442            78,558            13,998       1,892    112,890
          Additions                                        4,355             3,571                106       579       8,611
          Disposals                                       (3,596)           (6,718)                (74)     (183)   (10,571)


          End of year                                     19,201            75,411            14,030       2,288    110,930


       Accumulated depreciation and impairment:
          Beginning of year                               (9,773)          (37,751)           (5,305)       (834)   (53,663)
          Charge for the year                             (4,012)           (8,244)              (285)      (577)   (13,118)
          Disposals                                        3,497             4,803                 32       127       8,459


          End of year                                    (10,288)          (41,192)           (5,558)     (1,284)   (58,322)


       Net book value:
          End of year                                      8,913            34,219               8,472     1,004     52,608


          Beginning of year                                8,669            40,807               8,693     1,058     59,227
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023 155




16.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

                                                                                                  2022

                                                                                     Tele-
                                                                            communications
                                                                Buildings       equipment     Land use rights       Others              Total


      Cost:
         Beginning of year                                        15,840            44,930            13,971            1,337          76,078
         Additions                                                 4,876            34,478                248            643           40,245
         Disposals                                                (2,274)             (850)              (221)            (88)         (3,433)


         End of year                                              18,442            78,558            13,998            1,892         112,890


      Accumulated depreciation and impairment:
         Beginning of year                                        (8,104)          (29,691)           (5,037)           (380)         (43,212)
         Charge for the year                                      (3,806)           (8,788)              (300)          (542)         (13,436)
         Disposals                                                 2,137              728                  32             88            2,985


         End of year                                              (9,773)          (37,751)           (5,305)           (834)         (53,663)


      Net book value:
         End of year                                               8,669            40,807               8,693          1,058          59,227


         Beginning of year                                         7,736            15,239               8,934           957           32,866



      Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in Note 36.


      On 13 December 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved CUCL and Tower Company to sign the commercial
      pricing agreement and the service agreement, which constituted a lease modification under HKFRS 16, “Leases”. In accordance
      with HKFRS 16, the lease liabilities are remeasured based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised
      lease payments using revised discount rates at the effective date of the modification. Details of this transaction are set out in
      Note 45.
156 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


17.    GOODWILL
       Goodwill arising from the acquisitions of Unicom New Century Telecommunications Co., Ltd. and Unicom New World
       Telecommunications Co., Ltd. by the Group in 2002 and 2003, respectively, represented the excess of the purchase consideration
       over the Group’s share of the fair values of the separately identifiable net assets acquired prior to the adoption of AG 5 in
       2005.


       Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating unit (the “CGU”). The recoverable amount of the CGU with goodwill is
       determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections for 5 years based on
       financial budgets approved by management, and extrapolated using a steady 1% growth rate (2022: 1%), and the applicable
       discount rate of 11% (2022: 11%). Management determined expected growth rate and operating results based on past
       performance and its expectations in relation to market developments. The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks
       relating to the CGU. Based on management’s assessment results, there was no impairment of goodwill as at 31 December 2023
       and 2022, any reasonably possible change in the assumptions used in the calculation of recoverable amount would not result in
       impairment losses.


18.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
       As at 31 December 2023, the details of the Company’s subsidiaries are as follows:


                                     Place and date of incorporation/   Percentage of equity

                                     establishment and nature of           interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
       Name                          legal entity                        Direct      Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation


       CUCL                          The PRC, 21 April 2000,              100%              —   RMB213,044,797,828                    Telecommunications operation
                                        limited liability company                                                                        in the PRC


       China Unicom Global Limited   Hong Kong, 29 May 2015,              100%              —   HKD2,625,097,491                      Investment holding
                                        limited company


       China Unicom (Hong Kong)      Hong Kong, 24 May 2000,                 —         100%     HKD1,510,100,000                      Telecommunications service in
          Operations Limited            limited company                                                                                  Hong Kong


       China Unicom (Americas)       USA, 24 May 2002,                       —         100%     5,000 shares,                         Telecommunications service in the USA
          Operations Limited            limited company                                            USD100 each


       China Unicom (Europe)         The United Kingdom,                     —         100%     4,861,000 shares,                     Telecommunications operation in the
          Operations Limited            8 November 2006,                                            GBP1 each                            United Kingdom
                                        limited company


       China Unicom (Japan)          Japan, 25 January 2007,                 —         100%     1,000 shares,                         Telecommunications operation in Japan
          Operations Corporation        limited company                                            JPY366,000 each
                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 157




18.   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                        Place and date of incorporation/   Percentage of equity

                                        establishment and nature of           interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
      Name                              legal entity                        Direct      Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation


      China Unicom (Singapore)          Singapore, 5 August 2009,               —         100%     80,000,000 shares,                    Telecommunications operation in
         Operations Pte Limited            limited company                                            RMB1 each                             Singapore


      China Unicom (South Africa)       South Africa, 19 November 2012,         —         100%     200 shares in total:                  Telecommunications operation in South
         Operations (Pty) Limited          limited liability company                                  100 shares, ZAR 1 each                Africa
                                                                                                      100 shares, ZAR 512,063.34 each


      China Unicom (MYA) Operations     The Republic of the Union of            —         100%     2,150,000 shares,                     Communications technology training in
         Company Limited                   Myanmar (“Myanmar”),                                       USD1 each                             Myanmar
                                           7 June 2013,
                                           limited liability company


      China Unicom (Australia)          Australia, 27 May 2014,                 —         100%     17,685,920 shares,                    Telecommunications operation in
         Operations Pty Limited            limited liability company                                  AUD 1 each                            Australia


      China Unicom (Russia)             Russia, 28 December 2016,               —         100%     RUB127,453,000                        Telecommunications service in Russia
         Operations Limited Liability      limited liability company
         Company


      China Unicom (Brazil)             Brazil, 23 June 2016,                   —         100%     R$35,595,387                          Telecommunications service in Brazil
         Telecommunications Limited        limited liability company


      China Unicom (Brazil) Holdings    Brazil, 27 October 2017,                —         100%     R$34,605,225                          Investment holding
         Ltda.                             limited liability company


      China Unicom Operations           Thailand, 20 November 2017,             —         100%     1,040,000 shares,                     Telecommunications service in Thailand
         (Thailand) Limited                limited liability company                                  Baht100 each


      China Unicom Operations           Malaysia, 10 November 2017,             —         100%     3,200,000 shares,                     Telecommunications service in Malaysia
         (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.              limited liability company                                  MYR1 each


      China Unicom Operations Korea     Korea, 24 November 2017,                —         100%     60,000 shares,                        Telecommunications service in Korea
         Co., Ltd                          limited liability company                                  KRW5,000 each
158 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


18.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                        Place and date of incorporation/   Percentage of equity

                                        establishment and nature of           interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
       Name                             legal entity                        Direct      Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation


       China Unicom (Vietnam)           Vietnam, 19 April 2018,                 —         100%     VND2,276,000,000                      Telecommunications service in Vietnam
          Operations Company Limited       limited liability company


       China Unicom (Cambodia)          Cambodia, 11 May 2018,                  —         100%     560,000 shares,                       Telecommunications service in
          Operations Co. Ltd               limited liability company                                  Riels4,000 each                       Cambodia


       PT China Unicom Indonesia        Indonesia, 25 October 2019,             —         100%     20,000,000,001 shares,                Telecommunications service in Indonesia
          Operations                       limited liability company                                  Rp1 each


       China Unicom (Philippines)       Philippines, 6 November 2019,           —         100%     103,012 shares,                       Telecommunications service in
          Operations Inc                   limited liability company                                  Php100 each                           Philippines


       China Unicom (Mexico)            Mexico, 29 October 2021,                —         100%     Peso88,000,000                        Telecommunications service in Mexico
          Operations Limited               limited liability company


       Unicom Vsens                     The PRC, 19 August 2008,                —         100%     RMB610,526,532                        Sales of handsets, telecommunications
          Telecommunications               limited liability company                                                                        equipment and provision of customer
          Company Limited                                                                                                                   services in the PRC


       China Unicom Digital             The PRC, 30 April 2006,                 —         100%     RMB8,993,177,616                      Provision of information communications
          Technology Co,.Ltd               limited liability company                                                                        technology services in the PRC


       China Unicom Online              The PRC, 29 March 2006,                 —         100%     RMB400,000,000                        Provision of internet and value-added
          Information Technology           limited liability company                                                                        telecommunications services in the
          Company Limited                                                                                                                   PRC


       Beijing Telecom Planning and     The PRC, 25 April 1996,                 —         100%     RMB264,227,115                        Provision of consultancy, survey, design
          Designing Institute Company      limited liability company                                                                        and contract services relating to
          Limited                                                                                                                           information projects and construction
                                                                                                                                            projects in the telecommunications
                                                                                                                                            industry in the PRC


       China Information Technology     The PRC, 11 November 1991,              —          75%     RMB573,333,335                        Provision of consultancy, survey, design
          Designing & Consulting           limited liability company                                                                        and engineering procurement
          Institute Company Limited                                                                                                         construction services relating to
                                                                                                                                            information projects and construction
                                                                                                                                            projects in the telecommunications
                                                                                                                                            industry in the PRC
                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 159




18.   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                        Place and date of incorporation/   Percentage of equity

                                        establishment and nature of           interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
      Name                              legal entity                        Direct      Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation


      China Unicom Information          The PRC, 17 September 1998,             —         100%     RMB6,825,087,800                      Provision of telecommunications
         Navigation Company Limited        limited liability company                                                                        customer services in the PRC


      Huaxia P&T Project Consultation   The PRC, 5 March 1998,                  —         100%     RMB50,100,000                         Provision of project consultation,
         and Management Company            limited liability company                                                                        monitoring and project bidding
         Limited                                                                                                                            agency in the PRC


      Zhengzhou Kaicheng Industrial     The PRC, 21 December 2005,              —         100%     RMB2,200,000                          Provision of property services in the PRC
         Company Limited                   limited liability company


      Unicompay Company Limited         The PRC, 11 April 2011,                 —         100%     RMB250,000,000                        Provision of e-payment services in the
                                           limited liability company                                                                        PRC


      Beijing Wo Digital Media          The PRC, 21 July 2006,                  —         100%     RMB20,000,000                         Provision of advertising design,
         Advertising Co., Ltd              limited liability company                                                                        production, agency and publication in
                                                                                                                                            the PRC


      Guangdong Unicom                  The PRC, 28 May 2013,                   —         100%     RMB30,000,000                         Provision of technical Provision of
         Communication Construction        limited liability company                                                                        telecommunications network
         Co., Ltd                                                                                                                           construction, maintenance and
                                                                                                                                            technical services in the PRC


      China Unicom Intelligence         The PRC, 15 August 2007,                —         100%     RMB150,000,000                        Provision of technical development and
         Security Technology               limited liability company                                                                        internet technology services in the
         Corporation Limited                                                                                                                PRC


      Unicom Cloud Data Company         The PRC, 4 June 2013,                   —         100%     RMB4,000,000,000                      Provision of technology development,
         Limited                           limited liability company                                                                        transfer and consulting service in the
                                                                                                                                            PRC


      Unicom Innovation Investment      The PRC, 29 April 2014,                 —         100%     RMB4,840,000,000                      Venture capital investment business in
         Company Limited                   limited liability company                                                                        the PRC


      Xiaowo Technology Co. Ltd         The PRC, 24 October 2014,               —         100%     RMB200,000,000                        Provision of internet and value-added
                                           limited liability company                                                                        telecommunications business in the
                                                                                                                                            PRC
160 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


18.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                           Place and date of incorporation/   Percentage of equity

                                           establishment and nature of           interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
       Name                                legal entity                        Direct      Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation


       China Unicom Smart Connection       The PRC, 7 August 2015,                 —       68.88%     RMB246,796,148                        Auto informatisation in the PRC
          Technology Company Limited          limited liability company


       Unicom Intelligent Network          The PRC, 26 September 2018,             —          80%     RMB10,000,000                         Provision of technology promotion
          Ruixing Technology (Beijing)        limited liability company                                                                        service of intelligent transportation
          Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                            system’s products in the PRC


       Finance Company                     The PRC, 17 June 2016,                  —          91%     RMB3,000,000,000                      Provision of financial services in the PRC
                                              limited liability company


       Unicom United Investment            The PRC, 28 January 2016,               —         100%     RMB200,000                            Venture capital investment business in
          (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                 limited liability company                                                                        the PRC


       Lianchuangqianxian (Guizhou)        The PRC, 8 October 2016,                —          60%     RMB1,000,000                          Venture capital investment business in
          Technology Service Co., Ltd.        limited liability company                                                                        the PRC


       China Unicom Emerging (Beijing)     The PRC, 1 February 2016,               —          99%     RMB68,074,936                         Venture capital investment business in
          Investment Centre (Limited          limited partnership                                                                              the PRC
          Partnership)


       Unicom Big Data Co., Ltd.           The PRC, 24 August 2017,                —         100%     RMB500,000,000                        Provision of data processing in the PRC
                                              limited liability company


       Liantong Travel Service (Beijing)   The PRC, 30 September 2017,             —         100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of tourism and information
          Company Limited                     limited liability company                                                                        services in the PRC


       China Unicom (Guangdong)            The PRC, 5 January 2017,                —         100%     RMB150,000,000                        Provision of information system
          Industrial Internet Company         limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
          Limited
                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 161




18.   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                         Place and date of incorporation/   Percentage of equity

                                         establishment and nature of           interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
      Name                               legal entity                        Direct      Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation


      China Unicom (Zhejiang)            The PRC, 20 June 2017,                  —         100%     RMB61,000,000                         Provision of information system
         Industry Internet Company          limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
         Limited


      China Unicom (ShanDong)            The PRC, 3 March 2017,                  —         100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of information system
         Industrial Internet Company        limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
         Limited


      China Unicom (Fujian) Industrial   The PRC, 23 February 2018,              —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information system
         Internet Company Limited           limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC


      China Unicom (Shanxi) Industrial   The PRC, 21 March 2018,                 —         100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of information system
         Internet Company Limited           limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC


      China Unicom Xiongan Industrial    The PRC, 25 April 2018, limited         —         100%     RMB724,342,600                        Provision of information system
         Internet Company Limited           liability company                                                                                integration business in the PRC


      China Unicom (Sichuan)             The PRC, 29 March 2018,                 —         100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of information system
         Industrial Internet Company        limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
         Limited


      China Unicom (Liaoning)            The PRC, 28 March 2018,                 —         100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of information system
         Industrial Internet Company        limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
         Limited


      China Unicom (Jiangsu)             The PRC, 9 May 2018,                    —         100%     RMB26,200,000                         Provision of information system
         Industrial Internet Company        limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
         Limited
162 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


18.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                          Place and date of incorporation/   Percentage of equity

                                          establishment and nature of           interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
       Name                               legal entity                        Direct      Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation


       China Unicom (Shanghai)            The PRC, 13 March 2018,                 —         100%     RMB70,000,000                         Provision of information system
          Industrial Internet Company        limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
          Limited


       China Unicom (Heilongjiang)        The PRC, 14 March 2018,                 —         100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of information system
          Industrial Internet Company        limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
          Limited


       Henan Industrial Interconnection   The PRC, 30 May 2019,                   —          40%     RMB90,000,000                         Provision of information system
          & Technology Co, Ltd               limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC


       China Unicom Video Technology      The PRC, 17 January 2018,               —         100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of technology research and
          Co., Ltd.                          limited liability company                                                                        development of TV and mobile video,
                                                                                                                                              consultation disposal, promotion and
                                                                                                                                              value-added telecommunications
                                                                                                                                              services


       China Unicom Internet of Things    The PRC, 16 March 2018,                 —         100%     RMB261,516,702                        Provision of internet of things
          Corporation Limited                limited liability company                                                                        technology, consultation and service
                                                                                                                                              in the PRC


       China Unicom High-tech Big         The PRC, 29 March 2018,                 —          51%     RMB10,000,000                         Provision of Big Data Service, cloud
          Data Artificial Intelligence       limited liability company                                                                        computation and infrastructure
          Technology (Chengdu) Co.,                                                                                                           service in the PRC
          Ltd.


       China Unicom iRead Science and     The PRC, 28 April 2018,                 —         100%     RMB51,000,000                         Provision of internet and value-added
          Culture Co., Ltd.                  limited liability company                                                                        telecommunications business in the
                                                                                                                                              PRC


       China Unicom WO Music &            The PRC, 8 May 2018,                    —         100%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of internet information
          Culture Co., Ltd.                  limited liability company                                                                        technology services in the PRC
                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 163




18.   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                        Place and date of incorporation/   Percentage of equity

                                        establishment and nature of           interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
      Name                              legal entity                        Direct      Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation


      China Unicom Leasing Co., Ltd.    The PRC, 11 April 2018,               25%          75%     RMB2,500,000,000                      Provision of financing leasing business in
                                           limited liability company                                                                        the PRC


      Yunjing Culture And Tourism       The PRC, 27 February 2019,              —          80%     RMB25,000,000                         Provision of tourism and big data
         Technology Co., LTD               limited liability company                                                                        business, data analysis, processing
                                                                                                                                            and application services in the PRC


      Yundun Intelligent Security       The PRC, 11 November 2019,              —          51%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of software development;
         Technology Co., Ltd               limited liability company                                                                        technology promotion and
                                                                                                                                            development in the PRC


      Wobaifu Information Technology    The PRC, 17 April 2020,                 —         100%     RMB10,000,000                         Provision of software and information
         (Tianjin) Co., LTD                limited liability company                                                                        technology service in the PRC


      Changchun FAW                     The PRC, 27 September 2002,             —          51%     RMB86,458,636                         Telecommunications business in the PRC
         Communications Technology         limited liability company
         Co., Ltd.


      Yichun Digital Economy Industry   The PRC, 14 December 2020,              —          51%     RMB22,650,000                         Provision of telecommunication,
         Operation Co., Ltd                limited liability company                                                                        television broadcasting and satellite
                                                                                                                                            transmission services in the PRC


      Lianchuang Weilai (Wuhan)         The PRC, 29 July 2020,                  —       61.64%     RMB1,460,000,000                      Provision of investment business in the
         Intelligent Manufacturing         limited liability company                                                                        PRC
         Industry Investment
         Partnership (Limited
         Partnership)


      Hebei Sign Technology Co., Ltd.   The PRC, 22 October 2021,               —          70%     RMB10,000,000                         Provision of other technology promotion
                                           limited liability company                                                                        service in the PRC


      China Unicom Spirit Realm Video   The PRC, 9 July 2021,                   —         100%     RMB3,000,000                          Provision of internet and
         (Jiangxi) Technology              limited liability company                                                                        telecommunication value added
         Company Limited                                                                                                                    business in the PRC
164 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


18.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                           Place and date of incorporation/   Percentage of equity

                                           establishment and nature of           interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
       Name                                legal entity                        Direct      Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation


       China Unicom Innovation             The PRC, 6 June 2014,                   —          70%     RMB40,000,000                         Provision of pioneer investment business
          Investment Company                  limited liability company                                                                        in the PRC
          (Shanghai), Ltd


       China Unicom Western                The PRC, 6 September 2021,              —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information technology
          Innovation Institute                limited liability company                                                                        consultation services


       China Unicom Zhiyu (Shanghai)       The PRC, 5 June 2018,                   —          70%     RMB1,000,000                          Provision of business incubator
          Information Service and             limited liability company                                                                        management in the PRC
          Technology Co., Ltd


       Lian Kuan (Wuhan) Investment        The PRC, 24 July 2020,                  —       87.47%     RMB8,715,000                          Provision of investment business in the
          Center (Limited Partnership)        limited liability company                                                                        PRC


       Lingang Data Intelligence           The PRC, December 29 2021               —         100%     RMB1,000,000,000                      Provision of internet data and security
          Technology (Shanghai)               limited liability company                                                                        services; cloud computing services in
          Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                            the PRC


       China Unicom Intelligence           The PRC, 30 May 2022,                   —         100%     RMB600,000,000                        Provision of internet data services, 5G
          Technology Industrial               limited liability company                                                                        Communications technology services
          Co., Ltd                                                                                                                             and AI industry application services in
                                                                                                                                               the PRC


       China Unicom (Beijing) Industrial   The PRC, 21 November 2022,              —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
          Internet Co., Ltd                   limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC


       China Unicom (Jilin) Industrial     The PRC, 8 August 2022,                 —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
          Internet Company Limited            limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC


       China Unicom (Anhui) Industry       The PRC, 13 July 2022,                  —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
          Internet Company Limited            limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC


       Unicom (Jiangxi) Industrial         The PRC, 16 November 2022,              —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
          Internet Co., Ltd                   limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 165




18.   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                          Place and date of incorporation/   Percentage of equity

                                          establishment and nature of           interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
      Name                                legal entity                        Direct      Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation


      China Unicom (Hubei) Industrial     The PRC, 26 September 2022,             —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Internet Company Limited            limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC


      China Unicom (Henan) Industrial     The PRC, 22 August 2022,                —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Internet Company Limited            limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC


      China Unicom (Hunan) Industrial     The PRC, 13 September 2022,             —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Internet Company Limited            limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC


      China Unicom (Hainan)               The PRC, 19 July 2022,                  —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Industrial Internet Company         limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
         Limited


      Yunjin Intelligence Technology      The PRC, 6 June 2022,                   —          45%     RMB42,500,000                         Provision of internet data services and
         Corporation Limited                 limited liability company                                                                        technology development in the PRC


      Chongqing Digital intelligence      The PRC, 8 August 2022,                 —          70%     RMB100,000,000                        Provision of technology development
         Integration Innovation              limited liability company                                                                        and application, integrated
         Technology Co., LTD                                                                                                                  innovation and operation in the PRC


      Unicom (Langfang) Cloud Data        The PRC, 31 October 2022,               —         100%     RMB5,000,000                          Provision of type 1 value-added
         Company Limited                     limited liability company                                                                        telecommunications services and
                                                                                                                                              internet technology services etc in
                                                                                                                                              the PRC


      Unicom (Zhejiang) Cloud Data        The PRC, 25 May 2022,                   —         100%     RMB40,000,000                         Provision of big data services and
         Company Limited                     limited liability company                                                                        information technology services in the
                                                                                                                                              PRC


      China Unicom (Tianjin) Industrial   The PRC, 12 September 2023,             —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Internet Company Limited            limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC


      China Unicom (Inner Mongolia)       The PRC, 21 September 2023,             —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
         Industrial Internet Company         limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
         Limited
166 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


18.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                         Place and date of incorporation/   Percentage of equity

                                         establishment and nature of           interests held       Particular of issued share capital/   Principal activities and
       Name                              legal entity                        Direct      Indirect   paid up capital                       place of operation


       China Unicom (Guangxi)            The PRC, 13 November 2023,              —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
          Industrial Internet Company       limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
          Limited


       China Unicom (Chongqing)          The PRC, 12 September 2023,             —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
          Industrial Internet Company       limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
          Limited


       China Unicom (Guizhou)            The PRC, 23 October 2023,               —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
          Industrial Internet Company       limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
          Limited


       China Unicom (Shaanxi)            The PRC, 19 September 2023,             —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
          Industrial Internet Company       limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
          Limited


       China Unicom (Gansu) Industrial   The PRC, 22 September 2023,             —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
          Internet Company Limited          limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC


       China Unicom (Ningxia)            The PRC, 3 November 2023,               —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
          Industrial Internet Company       limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
          Limited


       China Unicom (Xinjiang)           The PRC, 8 November 2023,               —         100%     RMB50,000,000                         Provision of information and system
          Industrial Internet Company       limited liability company                                                                        integration business in the PRC
          Limited


       China Unicom Digital              The PRC, 10 December 2023,              —       46.63%     RMB125,093,498                        Provision of technology service,
          Intelligence Medical              limited liability company                                                                        development, consultation,
          Technology Co., LTD                                                                                                                communication, transfer and
                                                                                                                                             promotion in the PRC


       Nebula Times Technology           The PRC, 26 April 2023,                 —          48%     RMB135,000,000                        Provision of internet connection and
          Co.,Ltd.                          limited liability company                                                                        relevant services in the PRC


       For subsidiaries which the Group’s ownership is less than 50%, the Group has a majority of the voting rights to direct the
       relevant activities of these subsidiaries pursuant to articles of association.


       None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: none except for CUCL,
       which has issued commercial papers, in which the Group has no interest). Details of the issued debt securities are disclosed in
       Note 40.
                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 167




19.   INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                                           2023                     2022


      Share of net assets                                                                                               44,188                    42,469


      The following list contains the particulars of a material associate as at 31 December 2023:


                                                       Place of                  Proportion of
                                    Form of business   incorporation and    ownership interest
      Name                          structure          business            held by a subsidiary   Paid up capital       Principal activities


      Tower Company                 Incorporated       The PRC                          20.65%    RMB176,008,471,024    Construction, maintenance and
                                                                                                                           operation of communications
                                                                                                                           towers in the PRC (Note 45.3)


      The above associate is accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.


      Summarised financial information of the material associate, adjusted for any differences in accounting policies, and reconciled to
      the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:


                                                                                                                         Tower Company
                                                                                                                           2023                     2022


      Current assets                                                                                                    78,083                    49,706
      Non-current assets                                                                                               247,924                  255,854
      Current liabilities                                                                                               (63,934)                 (65,158)
      Non-current liabilities                                                                                           (64,379)                 (46,811)
      Equity                                                                                                           (197,694)               (193,591)


      Revenue                                                                                                           94,009                    92,170
      Profit for the year                                                                                                 9,750                     8,787
      Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                             9,756                     8,787


      Reconciled to the Group’s interest in the associate:
      Net assets of the associate                                                                                      197,694                  193,591
      The Group’s effective interest                                                                                    20.65%                   20.65%


                                                                                                                        40,824                    39,977
      Adjustment for the remaining balance of the deferred gain from the transactions with
        Tower Company                                                                                                       (479)                    (740)


      Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                                                          40,345                    39,237
168 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


19.    INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

       The fair values of the interests in Tower Company is based on quoted market prices (level 1: quoted price (unadjusted) in active
       markets) at the financial position date without any deduction for transaction costs and disclosed as follows:


                                                                                      As at 31 December 2023                  As at 31 December 2022

                                                                                       Carrying                                Carrying
                                                                                        amount               Fair value         amount               Fair value


       Interest in listed associate
         — Tower Company                                                                 40,345                 27,009            39,237                 27,273


       Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:


                                                                                                                                  2023                      2022


       The Group’s share of profit                                                                                                  115                            (5)


       The Group’s share of other comprehensive income                                                                                 —                           2


       The Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                                                              115                            (3)


       Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interest in these associates                                                     3,843                     3,232


20.    INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                                                  2023                      2022


       Share of net assets                                                                                                     10,240                      8,582


       The following list contains the particulars of a material joint venture, which is an unlisted corporate entity and has no available
       quoted market price as at 31 December 2023:


                                                                                             Proportion of
                                          Form of business   Place of incorporation     ownership interest
       Name                               structure          and business              held by a subsidiary Paid up capital   Principal activities


       Merchants Union Consumer Finance   Incorporated       The PRC                                  50% RMB10,000,000,000   Consumer finance consulting in the
         Company Limited (“MUCFC”)                                                                                               PRC
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023 169




20.   INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
      Summarised financial information of the material joint venture, adjusted for any differences in accounting policies, and
      reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:


                                                                                                                MUCFC
                                                                                                            2023              2022


      Assets                                                                                             176,421           164,346
      Liabilities                                                                                        (156,054)         (147,279)
      Equity                                                                                              (20,367)          (17,067)


      Revenue                                                                                             19,602            17,501
      Profit for the year                                                                                   3,600             3,329
      Total comprehensive income for the year                                                               3,600             3,329
      Included in above income:
      Interest income                                                                                     24,943            22,079
      Interest expense                                                                                     (4,408)           (4,175)
      Income tax expense                                                                                     (533)             (500)


      Reconciled to the Group’s interests in the joint venture:
      Net assets of the joint venture                                                                     20,367            17,067
      The Group’s effective interest                                                                         50%               50%


      Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                                            10,184              8,533


      Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material:


                                                                                                            2023              2022


      The Group’s share of profit                                                                               3               (70)


      The Group’s share of other comprehensive income                                                          —                 —


      The Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                                           3               (70)


      Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interest in these joint ventures                                56                49
170 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


21.    CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES
       (a)    Contract assets


                                                                                                              2023              2022


              Contract assets from bundle sales of mobile handsets and provision of service,
                    net of allowance                                                                           201                263
              Others                                                                                           164                 69


              Sub-total                                                                                        365                332
              Less: Current portion                                                                           (279)              (271)


                                                                                                                86                 61


              The Group offers preferential packages to the customers which include the bundle sales of mobile handsets and provision
              of service. The total contract consideration of such preferential packages is allocated to service revenue and sales of
              handsets based on their standalone selling prices. The revenue relating to the sale of the handsets is recognised when the
              customers obtain the control of the handsets and the consideration allocated to the sales of mobile handsets is gradually
              received during the contract period when the customers pay the monthly package fee.


       (b)    Contract liabilities


                                                                                         Note                 2023              2022


              Advances received from customers for future services                        (i)               44,913             43,437
              Others                                                                                         1,266              1,277


                                                                                                            46,179             44,714


              (i)       Contract liabilities primarily relate to the considerations received from customers before the Group satisfying
                        performance obligations. It would be recognised as revenue upon the rendering of services. Almost all of the
                        contract liability balance as at 31 December 2022 was recognised as revenue for the year ended 31 December
                        2023.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 171




22.   CONTRACT COSTS

                                                                                           Note                 2023               2022


      Direct incremental costs of broadband and internet protocol television
            (“IPTV”) service                                                                (i)                 8,368              5,557
      Sales commissions                                                                     (ii)                  125                300


                                                                                                                8,493              5,857


      (i)       Direct incremental costs for activating broadband and IPTV subscribers mainly include the costs of installing broadband and
                IPTV terminals at customer’s homes for the provision of broadband and IPTV services, and are amortised over the
                expected service period. The amount of capitalised direct incremental costs for activating broadband and IPTV subscribers
                recognised in profit or loss during the year was RMB5,855 million (2022: RMB3,659 million). There was no significant
                impairment in relation to the capitalised costs as at 31 December 2023 (2022: Nil).


      (ii)      Sales commissions are paid to agents whose selling activities resulted in new customers entering into contracts with the
                Group. The amount of capitalised sales commissions recognised in profit or loss during the year was RMB175 million
                (2022: RMB450 million). There was no significant impairment in relation to capitalised costs as at 31 December 2023
                (2022: Nil).


23.   FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE

                                                                                           Note                 2023               2022


      Non-current portion:
            Equity securities measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)                             (i)                 2,042              1,847
            Financial assets measured at FVPL                                               (ii)                1,158              1,130
            Debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                                   (iii)               2,017              1,132


                                                                                                                5,217              4,109


      Current portion:
            Financial assets measured at FVPL                                               (ii)                2,608              2,955
            Debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling)                                   (iii)             21,820              16,638


                                                                                                              24,428              19,593


                                                                                                              29,645              23,702
172 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


23.    FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE (Continued)
       (i)       Equity securities measured at FVOCI (non-recycling)


                                                                                          Note                  2023              2022


                 Listed in the PRC                                                                               146                   120
                 Listed outside the PRC                                                     42                 1,783              1,613
                 Unlisted                                                                                        113                   114


                                                                                                               2,042              1,847


       (ii)      Financial assets measured at FVPL represent certain equity investments, investments in monetary funds and wealth
                 management products.


       (iii)     Debt securities measured at FVOCI (recycling) represent certain debt investments issued by banks and the investments are
                 held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale.


24.    SHORT-TERM BANK DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED DEPOSITS

                                                                                                                2023              2022


       Short-term bank deposits                                                                                8,102              9,921
       Restricted deposits                                                                                     2,977              4,778


                                                                                                              11,079             14,699


25.    OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                          Note                  2023              2022


       Intangible assets                                                                    (i)               18,265             16,469
       Prepaid services charges for transmission lines and electricity cables and
             other services                                                                                    1,601              2,049
       VAT recoverable                                                                     (ii)                  405                   186
       Capital bonds                                                                                             433                    —
       Others                                                                                                  1,831              1,738


                                                                                                              22,535             20,442
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023 173




25.   OTHER ASSETS (Continued)
      (i)    Intangible assets


                                                                                 Computer
                                                                                  software            Others              Total


             Cost:
               At 1 January 2022                                                    32,965             3,795            36,760
               Additions                                                               393               158                551
               Transfer from CIP                                                     4,109             3,475              7,584
               Disposals                                                            (1,920)             (263)            (2,183)


               At 31 December 2022                                                  35,547             7,165            42,712


               Additions                                                                65               176                241
               Transfer from CIP                                                     2,998             4,399              7,397
               Disposals                                                            (2,716)             (302)            (3,018)


               At 31 December 2023                                                  35,894            11,438            47,332


             Accumulated amortisation and impairment:
               At 1 January 2022                                                   (20,977)           (2,416)           (23,393)
               Amortisation charge for the year                                     (3,631)           (1,335)            (4,966)
               Disposals                                                             1,886               230              2,116


               At 31 December 2022                                                 (22,722)           (3,521)           (26,243)


               Amortisation charge for the year                                     (3,753)           (1,754)            (5,507)
               Disposals                                                             2,432               251              2,683


               At 31 December 2023                                                 (24,043)           (5,024)           (29,067)


             Net book value:
               At 31 December 2023                                                  11,851             6,414            18,265


               At 31 December 2022                                                  12,825             3,644            16,469


      (ii)   VAT recoverable includes input VAT and prepaid VAT which is expected to be deducted beyond one year. VAT recoverable
             which is expected to be deducted within one year are included in “prepayments and other current assets”. See Note
             28(i).
174 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


26.    INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                2023             2022


       Handsets and other telecommunication products                                                           1,386            1,450
       Others                                                                                                    831              432


                                                                                                               2,217            1,882


27.    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

                                                                                                                2023             2022


       Accounts receivable                                                                                    57,349           40,769
       Less: Credit loss allowance                                                                           (18,657)          (14,438)


                                                                                                              38,692           26,331


       The gross carrying amount of accounts receivable from contracts with customers amounted to RMB57,234 million as at
       31 December 2023 (2022: RMB40,670 million).


       The aging analysis of accounts receivable, based on the billing date and net of credit loss allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                                                2023             2022


       Within one month                                                                                       12,429           10,609
       More than one month but not more than three months                                                      7,524            5,135
       More than three months but not more than one year                                                      15,024            9,070
       More than one year                                                                                      3,715            1,517


                                                                                                              38,692           26,331


       The normal credit period granted by the Group to individual subscribers and general corporate customers is thirty days from the
       date of billing unless they meet certain specified credit assessment criteria. For major corporate customers, the credit period
       granted by the Group is based on the service contract terms, normally not exceeding one year.


       There is no significant concentration of credit risk with respect to customers receivables, as the Group has a large number of
       customers.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 175




27.   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE (Continued)
      The Group measures loss allowances for accounts receivable at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is calculated using a
      provision matrix for those assessed on collective basis. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience indicate that there are
      different loss patterns for different customer types, the loss allowance based on past due status is distinguished between the
      Group’s different customer types.


      The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for accounts receivable as at
      31 December 2023:


      For individual subscribers and general corporate customers


                                                                                     Expected      Gross carrying               Loss
                                                                                      loss rate           amount          allowance


      Current (not past due)                                                               7%               2,691               (189)
      1–90 days past due                                                                  42%               1,229               (518)
      91–180 days past due                                                                90%                 742               (667)
      More than 180 days past due                                                        100%               2,587             (2,587)


                                                                                                            7,249             (3,961)


      For major corporate customers


                                                                                     Expected      Gross carrying               Loss
                                                                                      loss rate           amount          allowance


      Current (not past due)                                                               2%              10,346               (226)
      Within 1 year past due                                                              17%              26,171             (4,572)
      1–2 years past due                                                                  58%               8,111             (4,685)
      2–3 years past due                                                                  89%               2,409             (2,150)
      More than 3 years past due                                                         100%               3,063             (3,063)


                                                                                                           50,100            (14,696)
176 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


27.    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE (Continued)
       The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for accounts receivable as at
       31 December 2022:


       For individual subscribers and general corporate customers


                                                                                      Expected      Gross carrying              Loss
                                                                                       loss rate          amount           allowance


       Current (not past due)                                                               7%               3,018              (211)
       1–90 days past due                                                                  41%               1,406              (583)
       91–180 days past due                                                                90%                729               (656)
       More than 180 days past due                                                        100%               2,333            (2,333)


                                                                                                             7,486            (3,783)


       For major corporate customers


                                                                                      Expected      Gross carrying              Loss
                                                                                       loss rate          amount           allowance


       Current (not past due)                                                               3%               8,108              (221)
       Within 1 year past due                                                              21%             16,666             (3,436)
       1–2 years past due                                                                  65%               4,347            (2,836)
       2–3 years past due                                                                 100%               1,674            (1,674)
       More than 3 years past due                                                         100%               2,488            (2,488)


                                                                                                           33,283            (10,655)


       Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over past years. These rates are adjusted to reflect differences between
       economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view
       of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.


       The movement in the credit loss allowance in respect of accounts receivable during the year, is as follows:


                                                                                                             2023              2022


       Balance, beginning of year                                                                          14,438             10,170
       Allowance for the year                                                                                5,826             5,519
       Written-off during the year                                                                          (1,607)           (1,251)


       Balance, end of year                                                                                18,657             14,438
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 177




27.   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE (Continued)
      The creation and release of credit loss allowance for receivables have been recognised in the consolidated statement of income.
      Amounts charged to the allowance account are generally written-off when there is reliable evidence to indicate no expectation
      of recovering the receivable.


      The maximum exposure to credit risk as of the date of the statement of financial position is the carrying value of accounts
      receivable mentioned above.


28.   PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
      The nature of prepayments and other current assets are as follows:

                                                                                          Note                 2023                 2022


      Prepaid services charges for transmission lines and electricity cables and
            other services                                                                                     3,247                3,962
      Prepaid power and water charges                                                                           638                  778
      Deposits and prepayments                                                                                 3,615                4,628
      VAT recoverable                                                                      (i)               10,111                 8,285
      Prepaid enterprise income tax                                                                               35                  70
      Financial assets held under resale agreements                                        (ii)                5,005                  —
      Others                                                                                                   3,557                3,432


                                                                                                             26,208                21,155


      (i)       VAT recoverable includes the input VAT and prepaid VAT that is expected to be deducted within one year.


      (ii)      Financial assets held under resale agreements are transactions where Finance Company acquires financial assets which will
                be resold at a predetermined price at a future date under resale agreements.


      Prepayments and other current assets are expected to be recovered or recognised as expenses within one year.


      As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, there was no significant impairment for the prepayments and other current assets.


29.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
      (a)       Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                               2023                 2022


                Cash at bank and in hand                                                                     47,733                55,297


                Cash and cash equivalents refer to all cash on hand and demand deposits, short-term highly liquid investments that are
                readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


                Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits and short term deposits with original maturity of three months for
                the purpose of meeting the Group’s short term cash commitments, which carry interest at market rates ranging from
                0.01% to 1.50% (2022: 0.01% to 1.50%).
178 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


29.    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
       (b)    Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
              The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
              changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be,
              classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flow as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                 Short-term     Long-term    Commercial        Lease         Other
                                                                 bank loans    bank loans        papers    liabilities   borrowings      Total
                                                                  (Note 39)     (Note 33)     (Note 40)    (Note 36)


              At 1 January 2023                                        331          1,896         5,025      48,924           8,847    65,023


              Changes from financing cash flows:
              Proceeds from bank loans and other obligations           680            31             —             —             —        711
              Loans from related parties                                 —             —             —             —           583        583
              Repayment of short-term bank loans                       (330)           —             —             —             —       (330)
              Repayment of commercial papers                             —             —         (5,000)           —             —      (5,000)
              Repayment of other obligations                             —             —             —             —           (409)      (409)
              Repayment of long-term bank loans                          —           (385)           —             —             —        (385)
              Repayment of related party loans                           —             —             —             —           (913)      (913)
              Capital element of lease rentals paid                      —             —             —       (12,103)            —     (12,103)
              Net deposits with Finance Company                          —             —             —             —           949        949


              Total changes from financing cash flows                  350           (354)       (5,000)     (12,103)          210     (16,897)


              Exchange adjustments                                       —             —             —             —             —          —


              Other changes:
              Increase in lease liabilities from entering into
                 new leases/lease modifications
                 during the year                                         —             —             —         8,505             —      8,505
              Decrease due to termination of lease contracts             —             —             —        (2,069)            —      (2,069)
              Others                                                     —            64            (25)           —           176        215


              Total other changes                                        —            64            (25)       6,436           176      6,651


              At 31 December 2023                                      681          1,606            —       43,257           9,233    54,777
                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 179




29.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
      (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)


                                                               Short-term    Long-term    Commercial    Promissory    Corporate        Lease          Other
                                                               bank loans    bank loans       papers        notes        bonds     liabilities    borrowings      Total
                                                                (Note 39)     (Note 33)    (Note 40)     (Note 34)    (Note 35)    (Note 36)


            At 1 January 2022                                        385         2,207         6,875        1,004         2,039      22,559            7,755    42,824


            Changes from financing cash flows:
            Proceeds from short-term bank loans                      330             —            —             —            —             —              —        330
            Proceeds from commercial papers                           —              —         5,000            —            —             —              —      5,000
            Loans from a related party                                 —             —            —             —            —             —            471        471
            Repayment of short-term bank loans                      (385)            —            —             —            —             —             —         (385)
            Repayment of commercial papers                            —              —        (6,800)           —            —             —              —      (6,800)
            Repayment of promissory notes                              —             —            —         (1,000)          —             —              —      (1,000)
            Repayment of corporate bonds                               —             —            —             —        (2,000)           —              —      (2,000)
            Repayment of long-term bank loans                          —          (420)           —             —            —             —              —        (420)
            Payment of issuing expense for commercial
               papers                                                  —             —            (5)           —            —             —              —          (5)
            Capital element of lease rentals paid                      —             —            —             —            —       (13,373)             —     (13,373)
            Net deposits with Finance Company                          —             —            —             —            —            —             621        621


            Total changes from financing cash flows                   (55)        (420)       (1,805)       (1,000)      (2,000)    (13,373)           1,092    (17,561)


            Exchange adjustments                                       —             —            —             —            —             —              —          —


            Other changes:
            Increase in lease liabilities from entering into
               new leases/lease modifications during
               the year                                                —             —            —             —            —       39,997               —     39,997
            Decrease due to termination of lease
               contracts                                               —             —            —             —            —          (259)             —       (259)
            Others                                                      1          109           (45)           (4)         (39)          —               —         22


            Total other changes                                         1          109           (45)           (4)         (39)     39,738               —     39,760


            At 31 December 2022                                      331         1,896         5,025            —            —       48,924            8,847    65,023
180 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


30.    SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                                              shares              Share
       Issued and fully paid:                                                                               millions             capital


       At 1 January 2022, at 31 December 2022 and at 31 December 2023                                        30,598            254,056


31.    RESERVES
       (a)    Movement in components of equity
              The Company


                                                                           Investment
                                                                 Share     revaluation           Other        Retained            Total
                                                                capital        reserve          reserve         profits          equity


              Balance at 1 January 2022                        254,056           (9,372)           572          14,168         259,424
              Total comprehensive income for the year                —            (173)              —            9,265           9,092
              Dividends relating to 2021 final                       —               —               —           (2,937)         (2,937)
              Dividends relating to 2022 interim                     —               —               —           (5,049)         (5,049)


              Balance at 31 December 2022                      254,056           (9,545)           572          15,447         260,530


              Total comprehensive income for the year                —             170               —          10,757           10,927
              Dividends relating to 2022 final                       —               —               —           (3,335)         (3,335)
              Dividends relating to 2023 interim                     —               —               —           (6,211)         (6,211)


              Balance at 31 December 2023                      254,056           (9,375)           572          16,658         261,911


       (b)    Nature and purpose
              (i)     Statutory reserves
                      CUCL is registered as a foreign investment enterprise in the PRC. In accordance with the Articles of Association, it
                      is required to provide for statutory reserves, which are appropriated from profit after tax but before dividend
                      distribution.


                      CUCL is required to allocate at least 10% of its profit after tax determined under the PRC Company Law to the
                      statutory reserve fund until the cumulative amounts reach 50% of the registered capital. The statutory reserve can
                      only be used, upon approval obtained from the relevant authority, to offset accumulated losses or increase capital.


                      Accordingly, CUCL appropriated approximately RMB1,647 million (2022: approximately RMB1,471 million) to the
                      statutory reserve fund for the year ended 31 December 2023.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 181




31.   RESERVES (Continued)
      (b)   Nature and purpose (Continued)
            (i)     Statutory reserves (Continued)
                    Appropriation to the staff bonus and welfare fund is made at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The staff
                    bonus and welfare fund can only be used for special bonuses or the collective welfare of the employees and
                    cannot be distributed as cash dividends. Under HKFRSs, the appropriations to the staff bonus and welfare fund are
                    charged to the consolidated statement of income as expenses incurred since any assets acquired through this fund
                    belong to the employees. For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no appropriation to staff bonus and
                    welfare fund has been made by CUCL.


                    According to the PRC tax approval document issued by the MOF and the SAT of the PRC, the upfront connection
                    fees were not subject to the PRC enterprise income tax and an amount equal to the upfront connection fees
                    recognised in the retained profits shall be transferred from retained profits to the statutory reserve. As at
                    31 December 2011, an accumulated appropriation of approximately RMB12,289 million was made to the statutory
                    reserve and no more upfront connection fees are recognised afterwards.


            (ii)    General risk reserve
                    CUCL and Unicom Group established the Finance Company to provide certain financial services. Pursuant to
                    “Requirements on Impairment Allowance for Financial Institutions” (Caijin [2012] No. 20) issued by the MOF which
                    is effective on 1 July 2012 (the “Document”), the Finance Company establishes a general risk reserve within the
                    shareholders’ equity, through appropriation of retained profits, to address unidentified potential losses relating to
                    risk assets. The general risk reserve balance should not be less than 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets, as
                    defined in the Document.


            (iii)   Investment revaluation reserve
                    The investment revaluation reserve represents the changes in fair value of financial assets measured at FVOCI
                    (non-recycling), net of tax, until the financial assets are derecognised.


            (iv)    Other reserves
                    Other reserve mainly represents the difference between the consideration and the net assets value for business
                    combination of entities and businesses under common control, the effect of CUCL’s capitalisation of retained
                    profits, and capital contribution relating to share-based payment borne by A Share Company.
182 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


32.    DIVIDENDS
       At the annual general meeting held on 12 May 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the payment of a final
       dividend of RMB0.096 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2021, totaling approximately RMB2,937 million which
       has been reflected as a reduction of retained profits for the year ended 31 December 2022.


       At the annual general meeting held on 19 May 2023, the shareholders of the Company approved the payment of a final
       dividend of RMB0.109 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2022, totaling approximately RMB3,335 million which
       has been reflected as a reduction of retained profits for the year ended 31 December 2023.


       At a meeting held on 9 August 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company declared the payment of 2023 interim dividend of
       RMB0.203 per ordinary share to the shareholders totalling approximately RMB6,211 million. At a meeting held on 19 March
       2024, the Board of Directors of the Company proposed the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.1336 per ordinary share to the
       shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2023 totaling approximately RMB4,088 million. The proposed dividend has not
       been reflected as a dividend payable in the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023, but will be reflected in
       the consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2024.


                                                                                                           2023               2022


       Declared and paid interim dividend:
       RMB0.203 (2022: RMB0.165) per ordinary share by the Company                                        6,211              5,049
       Proposed final dividend:
       RMB0.1336 (2022: RMB0.109) per ordinary share by the Company                                       4,088              3,335


                                                                                                         10,299              8,384


       Pursuant to the PRC enterprise income tax law, a 10% withholding income tax is levied on dividends declared on or after
       1 January 2008 by foreign investment enterprises to their foreign enterprise shareholders unless the enterprise investor is
       deemed as a PRC Tax Resident Enterprise (“TRE”). On 11 November 2010, the Company obtained an approval from the State
       Taxation Administration of the PRC, pursuant to which the Company qualifies as a PRC TRE from 1 January 2008. Therefore, as
       at 31 December 2023, the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC did not accrue for withholding tax on dividends distributed to the
       Company and there has been no deferred tax liability accrued in the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the
       undistributed profits of the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC.


       For the Company’s non-PRC TRE shareholders (including HKSCC Nominees Limited), the Company would distribute dividends after
       deducting the amount of enterprise income tax payable by these non-PRC TRE shareholders thereon and reclassify the related
       dividend payable to withholding tax payable upon the declaration of such dividends. The requirement to withhold tax does not
       apply to the Company’s shareholders appearing as individuals in its share register.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023 183




33.   LONG-TERM BANK LOANS

                                       Interest rates and final maturity                          2023              2022


      RMB denominated                  Fixed interest rates ranging from 1.08% to 2.40%
        bank loans                       (2022: 1.08% to 1.20%) per annum with maturity
                                         through 2036 (2022: maturity through 2036)               1,443             1,714


      US dollars denominated           Fixed interest rate is Nil (2022: Nil to 1.55%)
        bank loans                       per annum with maturity through 2039
                                         (2022: maturity through 2039)                             153                171


      Euro denominated                 Fixed interest rates ranging from 1.10% to 1.50%
        bank loans                       (2022: 1.10% to 2.50%) per annum with maturity
                                         through 2034 (2022: maturity through 2034)                 10                 11


      Sub-total                                                                                   1,606             1,896
      Less: Current portion                                                                        (354)             (368)


                                                                                                  1,252             1,528


      As at 31 December 2023, long-term bank loans of approximately RMB33 million (2022: approximately RMB42 million) were
      guaranteed by third parties.


      The repayment schedule of the long-term bank loans is as follows:


                                                                                                  2023              2022


      Balances due:
        — No later than one year                                                                   354                368
        — More than one year and no later than two years                                           287                354
        — More than two years and no later than five years                                         628                691
        — More than five years                                                                     337                483


                                                                                                  1,606             1,896
      Less: Portion classified as current liabilities                                              (354)             (368)


                                                                                                  1,252             1,528
184 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


34.    PROMISSORY NOTES
       On 18 November 2019, CUCL issued tranche one of 2019 promissory notes in an amount of RMB1 billion, with a maturity period
       of 3 years from the date of issue and which carries interest at 3.39% per annum, and was fully repaid in November 2022.


35.    CORPORATE BONDS
       On 19 June 2019, CUCL issued RMB2 billion 3-year corporate bonds, bearing interest at 3.67% per annum, and was fully repaid
       in June 2022.


36.    LEASE LIABILITIES
       At 31 December 2023 and 2022, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:


                                                                                    2023                                2022

                                                                    Present value             Total     Present value             Total
                                                                           of the          minimum             of the          minimum
                                                                   minimum lease              lease    minimum lease              lease
                                                                       payments            payments        payments            payments


       Within 1 year                                                      12,640             12,901           12,495             12,750


       After 1 year but within 2 years                                    10,635             11,273           10,437             11,055
       After 2 years but within 5 years                                   18,740             20,988           25,026             28,272
       After 5 years                                                       1,242              1,822              966              1,313


                                                                          30,617             34,083           36,429             40,640


       Total lease liabilities                                            43,257             46,984           48,924             53,390


       Less: total future interest expenses                                                  (3,727)                             (4,466)


       Present value of lease liabilities                                                    43,257                              48,924


       The total cash outflow for leases incurred by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB23,622 million (2022:
       RMB23,048 million).
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023 185




37.   DEFERRED REVENUE
      Deferred revenue mainly represents the unamortised portion of government grants.


                                                                                           2023              2022


      Balance at beginning of the year                                                    7,832              6,951


      Additions for the year
        — government grants                                                               1,715              1,278
        — others                                                                          1,395              1,170


      Sub-total                                                                           3,110              2,448


      Reductions for the year
        — recognition of government grants in profit or loss                              (1,042)             (925)
        — others                                                                           (688)              (642)


      Sub-total                                                                           (1,730)           (1,567)


      Balance at end of the year                                                          9,212              7,832


38.   OTHER OBLIGATIONS

                                                                                   Note    2023              2022


      One-off cash housing subsidies                                                (a)   2,493              2,493
      Others                                                                        (b)     939              1,218


      Sub-total                                                                           3,432              3,711


      Less: Current portion                                                               (2,493)           (2,493)


                                                                                            939              1,218
186 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


38.    OTHER OBLIGATIONS (Continued)
       (a)    One-off cash housing subsidies
              Certain staff quarters, prior to 1998, were sold to certain of the Group’s employees at preferential prices, subject to a
              number of eligibility requirements. In 1998, the State Council issued a circular which stipulated that the sale of quarters
              to employees at preferential prices should be terminated. In 2000, the State Council issued a further circular stating that
              cash subsidies should be made to certain eligible employees following the withdrawal of the allocation of staff quarters.
              However, the specific timetable and procedures for the implementation of these policies were to be determined by
              individual provincial or municipal governments based on the particular situation of the provinces or municipality.


              Based on the relevant detailed local government regulations promulgated, certain entities within the Group adopted cash
              housing subsidy plans. In accordance with these plans, for those eligible employees who had not been allocated with
              quarters or who had not been allocated with quarters up to the prescribed standards before the discounted sales of
              quarters were terminated, the Group determined to pay them one-off cash housing subsidies based on their years of
              service, positions and other criteria. Based on the available information, the Group estimated the required provision for
              these cash housing subsidies amounted to RMB4,142 million, which was charged to the consolidated statement of income
              for the year ended 31 December 2000 (the year in which the State Council circular in respect of cash subsidies was
              issued).


              In January 2009, through the absorption of China Netcom (Group) Company Limited (“CNC China”) by CUCL and the
              absorption of China Network Communications Group Corporation (“Netcom Group”) by Unicom Group, the rights and
              obligations formerly undertaken by CNC China and Netcom Group were taken over by CUCL and Unicom Group
              separately. As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s unpaid one-off cash housing subsidies amounted to approximately
              RMB2,493 million (31 December 2022: RMB2,493 million). If the actual payments required for these one-off housing
              subsidies differ from the amount provided, Unicom Group will bear any additional payments required. If the actual
              payments are lower than the amount provided, the difference will be paid to Unicom Group.


       (b)    Others mainly include the balance of contributions from other investors of a subsidiary established by the Group (limited
              life entities) which were classified as financial liabilities by the Group.


39.    SHORT-TERM BANK LOANS

                                       Interest rates and final maturity                                      2023                 2022


       RMB denominated                 Fixed interest rates ranging from 1.45%–1.65%
         bank loans                       (2022: 1.65%–2.00%) per annum with maturity through
                                          2024 (2022: maturity through 2023)                                    681                 331


       As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, all short-term bank loans were unsecured.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 187




40.   COMMERCIAL PAPERS
      On 23 June 2021, CUCL issued tranche one of 2021 super short term commercial papers in an amount of RMB2 billion, with a
      maturity period of 270 days from the date of issue and which carries interest at 2.80% per annum, and was fully repaid in
      March 2022.


      On 27 July 2021, CUCL issued tranche two of 2021 super short term commercial papers in an amount of RMB3 billion, with a
      maturity period of 180 days from the date of issue and which carries interest at 2.23% per annum, and was fully repaid in
      January 2022.


      On 27 July 2021, CUCL issued tranche three of 2021 super short term commercial papers in an amount of RMB1.8 billion, with a
      maturity period of 180 days from the date of issue and which carries interest at 2.23% per annum, and was fully repaid in
      January 2022.


      On 2 September 2022, CUCL issued tranche one of 2022 short term commercial papers in an amount of RMB5 billion, with a
      maturity period of 365 days from the date of issue and which carries interest at 1.73% per annum, and was fully repaid in
      September 2023.


41.   ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                 2023              2022


      Payables to contractors and equipment suppliers                                                           94,259           85,475
      Payables to telecommunications products suppliers                                                          1,887             3,966
      Customer/contractor deposits                                                                               5,012             4,975
      Repair and maintenance expense payables                                                                    9,320             6,808
      Salary and welfare payables                                                                                8,917           12,379
      Amounts due to technical support services and other service providers/content providers                    9,499             8,402
      VAT received from customer in advance                                                                      2,380             2,311
      Accrued expenses                                                                                          19,101           20,177
      Others                                                                                                    10,904           10,345


                                                                                                            161,279             154,838


      The aging analysis of accounts payable and accrued liabilities based on the billing date is as follows:


                                                                                                                 2023              2022


      Less than six months                                                                                  137,565             131,253
      Six months to one year                                                                                     7,803             8,018
      More than one year                                                                                        15,911           15,567


                                                                                                            161,279             154,838
188 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


42.    MUTUAL INVESTMENT OF THE COMPANY AND TELEFÓNICA IN EACH OTHER
       On 6 September 2009, the Company announced that in order to strengthen the cooperation between the Company and
       Telefónica, the parties entered into a strategic alliance agreement and a subscription agreement, pursuant to which each party
       conditionally agreed to invest an equivalent of US dollars 1 billion in each other through an acquisition of each other’s shares.


       On 23 January 2011, the Company entered into an agreement to enhance the strategic alliance with Telefónica that: (a)
       Telefónica would purchase ordinary shares of the Company for a consideration of US dollars 500 million through acquisition from
       third parties; and (b) the Company would acquire from Telefónica 21,827,499 ordinary shares of Telefónica held in treasury
       (“Telefónica Treasury Shares”) for an aggregate purchase price of Euro374,559,882.84. On 25 January 2011, the Company
       completed the purchase of Telefónica Treasury Shares in accordance with the strategic agreement. During 2011, Telefónica
       completed its investment of US dollars 500 million in the Company.


       On 14 May 2012, Telefónica declared a dividend. The Company chose to implement it by means of a scrip dividend and
       received 1,646,269 ordinary shares of approximately RMB146 million.


       As at 31 December 2023, the related financial assets measured at FVOCI amounted to approximately RMB1,783 million
       (31 December 2022: approximately RMB1,613 million). For the year ended 31 December 2023, the increase in fair value of the
       financial assets measured at FVOCI was approximately RMB170 million (2022: decrease of approximately RMB173 million), has
       been recorded in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


43.    EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
       On 16 April 2014, the Company adopted a new share option scheme (the “2014 Share Option Scheme”). The 2014 Share Option
       Scheme is valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on 22 April 2014 and will expire on 22 April 2024. Under the
       2014 Share Option Scheme, the share options may be granted to employees including all directors; any grant of share options to
       a Connected Person (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company must be approved by the independent non-executive
       directors of the Company (excluding any independent non-executive director of the Company in the case such director is a
       grantee of the options) and all grants to connected persons shall be subject to compliance with the requirements of the Listing
       Rules, including where necessary the prior approval of the shareholders. As at 31 December 2023, 1,777,437,107 options were
       available for issue under the 2014 Share Option Scheme. Pursuant to the 2014 Share Option Scheme, the consideration payable
       by a participant for the grant of share options will be HK dollars 1.00. The exercise price payable by a participant upon the
       exercise of an option will be determined by the Board of Directors at their discretion at the date of grant, except that such price
       may not be set below a minimum price which is the higher of:


       (i)    The closing price of the shares on the SEHK on the offer date in respect of the share options; and


       (ii)   The average closing price of the shares on the SEHK for the five trading days immediately preceding the offer date.


       The option period commences on any day after the date on which such share option is offered, but may not exceed 10 years
       from the offer date. No share options had been granted since adoption of the 2014 Share Option Scheme.


       No options are outstanding as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023 189




44.   RESTRICTED A-SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME
      The Phase I Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme
      Pursuant to the share incentive scheme (Phase I) of A Share Company (the “Phase I Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme”), not
      more than 848 million restricted shares of A Share Company (the “Phase I Restricted Shares”) were approved for granting to the
      core employees of the Group, the first batch granted Phase I Restricted Shares of 793,861,000 and second batch granted Phase I
      Restricted Shares of 13,156,000 were subscribed by the participants, including certain core employees of the Company’s
      subsidiaries on 21 March 2018 and 1 February 2019 (the “Grant Dates”), respectively, with a subscription price of RMB3.79 per
      share. The fair value of the Phase I Restricted Shares granted under the respective Grant Dates is RMB2.34 and RMB1.57 per
      share, respectively, as determined based on the difference between the market price of A Share Company of RMB6.13 per share
      and RMB5.36 per share at the respective Grant Dates, and the subscription price of RMB3.79 per share.


      The Phase I Restricted Shares are subject to various lock-up periods (the “Lock-Up Period I”) of approximately 2 years, 3 years
      and 4 years, respectively, immediately from the Grant Dates. During the Lock-Up Period I, these shares are not transferrable, nor
      subject to any guarantee or indemnity. The Phase I Restricted Shares shall be unlocked (or repurchased and cancelled by A Share
      Company) separately in three tranches in proportion of 40%, 30% and 30% of the total number of the Phase I Restricted Shares
      granted upon the expiry of each of the Lock-Up Period I.


      Subject to fulfilment of all service and performance conditions under the Phase I Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme which
      include the achievement of certain revenue and profit targets of A Share Company, the participants’ individual performance
      appraisal, etc. (collectively referred to as “vesting conditions”), the restriction over the Phase I Restricted Shares will be removed
      after the expiry of the corresponding Lock-Up Period I for each tranche and the participants will be fully entitled to these
      incentive shares. If the vesting conditions are not fulfilled and hence the Phase I Restricted Shares cannot be unlocked, A Share
      Company shall repurchase the Phase I Restricted Shares based on the respective subscription price from the participants.


      Pursuant to the Phase I Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme, the third Lock-Up Period I of approximately 4 years for the second
      batch have expired during the current year. With the fulfilment of the vesting conditions, the Phase I Restricted Shares of
      3,240,375 (2022: 206,767,725) in aggregate were approved for unlocking after the Lock-Up Period I by the Board of Directors of
      A Share Company.


      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Phase I Restricted Shares of 443,925 (2022: 25,296,975) were forfeited.


      The Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme
      Pursuant to the share incentive scheme (Phase II) of A Share Company (the “Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme”),
      approximately 838 million restricted shares of A Share Company (the “Phase II Restricted Shares”) were approved for granting to
      the core employees of the Group, the granted Phase II Restricted Shares of 838,340,000 were subscribed by the participants,
      including certain core employees of the Company’s subsidiaries on 1 November 2022 (the “Grant Date”), with a subscription
      price of RMB2.48 per share. The fair value of the Phase II Restricted Shares granted under the Grant Date is RMB0.93 per share,
      as determined based on the difference between the market price of A Share Company of RMB3.41 per share at the Grant Date,
      and the subscription price of RMB2.48 per share.
190 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


44.    RESTRICTED A-SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME (Continued)
       The Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)
       The Phase II Restricted Shares are subject to various lock-up periods (the “Lock-Up Period II”) of approximately 2 years, 3 years
       and 4 years, respectively, immediately from the Grant Date. During the Lock-Up Period II, these shares are not transferrable, nor
       subject to any guarantee or indemnity. The Phase II Restricted Shares shall be unlocked (or repurchased and cancelled by A
       Share Company) separately in three tranches in proportion of 40%, 30% and 30% of the total number of the Phase II Restricted
       Shares granted upon the expiry of each of the Lock-Up Period II.


       Subject to fulfilment of all service and performance conditions under the Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Scheme which
       include the achievement of certain revenue and profit targets of A Share Company, the participants’ individual performance
       appraisal, etc., the restriction over the Phase II Restricted Shares will be removed after the expiry of the corresponding Lock-Up
       Period II for each tranche and the participants will be fully entitled to these incentive shares. If the vesting conditions are not
       fulfilled and hence the Phase II Restricted Shares cannot be unlocked, A Share Company shall repurchase the Phase II Restricted
       Shares based on the lower of the subscription price from the participants and the market price at the time of repurchase.


       For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recognised share-based payment expenses and other reserves of RMB282
       million under the Phase I and Phase II Restricted A-Share Incentive Schemes (2022: RMB55 million).


45.    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
       Unicom Group is a state-owned enterprise directly controlled by the PRC government. The PRC government is the Company’s
       ultimate controlling party. Neither Unicom Group nor the PRC government publishes financial statements available for public use.


       The PRC government controls a significant portion of the productive assets and entities in the PRC. The Group provides
       telecommunications services as part of its retail transactions, thus, is likely to have extensive transactions with the employees of
       other state-owned enterprises, including their key management personnel and their close family members. These transactions
       are carried out on commercial terms that are consistently applied to all customers.


       Management considers certain state-owned enterprises have material transactions with the Group in its ordinary course of
       business, which include but not limited to 1) rendering and receiving telecommunications services, including interconnection
       revenue/charges; 2) sharing certain telecommunications network infrastructure; 3) purchasing of goods, including use of public
       utilities; and 4) placing of bank deposits and borrowing money. The Group’s telecommunications network depends, in large part,
       on interconnection with the network and on transmission lines service provided by other domestic carriers. These transactions
       are mainly carried out on terms comparable to those conducted with third parties or standards promulgated by relevant
       government authorities and have been reflected in the financial statements. Amounts due from domestic carriers are all derived
       from contracts with customers.


       Management believes that meaningful information relating to related party transactions has been disclosed below.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023 191




45.   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      45.1   Connected transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries other than the Group (“Unicom Group and its
             subsidiaries”)
             (a)    Recurring transactions
                    The following is a summary of significant recurring transactions carried out by the Group with Unicom Group and
                    its subsidiaries. In the directors’ opinion, these transactions were carried out in the ordinary course of business.


                    The following transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries constitute continuing connected transactions
                    under the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the relevant disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A
                    of the Listing Rules. Further details of these continuing connected transactions are disclosed under the paragraph
                    “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the Report of Directors.


                                                                                          Note                 2023                2022


                    Transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries:
                    Charges for value-added telecommunications services                  (i), (ii)                12                 25
                    Rental charges for short-term property leasing and
                      related services                                                  (i), (iii)               945              1,052
                    Charges for use of telecommunications resources and
                      related services                                                  (i), (iv)                209                231
                    Charges for engineering design and construction and
                      IT services                                                        (i), (v)                175                184
                    Charges for shared services                                         (i), (vi)                 76                 79
                    Charges for materials procurement services                          (i), (vii)                 3                 16
                    Charges for ancillary telecommunications services                   (i), (viii)              150                 10
                    Charges for comprehensive support services                          (i), (ix)                836                626
                    Income from comprehensive support services                          (i), (ix)                194                 98
                    Lending by Finance Company to Unicom Group and its
                      subsidiaries                                                      (i), (xi)              5,700             11,800
                    Repayment of loans lending by Finance Company to
                      Unicom Group and its subsidiaries                                 (i), (xi)              5,700             17,600
                    Fee and interest income from lending services                       (i), (xi)                126                322
                    Income from other financial services                                (i), (xi)                  1                  1
                    Net deposits with Finance Company                                   (i), (xi)                912                631
                    Interest expenses on the deposits in Finance Company                (i), (xi)                105                 73
                    Interest expenses on unsecured entrusted loans                        (xii)                   43                 32
                    Lending from Unicom Group and its subsidiaries                        (xii)                  583                471
                    Repayment of loans lending from Unicom Group and its
                      subsidiaries                                                        (xii)                  913                  —
192 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


45.    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       45.1   Connected transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries other than the Group (“Unicom Group and its subsidiaries”)
              (Continued)
              (a)     Recurring transactions (Continued)
                      (i)     On 21 October 2019, CUCL and Unicom Group entered into the “2020–2022 Comprehensive Services
                              Agreement” to renew certain continuing connected transactions. “2020–2022 Comprehensive Services
                              Agreement” has a term of three years commencing on 1 January 2020 and expired on 31 December 2022.


                              On 28 October 2022, CUCL and Unicom Group entered into the “2023–2025 Comprehensive Services
                              Agreement”, and Finance Company and Unicom Group entered into the “2023–2025 Financial Services
                              Agreement”. Pursuant to the “2023–2025 Comprehensive Services Agreement”, CUCL and Unicom Group
                              agreed to provide services to each other or by one to the other, including (i) use of telecommunications
                              resources; (ii) property leasing; (iii) value-added telecommunications services; (iv) materials procurement
                              services; (v) engineering design and construction and IT services; (vi) ancillary telecommunications services;
                              (vii) comprehensive support services and (viii) shared services. Pursuant to the “2023–2025 Financial
                              Services Agreement”, Finance Company agreed to provide financial services to Unicom Group.


                      (ii)    UNISK (Beijing) Information Technology Corporation Limited (“UNISK”) agreed to provide the mobile
                              subscribers of CUCL with various types of value-added services through its cellular communications network
                              and data platform. The Group retains a portion of the revenue generated from the value-added services
                              provided to the Group’s subscribers (and actually received by the Group) and allocates a portion of such
                              fees to UNISK for settlement, on the condition that such proportion allocated to UNISK does not exceed the
                              average proportion allocated to independent value-added telecommunications content providers who
                              provide value-added telecommunications content to the Group in the same region. The percentage of
                              revenue to be allocated to UNISK by the Group varies depending on the types of value-added service
                              provided to the Group.


                      (iii)   CUCL and Unicom Group agreed to mutually lease properties and ancillary facilities from each other. Rentals
                              are based on the lower of the market rates and the depreciation costs and taxes. In addition to the above
                              amount, the Group recognised a total addition of right-of-use asset of RMB116 million resulting from the
                              properties leased (lease term exceeds 12 months) in 2023.
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023 193




45.   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      45.1   Connected transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries other than the Group (“Unicom Group and its
             subsidiaries”) (Continued)
             (a)   Recurring transactions (Continued)
                   (iv)     CUCL was agreed to use certain international telecommunications resources (including international
                            telecommunications channel gateways, international telecommunications service gateways, international
                            submarine cable capacity, international land cables and international satellite facilities) and certain other
                            telecommunications facilities of Unicom Group for its operations. The charges for the use of international
                            telecommunications resources and other telecommunications facilities are based on the annual depreciation
                            and amortisation charges of such resources and facilities provided that such charges would not be higher
                            than market rates. For maintenance service to the telecommunications facilities aforementioned, unless
                            otherwise agreed by CUCL and Unicom Group, such maintenance service charges would be borne by CUCL
                            and determined with reference to market rates or a cost-plus basis if there are no market rates.


                   (v)      Unicom Group agreed to provide engineering design, construction and supervision services and IT services to
                            CUCL. The charges payable by CUCL for the above services are determined with reference to the market
                            price and are settled when the relevant services are provided.


                   (vi)     Unicom Group and CUCL agreed to provide shared services to each other and would share the costs related
                            to the shared services proportionately in accordance with their respective total assets value with certain
                            adjustments. For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the services charges paid by Unicom Group
                            to CUCL was negligible.


                   (vii)    Unicom Group agreed to provide comprehensive procurement services for imported and domestic
                            telecommunications materials and other domestic non-telecommunications materials to CUCL. Unicom
                            Group has also agreed to provide services on management of tenders, verification of technical
                            specifications, installation, consulting and agency services. In addition, Unicom Group will sell materials to
                            CUCL and resell the equipment purchased from the third parties, and will also provide storage and logistics
                            services in relation to the above materials procurement. The charges payable by CUCL to Unicom Group are
                            based on contract values, market rates, government guidance price or cost-plus basis where applicable.


                   (viii)   Unicom Group agreed to provide ancillary telecommunications services to CUCL. These services include certain
                            telecommunications pre-sale, on-sale and after-sale services such as assembling and repairing of certain
                            telecommunications equipment, sales agency services, printing and invoice delivery services, maintenance of
                            telephone booths, customers acquisitions and servicing and other customers’ service. The charges are based
                            on market rates, government guidance price or cost-plus basis and are settled as and when the relevant
                            services are provided.
194 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


45.    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       45.1   Connected transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries other than the Group (“Unicom Group and its
              subsidiaries”) (Continued)
              (a)     Recurring transactions (Continued)
                      (ix)   Unicom Group and CUCL agreed to provide comprehensive support services to each other, including dining
                             services, facilities leasing services, vehicle services, health and medical services, labour services, security
                             services, hotel and conference services, gardening services, decoration and renovation services, construction
                             agency, equipment maintenance services, market development, sanitary services, parking services, staff
                             trainings, storage services, advertising services, marketing, property management services.


                             CUCL agreed to provide comprehensive services to Unicom Group, including sales services, technical support
                             services, research and development services, communication services and communications technology
                             services (including construction and installation services, system integration services, software development,
                             product sales and agent services, operation and maintenance services, and consultation services).


                             The charges are based on market rates, government guidance price or cost-plus basis and are settled as and
                             when the relevant services are provided.


                      (x)    Unicom Group is the registered proprietor of the “Unicom” trademark in English and the trademark bearing
                             the “Unicom” logo, which are registered at the PRC State Trademark Bureau. Pursuant to an exclusive PRC
                             trademark licence agreement between Unicom Group and the Group, the Group has been granted the right
                             to use these trademarks on a royalty free and renewal basis.


                      (xi)   Finance Company has agreed to provide financial services to Unicom Group and its subsidiaries, including
                             deposit services, lending and other credit services, and other financial services.


                             For the deposit services from Finance Company to Unicom Group and its subsidiaries, the maximum and
                             minimum deposit interest rates will follow the provisions of the PBOC for deposits of the same period and
                             the same type, and be determined with reference to the interest rate for the same period and same type of
                             deposit offered to Unicom Group by the major cooperative commercial banks of Unicom Group and/or
                             offered by Finance Company to other client, and will be on normal commercial terms.


                             For the lending services from Finance Company to Unicom Group and its subsidiaries, the interest rate will
                             follow the relevant provisions of the PBOC, which will be based on Loan Prime Rate and be determined with
                             reference to the interest rate for the same period and same type of lending and other credit services
                             offered to the same type of corporations by the major cooperative commercial bank of Unicom Group and/
                             or offered by Finance Company to its other clients, and will be on normal commercial terms.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 195




45.   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      45.1   Connected transactions with Unicom Group and its subsidiaries other than the Group (“Unicom Group and its
             subsidiaries”) (continued)
             (a)    Recurring transactions (Continued)
                    (xii)   These transactions are related to the unsecured entrusted loans and related interest expenses from Unicom
                            Group and its subsidiaries (see note 45.1 (c)). These transactions are conducted on normal commercial
                            terms or better and are fully exempted from compliance with the reporting, announcement, independent
                            shareholders’ approval and/or annual review requirements under Rules 14A.90 of the Listing Rules.


             (b)    Amounts due from Unicom Group and its subsidiaries
                    Amount due from Unicom Group as at 31 December 2023 included loans from Finance Company to Unicom Group
                    of RMB4,600 million in total with respective floating interest rate of Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”) published by the
                    National Interbank Funding Center (“NIFC”) (2022: RMB4,600 million in total with respective floating interest rate of
                    LPR published by the NIFC).


             (c)    Amounts due to Unicom Group and its subsidiaries
                    Amount due to Unicom Group and its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2023 included a balance of deposits received
                    by Finance Company from Unicom Group and its subsidiaries of RMB7,650 million (31 December 2022: RMB6,721
                    million) with interest rates ranging from 0.42% to 2.75% per annum for saving and deposits of different terms.


                    Amount due to Unicom Group and its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2023 included unsecured entrusted loans
                    from Unicom Group of RMB706 million (31 December 2022: RMB300 million) with a maturity period of 3 years and
                    interest rate at 2.25% per annum and unsecured entrusted loans from Unicom Group of RMB175 million
                    (31 December 2022: RMB171 million, which was fully repaid in 2023) with a maturity period of 2 years and
                    interest rate at 2.25% per annum. Unsecured entrusted loan from A Share Company of RMB742 million as at
                    31 December 2022 with a maturity period of 5 years and interest rate at 4.28% per annum was fully repaid in
                    2023.
196 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


45.    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       45.2   Transactions with associates and joint ventures of Unicom Group and its subsidiaries
              The Group has entered into transactions with associates and joint ventures of Unicom Group and its subsidiaries based on
              terms comparable to terms of transactions entered with other entities. In the directors’ opinion, these transactions were
              carried out in the ordinary course of business.


              The following transactions with associates and joint ventures of Unicom Group and its subsidiaries constitute continuing
              connected transactions under the Listing Rules, unless otherwise stated. The Company has complied with the relevant
              disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Further details of these continuing connected
              transactions are disclosed under the paragraph “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the Report of Directors.


                                                                                                             2023              2022


              Transactions with associates and joint ventures of Unicom Group and its
                 subsidiaries:
              Charges for value-added telecommunications services                                              61                105
              Rental charges for short-term property leasing and related services                              —                   4
              Charges for use of telecommunications resources and related services                              1                  3
              Charges for engineering design and construction and IT services                                 521              2,250
              Charges for materials procurement services                                                       12                121
              Charges for ancillary telecommunications services                                               888              3,016
              Charges for comprehensive support services                                                      279              1,012
              Income from comprehensive support services                                                       31                 23


              In addition to the above amounts, the Group has also entered into related party transactions with associates of Unicom
              Group which do not meet the definition of connected person and connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing
              Rules in 2023. These transactions include: charges for value-added telecommunications services amounting to RMB180
              million, charges for engineering design and construction and IT services amounting to RMB2,568 million, charges for
              ancillary telecommunications services amounting to RMB2,322 million and charges for comprehensive support services
              amounting to RMB1,036 million.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 197




45.   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      45.3   Material transactions with associates and joint ventures of the Group
             The following is a summary of material transactions entered into by the Group with the associates and joint ventures of
             the Group. In the directors’ opinion, these transactions were carried out in the ordinary course of business.


                                                                                       Notes                 2023              2022


             Transactions with associates and joint ventures of the Group:
             Revenue from engineering design and construction services                   (i)                  431                271
             Related costs for use of tower assets                                       (ii)              20,078             19,278
             Additions of right-of-use assets                                            (ii)                3,254            33,773
             Revenue from value-added telecommunications services                                             523                292
             Charges for value-added telecommunications services                                              657                503
             Charges for materials procurement services                                                         12                18
             Net deposits with Finance Company                                                                  35               (10)
             Interest expenses on the deposits in Finance Company                                                1                 1


             (i)    Engineering design and construction services
                    The Group provided engineering design and construction services to Tower Company.


             (ii)   Lease of the tower assets and other related services
                    On 8 July 2016, CUCL and Tower Company entered into a framework agreement to confirm the pricing and related
                    arrangements in relation to the usage of certain telecommunications towers and related assets (the “Agreement”).
                    The Agreement finalised terms including assets categories, pricing basis for usage charges, and relevant service
                    period etc. Provincial service agreements and detailed lease confirmation for specified towers have been signed
                    subsequently.


                    On 31 January 2018, after further arm’s length negotiations and discussions, CUCL and Tower Company agreed on
                    certain supplementary provisions based on the Agreement dated 8 July 2016, which mainly relate to a reduction in
                    cost-plus margin of Tower Company which forms the benchmark for pricing and an increase in co-tenancy discount
                    rates offered to the Group regarding towers under co-sharing arrangements. The new terms applicable to the
                    leased tower portfolio as confirmed by both parties are effective from 1 January 2018 for a period of five years.


                    On 13 December 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved CUCL and Tower Company to sign the
                    commercial pricing agreement and the service agreement, and the material terms of the commercial pricing
                    agreement and the service agreement have been agreed and finalised, in which CUCL leases assets and receives
                    services provided by Tower Company, including tower products, indoor distribution system products, transmission
                    products and service products. The agreements further reduced the products pricing and increased the co-tenancy
                    discount rates offered to the Group. The term of each of the commercial pricing agreement and the service
                    agreement is five years, effective from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2027.
198 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


45.    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
       45.3   Material transactions with associates and joint ventures of the Group (Continued)
              (ii)    Lease of the tower assets and other related services (Continued)
                      Based on HKFRS 16, the Group recognised additions of right-of-use assets in 2023 amounting to RMB3,254 million
                      (2022:RMB33,773 million). Related costs for use of tower assets include the depreciation of right-of-use assets of
                      RMB7,470 million (2022: RMB7,840 million), interest expense of RMB1,273 million (2022: RMB368 million), and
                      variable lease payments and other related service charges of RMB11,335 million (2022: RMB11,070 million) in the
                      consolidated statement of income for the year ended 31 December 2023.


                      The outstanding balances with the associates and joint ventures of the Group are summarised as follows:


                                                                                                       31 December         31 December
                                                                                         Note                  2023               2022


                      Amounts due from related parties                                                          272                221
                      Amounts due to related parties                                      (iii)               14,307             8,826


              (iii)   Amounts due to Tower Company
                      The related accounts payable and bills payable balance (exclude lease liabilities) to Tower Company included in the
                      balance of amounts due to related parties as at 31 December 2023 was RMB13,794 million (31 December 2022:
                      RMB8,522 million). Except as mentioned in Note 45.3(ii), amounts due from/to Tower Company are unsecured,
                      interest-free, repayable on demand/on contract terms with Tower Company as described above.


46.    CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS
       46.1   Capital commitments
              As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group had capital commitments, mainly in relation to the construction of
              telecommunications network, as follows:


                                                                      2023                                       2022

                                                        Land and                                  Land and
                                                        buildings   Equipment          Total      buildings   Equipment          Total


              Authorised and contracted for                3,467       38,508        41,975          3,405        30,193        33,598
              Authorised but not contracted for            7,109       28,320        35,429          7,119        36,327        43,446


                                                          10,576       66,828        77,404         10,524        66,520        77,044


       46.2   Contingent liabilities
              As at 31 December 2023, the Group had no material contingent liabilities and no material financial guarantees issued.
                                                            Annual Report 2023 199




47.   COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                      As at 31 December
                                                        2023               2022


      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
        Equipment                                           2                  2
        Investments in subsidiaries                   237,426          237,426
        Loan to a subsidiary                               —              12,230
        Right-of-use assets                               10                 28
        Financial assets measured at fair value         1,783              1,613


                                                      239,221          251,299


      Current assets
        Amounts due from subsidiaries                    157                156
        Dividend receivable                             9,624              8,774
        Prepayments and other current assets             234                 27
        Loan to a subsidiary                           12,347                 —
        Cash and cash equivalents                        371                321


                                                       22,733              9,278


      Total assets                                    261,954          260,577


      EQUITY
        Share capital                                 254,056          254,056
        Reserves                                       (8,803)            (8,973)
        Retained profits
          — Proposed final dividend                     4,088              3,335
          — Others                                     12,570             12,112


      Total equity                                    261,911          260,530
200 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions unless otherwise stated)


47.    COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)

                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                            2023              2022


       LIABILITIES
       Non-current liabilities
         Lease liabilities                                                                                     —                18
         Other non-current liabilities                                                                         4                 4


                                                                                                               4                22


       Current liabilities
         Lease liabilities                                                                                     9                 9
         Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                             19                16
         Other current liabilities                                                                            11                 —


                                                                                                              39                25


       Total liabilities                                                                                      43                47


       Total equity and liabilities                                                                       261,954         260,577


       Net current assets                                                                                  22,694             9,253


       Total assets less current liabilities                                                              261,915         260,552


       The Company’s statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 19 March
       2024 and signed on behalf of the Board of Directors by:




       Chen Zhongyue                                      Li Yuzhuo
       Chairman and Chief Executive Officer              Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023 201




48.   NON-ADJUSTING EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      Proposed final dividend
      After the date of the statement of financial position, the Board of Directors proposed a final dividend for the year of 2023. For
      details, please refer to Note 32.


49.   APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 19 March 2024.
202 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




FINANCIAL
SUMMARY
For the five-year ended 31 December 2023
(All amounts in RMB millions, except per share data)


Selected financial summary for 2019 to 2023, including selected consolidated statement of income data and consolidated statement of
financial position data for 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 were prepared in accordance with HKFRSs.


RESULTS
Selected Statement of Income Data


                                                        2023           2022               2021              2020              2019


Revenue                                            372,597           354,944           327,854           303,838           290,515


Interconnection charges                            (11,294)          (10,947)          (11,557)          (10,574)           (11,513)
Depreciation and amortisation                      (84,847)          (86,829)          (85,652)          (83,017)           (83,080)
Network, operation and support expenses            (60,026)          (56,425)          (53,087)          (46,286)           (43,236)
Employee benefit expenses                          (62,939)          (60,726)          (58,944)          (55,740)           (50,516)
Costs of telecommunications products
  sold                                             (36,403)          (34,720)          (30,683)          (26,862)           (26,412)
Other operating expenses                          (102,123)          (92,957)          (77,263)          (70,237)           (64,480)
Finance costs                                          (1,981)        (1,095)           (1,385)           (1,747)            (2,123)
Interest income                                         2,105          1,747             1,215             1,366             1,272
Share of net profit of associates                       2,519          2,153             1,862             1,588             1,359
Share of net profit of joint ventures                   1,803          1,593             1,448               787               646
Other income — net                                      3,534          3,850             4,119             2,911             1,735


Profit before income tax                               22,945         20,588            17,927            16,027            14,167
Income tax expenses                                    (4,023)        (3,751)           (3,420)           (3,450)            (2,795)


Profit for the year                                    18,922         16,837            14,507            12,577            11,372


Profit attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                   18,726         16,745            14,368            12,493            11,330
  Non-controlling interests                              196              92               139                84                42


Profit for the year                                    18,922         16,837            14,507            12,577            11,372


Earnings per share for profit attributable
  to equity shareholders
  of the Company:
  Basic earnings per share (RMB)                         0.61           0.55              0.47              0.41               0.37


  Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                       0.61           0.55              0.47              0.41               0.37
                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 203




RESULTS (Continued)
Selected Statement of Financial Position Data


                                                  2023      2022      2021      2020               2019


Property, plant and equipment                   355,995   352,433   355,031   364,187           367,401
Right-of-use assets                              52,608    59,227    32,866    37,960            43,073
Financial assets measured at fair value          29,645    23,702    32,726    27,682             4,093
Cash and cash equivalents                        47,733    55,297    34,280    23,085            34,945
Other current asset                              85,940    71,353    62,937    61,362            48,448
Other non-current asset                          89,130    80,651    73,236    66,340            64,539


Total assets                                    661,051   642,663   591,076   580,616           562,499


Short-term bank loans                              681       331       385       740              5,564
Commercial papers                                    —      5,025     6,875     7,000             8,995
Long-term bank loans                              1,606     1,896     2,207     2,900             3,306
Lease liabilities                                43,257    48,924    22,559    27,961            32,325
Other current liabilities                       249,977   232,651   216,409   202,367           179,404
Other non-current liabilities                    11,632    10,300     9,208    12,128            12,150


Total liabilities                               307,153   299,127   257,643   253,096           241,744


Total equity                                    353,898   343,536   333,433   327,520           320,755
204 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited




CORPORATE
INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS (As At 19 March 2024)                                 REGISTERED OFFICE
Executive Directors                                                      75th Floor,
Chen Zhongyue Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central,
Wang Junzhi Executive Director                                           Hong Kong
Li Yuzhuo Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer                 Tel: (852) 2126 2018


Independent Non-Executive Directors                                      MAJOR SUBSIDIARY
Cheung Wing Lam Linus                                                    China United Network Communications Corporation Limited
Wong Wai Ming                                                            No. 21 Financial Street,
Chung Shui Ming Timpson                                                  Xicheng District, Beijing 100033, P.R.C.
Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny
                                                                         SHARE REGISTRAR
Audit Committee                                                          Hong Kong Registrars Limited
Wong Wai Ming (Chairman)                                                 Shops 1712–1716,
Cheung Wing Lam Linus                                                    17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
Chung Shui Ming Timpson                                                  183 Queen’s Road East,
Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                                                   Wanchai, Hong Kong
                                                                         Tel: (852) 2862 8555
Remuneration Committee                                                   Fax: (852) 2865 0990
Cheung Wing Lam Linus (Chairman)                                         Website: www.computershare.com/hk/contact
Wong Wai Ming
Chung Shui Ming Timpson                                                  PUBLICATIONS
                                                                         Financial reports, announcements, press releases and other investor
Nomination Committee                                                     information on the Company are available to access electronically via
Chung Shui Ming Timpson (Chairman)                                       the Company’s website.
Chen Zhongyue
Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                                                   STOCK CODE
                                                                         Hong Kong Stock Exchange: 762
COMPANY SECRETARY
Chan Ngar Wai                                                            COMPANY WEBSITE
                                                                         www.chinaunicom.com.hk
AUDITOR
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors


LEGAL ADVISORS
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer
CORPORATE
CULTURE
OUR VISION
A world-class technology service enterprise with global competitiveness


OUR MISSION
The leading contributor of digital information operation and services
The pioneer of digital technology integration and innovation


OUR CORE VALUES
Customer-oriented
Employee-friendly
Attentive to quality service
Inherently innovative
Proud of endeavours
Adhering to integrity


CORPORATE STYLE
Rigorous, Pragmatic, Skillful, Meticulous, Efficient


OPERATION AND MANAGEMENT PHILOSOPHIES
Create value for customers
Driven by both market and innovation
One China Unicom with integrated capabilities and operating services
E̲ChinaUnicom AR23̲Cover̲aw.pdf 1 18/04/2024 11:31:26




                                                                              ,/EhE/KDΈ,KE'<KE'Ή>/D/dEEh>ZWKZdϮϬϮϯ
                 CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG) LIMITED

                 75th Floor, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
                 Tel : (852) 2126 2018              Fax : (852) 2126 2016


                 www.chinaunicom.com.hk



                                                                                                                                             AND




                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                                   China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                                                                                                                   Stock Code : 762
