TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 天能動力國際有限公司   INTERIM REPORT 2024 中期報告
                                                                         中 期報告
                                                                  Interim Report 2024


                                                                   CONTENTS


                                                                              page

Corporate Information                                                              2

Management Discussion and Analysis                                                 4

Corporate Governance                                                              26

Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements                   27

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of
   Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                                  29

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                          32

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                           35

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                  36

  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements                        38

Other Information                                                                 69




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                    01
     Interim Report 2024


     CORPORATE INFORMATION


     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS              NOMINATION COMMITTEE
     Dr. ZHANG Tianren (Chairman)     MEMBERS
     Mr. ZHANG Aogen                  Dr. ZHANG Tianren (Chairman)
     Mr. SHI Borong                   Mr. HUANG Dongliang
     Mr. ZHANG Kaihong                Mr. XIAO Gang
     Mr. ZHOU Jianzhong
                                      COMPANY SECRETARY
     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE        Ms. HUI Wai Man Shirley
     DIRECTORS
     Mr. HUANG Dongliang              AUDITOR
     Mr. ZHANG Yong
                                      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Mr. XIAO Gang
                                      Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
                                      35th Floor, One Pacific Place
     AUDIT COMMITTEE MEMBERS          88 Queensway Hong Kong
     Mr. HUANG Dongliang (Chairman)
     Mr. ZHANG Yong                   PUBLIC RELATIONS
     Mr. XIAO Gang
                                      Porda Havas International Finance
                                        Communications (Group) Holdings
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE             Company Limited
     MEMBERS                          Unit 802B, 8th Floor,
     Mr. XIAO Gang (Chairman)         Admiralty Centre, Tower 1,
     Mr. HUANG Dongliang              18 Harcourt Road,
     Mr. ZHANG Aogen                  Admiralty, Hong Kong




02                                       TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                 Interim Report 2024


                                             CORPORATE INFORMATION


STATUTORY ADDRESS                        LISTING INFORMATION
Cricket Square                           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Hutchins Drive                           Stock Code: 00819
P.O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman
KY1-1111
Cayman Islands

PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
IN HONG KONG
Suite 3202, 32 Floor, Central Plaza
18 Harbour Road
Wanchai
Hong Kong

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.tianneng.com.hk

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman
KY1-1111, Cayman Islands

HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                   03
     Interim Report 2024


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     COMPANY PROFILE
     Tianneng Power International Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries,
     collectively referred to as the “Group” or “Tianneng“), founded in 1986, is a leading
     company in the new energy battery industry and light electric vehicles battery industry
     in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”). In 2007, the Company was listed
     on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”)
     (Stock Code: 00819.HK). After more than 35 years of development, the Group has
     become a new energy group focused on motive batteries for light electric vehicles,
     energy storage systems (“ESS”) for power generation side and power consumption
     side, ESS for industrial and commercial users, “dual recycling” industries such as lead
     recycling and lithium recycling as well as integrating the research and development
     (“R&D”), production and sale of various types of batteries (including starter and start-
     stop batteries for automobiles, motive batteries for special industrial vehicles, hydrogen
     fuel cells and sodium-ion batteries), and green and intelligent manufacturing.

     OPERATION REVIEW
     During the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 (the “Reporting Period”), the Group
     put emphasis on building new quality productive forces by leveraging the initiatives of
     “industry, technology, and capital” together with “digital intelligence, platformisation, and
     internationalisation” to create a new blueprint of Tianneng. The Group has adhered to the
     principle that “technological innovation is the core element for developing new quality
     productive forces” and has further upgraded and optimised the production process of
     lead-acid batteries. It has also endeavoured to explore the layout and application of
     emerging batteries such as lithium, hydrogen, sodium, and solid-state batteries. At the
     same time, the Group is committed to addressing global climate challenges. Through
     green and intelligent manufacturing as well as circular economy, it has enhanced
     production efficiency and environmental protection to establish a sustainable supply
     chain, which is in line with China’s development goals of high-quality development and
     modernised governance.




04                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                          Interim Report 2024


                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Tianneng has positioned technological innovation as the core driver of its product
strength. The Group has formed a “dual-core” layout of “motive batteries & ESS” by
achieving synergy between lead-acid and lithium-ion (“Li-ion”) batteries in a traditional
way and accelerating the iteration of emerging technologies such as hydrogen fuel cells,
sodium-ion batteries, and solid-state batteries in the new domain. During the Reporting
Period, the Group launched cutting-edge products such as the first lead-acid battery for
electric motorcycles, the new generation of sodium-ion motive battery “Tianna (天鈉)
T2” and “Sodium Storage (鈉儲) No. 1” for ESS; successfully developed the first pure gel
storage battery for forklift trucks in China as well as high-energy-density and high-safety
solid-state batteries; lithium manganese iron phosphate batteries also passed the safety
test. We have realised the application in multiple scenarios and breakthroughs in key
technologies.

Tianneng aims at achieving sustainability for productivity. The Group is focused on the
battery industry, with over 90% of its battery products used in light electric vehicles
which have inherent low-carbon advantages in the transportation sector. The Group
has incorporated green and intelligent manufacturing into its development strategy,
which optimised production processes, and increased automation coverage and
production efficiency. Through the development and integration of a number of
digital management systems, the Group has also enhanced the digitalisation level for
its production management. Meanwhile, the Group is committed to establishing an
ecology across the entire battery industry chain, and has established four lead-acid
battery circular economy industrial parks and two Li-ion battery circular economy
industrial parks in China. The Group has achieved a recycling rate of each component
of waste lead-acid batteries of over 99% and a sulphate recovery rate for waste Li-ion
batteries of over 98.5%, as well as a lithium carbonate recovery rate of 90%.

The philosophy behind Tianneng’s brand promotion is to keep abreast of the times.
With over 3,000 distribution and after-sales service outlets, covering more than 400,000
terminal stores in China, the Group provides replacement and repair services to 400
million light electric vehicle users and is one of the most recognised battery brands in
the market. The Group has taken advantage of big data technology and the emerging
Internet market, by leveraging digitalisation to empower its marketing and assist its
partners to streamline their operations and management. During the Reporting Period,
the Group facilitated the promotion of its digital marketing model, upgraded the
Tianneng Innovation Cloud Business Model, and built tens of new online and offline
integrated service experience centres, which boosted the growth of customised product
sales and resulted in significant quality enhancement of the channels, further improving
its competitiveness.


TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                            05
     Interim Report 2024


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Internationalisation is the direction in which Tianneng is boldly moving forward. The
     Group is actively accelerating its pace with its innovative philosophy by marketing its
     tailored battery products and energy solutions to global markets in a rapid manner.
     Tianneng’s overseas business has spread to Southeast Asia, Europe, Africa and other
     countries and regions: the first overseas intelligent manufacturing base landed in
     Vietnam, which has become a strategic bridgehead for penetrating the Southeast Asian
     market; signed Tianneng brand cooperation agreements with tens of overseas partners;
     rolled out its terminal distribution and after-sales service network; and launched
     products in a number of internationally renowned exhibitions, which have earned
     recognition from clients around the world. Leveraging the technological innovation
     achievements in green energy products and the industry experience accumulated over
     the years, the Group has firm confidence in further expanding its international market
     presence.




06                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                       Interim Report 2024


                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INDUSTRY DEVELOPMENT AND OPERATION
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s manufacturing business contributed revenue
of approximately RMB21,211 million. The industry development and operating
conditions for each main business are as follows:

(1)    High-end eco-friendly batteries

       High-end eco-friendly batteries are a series of sealed maintenance-free lead-
       acid battery products created by the Group relying on its R&D and technology
       innovations, which include motive batteries, ESS batteries as well as starter and
       start-stop batteries for automobiles. During the Reporting Period, the high-end
       eco-friendly batteries business of the Group recorded an operating income of
       approximately RMB19,252 million.

      Motive lead-acid batteries

       The Group has always regarded lead-acid battery business as a strategic priority.
       While actively exploring and positioning itself in emerging business fields, the
       Group has also invested substantial resources to consolidate and strengthen its
       leading position in lead-acid battery business. During the Reporting Period, the
       Group’s motive lead-acid battery business has recorded an operating income of
       approximately RMB18,884 million.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                         07
     Interim Report 2024


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             Lead-acid batteries have a development history of over 160 years and are still
             the “heart” and energy carrier for transportation tools, which highly cater to
             the demand for the application scenario of light electric vehicles with their
             features. They are the mainstream motive batteries in the market. According
             to data from 2018 to 2023 from iResearch, the sales volume of two-wheeled
             electric vehicles in China increased from approximately 32.2 million units to
             approximately 55 million units, with a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of
             11.3%. Furthermore, according to data from the China Bicycle Association, the
             ownership of two-wheeled electric vehicles in China reached approximately 400
             million units in 2023. The new vehicle sales market and the huge existing market
             have led to the steady growth of the demand for motive lead-acid batteries
             annually.

             The Group has been deeply engaged in the field of motive lead-acid batteries
             for nearly 40 years and has been leading the industry to experience qualitative
             changes with revolutionary technologies. In 2011, Tianneng launched the
             industry’s first fully automated battery assembly production line; in 2015, it
             established China’s first fully automated continuous casting, rolling, stamping,
             and coating production line for battery plates; in 2022, the intelligent factory
             with the entire industrial chain was put into operation; in 2023, it released
             the industry’s first intelligent manufacturing platform for the entire life-cycle
             key technology. The Group currently has an annual production capacity of
             approximately 130GWh for lead-acid batteries. Through continuous exploration
             of a high-quality production model with technological innovation as its core,
             the Group has become an efficient production model in terms of digitalisation,
             intelligentisation and automation.

             In terms of the market, the Group has established an extensive distribution
             and after-sales service network, covering more than 400,000 terminal stores
             nationwide. Through close cooperation with more than 3,000 distributors, the
             Group has established an efficient information feedback mechanism to keep
             track of inventory and sales in the downstream market. The digital marketing
             model has greatly optimised the Group’s flexible manufacturing, enabling it to
             respond to changes in market demand in a rapid and accurate manner, adjust
             production plans, thereby significantly improving its operational efficiency.




08                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                      Interim Report 2024


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


      During the Reporting Period, the Group has built a diversified brand matrix in
      response to the growing demand for both traditional and emerging markets,
      and launched a number of new motive battery products to compete in
      different segments with differentiated products. Faced with the rapidly rising
      electric motorcycle market, the Group has launched its first lead-acid battery
      series specifically designed for electric motorcycles, which has expanded the
      application boundaries of lead-acid batteries in the motive field. At the same
      time, through the application of critical technologies such as micro-nano
      lead-carbon and multi-composite rare earth alloys, the Group has launched a
      number of motive and long-range lead-acid battery products applicable for
      three-wheeled electric vehicles and other scenarios. Leveraging its outstanding
      performance in the logistics equipment and industrial vehicles, the Group was
      awarded the “Most Popular Logistics Equipment Award” and the “Industrial
      Vehicle (Forklift) Supply Chain Excellence Award” at the China International
      Logistics Equipment & Technology Exhibition 2024 (LET-a CeMAT ASIA event).

      To seize the opportunities in the light electric vehicle market overseas, the
      Group has strived to push forward its internationalisation strategy and has
      expanded its overseas markets. The construction of the Group’s production base
      in Vietnam is progressing in an orderly manner. In April 2024, Dr. Zhang Tianren,
      the Chairman of the Board, was invited to attend the “China-Vietnam Trade and
      Investment Cooperation Promotion Forum”. With Vietnam as a starting point, the
      Group has gradually upgraded from “selling out” to “going out”, including new
      offices established in Southeast Asia, Europe, and the Americas; contracts with
      dozens of overseas partners; frequent appearances at international exhibitions
      such as the EV TREND KOREA in Seoul and the ESS Europe in Munich, Germany.
      As a green planet and a zero-carbon future requires higher-quality global
      cooperation, the Group will deeply integrate into the global market, achieving
      better development in the construction of a new win-win cooperation pattern.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                        09
     Interim Report 2024


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             Lead-carbon batteries for ESS

             Lead-carbon ESS batteries have become an essential player in electrochemical
             energy storage. They possess distinct advantages regarding safety, production
             and recycling processes, cycle life, and cost-effectiveness. Their application
             prospects are broad in the scenarios that requires the highest standards of safety,
             such as big data centres, new energy power stations and communication bases.
             During the Reporting Period, the lead-carbon ESS battery business of the Group
             recorded an operating income of approximately RMB160 million.

             The Group’s lead-carbon ESS business is primarily engaged in the provision of
             lead-carbon ESS cells. Leveraging its extensive experience in the lead-acid battery
             field, the Group has advantages in production, technology, products and cost in
             the lead-carbon sector. Currently, the Group’s lead-carbon ESS batteries are able
             to share the production line with lead-acid motive batteries, and the production
             plan can be adjusted according to market demand, resulting in excellent product
             performance.

             During the Reporting Period, the Group launched the OPzV-1000 valve-
             regulated gel lead-carbon battery, which effectively addresses specific issues
             such as “low energy efficiency, short life, and long charging time”, and exceeds
             the expectations for ESS stations’ requirements of “high energy efficiency, long-
             duration ESS, and maintenance-free”. This breakthrough has overcome the
             limitations of lead-carbon ESS technology for long-duration ESS. For downstream
             applications, the “Peaceful Co-storage” power station project located in
             Changxing County, Huzhou City, Zhejiang Province, contains approximately
             3 million lead-carbon batteries. Since its completion and commissioning in
             March 2023, it has fully demonstrated the superior performance of lead-carbon
             batteries in ESS applications.




10                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                         Interim Report 2024


                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


      Other high-end eco-friendly batteries

      Due to their excellent characteristics, lead-acid batteries are also widely applied
      in other fields, including the starter and start-stop system for automobiles. During
      the Reporting Period, other high-end eco-friendly battery business of the Group
      recorded an operating income of approximately RMB208 million.

      In terms of starter and start-stop batteries for automobiles, the Group has
      established close cooperation with well-known enterprises such as China
      National Heavy Duty Truck Group Co., Ltd., SAIC-GM-Wuling Automobile Co., Ltd.,
      and Naveco Automobile Co., Ltd., for mass supply; realised online and offline
      sales of its battery co-named with JD Auto (京東汽車) in various channels; jointly
      released a series of automobile batteries with Beijing Foton Daimler Automotive
      Co. Ltd. with satisfactory performance in all aspects such as starting, parking
      time, service life, and suspension, which are applicable for its mainstream truck
      models. All indicators are far ahead of the industry average.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                           11
     Interim Report 2024


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     (2)     New energy batteries
             The Group’s new energy batteries business focuses on the R&D, production and
             sales of Li-ion batteries, hydrogen fuel cells and sodium-ion batteries. During
             the Reporting Period, the Group’s new energy batteries business recorded an
             operating income of approximately RMB187 million.
             Li-ion batteries
             2024 is a crucial year for China’s implementation of the “14th Five-Year Plan”.
             New energy storage is becoming the “new driver” of economic development,
             accelerating the transition from commercialisation at the initial stage to large-
             scale development, which is in line with the goals in the New Energy Storage
             Development Implementation Plan in the “14th Five-Year Plan”. Leveraging
             its advantage of mastering various battery technology systems, the Group is
             pursuing simultaneous development of lead-carbon ESS, Li-ion ESS, hydrogen
             ESS, and sodium ESS batteries by providing customised intelligent ESS solutions
             for customers in different scenarios and needs.
             The Group’s current capacity of Li-ion battery ESS is 10GWh, covering various ESS
             application scenarios such as power generation, grid, industrial and commercial,
             telecommunications, and residential ESS. During the Reporting Period, the Group
             released a new generation of 5MWh intelligent liquid-cooled ESS. Its wide-
             temperature adaptability, safety, and recycling life are at the industry’s leading
             level, allowing the system to unleash greater value and providing stable and
             reliable power support for various application scenarios.
             In terms of the market, the Group has become a strategic cooperative supplier
             of Zhongxing Telecommunication Equipment Corporation (ZTE) and signed
             strategic cooperation framework agreements with several well-known
             domestic energy storage construction institutions. The Group has strengthened
             cooperation in various areas, such as the supply of ESS cells and system
             integration, independent ESS power stations, wind and solar power station
             projects, and telecommunications ESS construction, to jointly promote the
             implementation of ESS projects and accelerate the rapid development of the
             new energy storage industry.
             As a leading enterprise in the new energy industry, the Group shoulders the
             common mission of leading energy development and empowering a better
             life by exploring and co-developing intelligent ESS solutions and new business
             ecosystems, so as to facilitate the upgrade of the new energy industry and
             the harmonious coexistence with nature, and drive the economic and social
             transformation towards zero-carbon and sustainability.




12                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                     Interim Report 2024


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




      Hydrogen fuel cells

      In August 2023, the first “Guidelines for the Construction of Hydrogen Energy
      Industry Standard System (2023 Edition)” (《氫能產業標準體系建設指南(2023
      版)》) at the national level was jointly issued by six authorities, including the
      National Development and Reform Commission of the PRC clarified the key
      missions of domestic and international hydrogen energy standardization. The
      development of integrated hydrogen and electricity paves an important path
      for China to implement energy transformation and the dual-carbon strategy. The
      Group will build a future-oriented zero-carbon energy system to release more
      incredible “hydrogen energy.”

      Tianneng is committed to becoming the “chain leader” of the hydrogen energy
      industry chain in various regions and accelerating industrial development
      through resource integration. The Group has mastered the key technologies
      in system integration, system control, fuel cell stack design, and membrane
      electrode assembly production. Specifically, the system integration technology
      with a wide power range features a flexible and modular design. The system
      control technology realised advanced management through closed-loop control
      and intelligent sensing technologies. The fuel cell stack design technology
      focuses on flow field design and key performance, ensuring reliable and durable
      stacks. The membrane electrode assembly production technology combines
      advanced production techniques and high-performance catalysts, with a
      theoretical life of up to 20,000 hours.



TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                       13
     Interim Report 2024


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             When promoting the integration of hydrogen and electricity, the Group has
             accelerated the consolidation of comprehensive hydrogen energy solutions,
             currently covering various applications such as buses and loaders. The Group has
             collaborated with Geely Sichuan Commercial Vehicle Co., Ltd. (吉利四川商用車
             有限公司) and Xiamen King Long United Automotive Industry Co., Ltd. to deliver
             hydrogen-powered buses in provinces such as Zhejiang and Jiangsu, making
             a positive contribution to local zero-carbon transportation and urban carbon
             reduction. The Group’s “80kW Hydrogen Fuel Cell System” equipped on China’s
             first batch of hydrogen-powered loaders has demonstrated stable performance
             in the face of complex transportation and changing environments. Owing to
             its breakthrough achievements in the loader field, the Group was awarded the
             “Annual Best Innovation Project Award for Achieving Dual-Carbon Goals” at the
             China Energy Development and Innovation Forum.




14                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                       Interim Report 2024


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


      Sodium-ion batteries

      Sodium-ion batteries with significant advantages in terms of material acquisition,
      production cost, and safety performance are one of the Company’s important
      strategic directions for sustainable development and innovation. The Group has
      established a professional R&D and operation team focusing on the layout and
      development of the sodium-ion battery business, so as to continuously improve
      the performance and reliability of sodium-ion battery products.

      In the motive batteries for the light electric vehicle market, sodium-ion battery
      and Li-ion battery technologies are complementary and are expected to
      penetrate a portion of the high-end vehicle market. During the Reporting Period,
      the Group launched the “Tianna (天鈉) T2” motive battery for two-wheeled
      electric vehicles, which uses a layered oxide technology route and has better
      overall performance, with advantages such as higher energy density, higher rate
      performance, easier technology transfer, and higher development potential.

      In terms of ESS, the Group’s iron-based polyanionic phosphate sodium-ion
      batteries are a powerful guarantee for the future large-scale development of ESS.
      “Sodium Storage (鈉儲) No. 1”, the Group’s first NFPP polyanion system sodium-
      ion battery cell, has a stable structure, outstanding low-temperature discharge
      performance, and is not susceptible to over-discharge and easy to transport,
      and has low maintenance, providing a wider choice of ESS scenarios for power
      generation, grid, industrial and commercial, residential and mobile.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                         15
     Interim Report 2024


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     (3)     Recycling industry

             The Group focuses on the battery industry and is committed to building a
             battery recycling industry chain integrating production, recycling, smelting and
             reproduction. Two recycling economy ecosystems of lead-acid batteries and Li-
             ion batteries have been deployed so as to implement the extended producer
             responsibility system. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s recycling industry
             recorded an external operating income of approximately RMB1,554 million.

             Recycling lead-acid batteries

             As one of the world’s largest lead-acid battery manufacturers and lead recycling
             companies, the Group is the first to implement full life cycle management of
             batteries in the industry. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s lead-acid
             battery recycling business recorded an operating income of approximately
             RMB1,286 million.

             According to the report published by Technavio, the global lead-acid battery
             recycling market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 8.3% from 2023 to 2028, with
             the market size projected to increase by US$3.41 billion. The Group currently has
             an annual disposal capacity of 1 million tons of waste lead-acid batteries, and is
             continuously enhancing its recycling and disposal capabilities to form a stable
             and sustainable supply chain, successfully increasing the utilisation rate of its
             production capacity. In terms of recycling, the Group has further expanded the
             coverage of its recycling channels and improved the transparency and efficiency
             of the recycling process through a digital management system. By cooperating
             with various upstream and downstream enterprises, the Group has formed a
             well-structured industrial chain circular economy model, promoting the reuse of
             resources in an effective manner and achieving a win-win situation in terms of
             environmental and economic benefits.

             In terms of disposal, the Group has strengthened its technological innovation
             in recycling. On the production side, the Group has developed technologies
             such as high-performance lead-based alloys, pre-treatment for ammonia-
             nitrogen wastewater, and film carbonisation, which have significantly improved
             the purity of products and recycling efficiency. On the quality side, the Group
             has established a top-down quality control system and strengthened quality




16                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                      Interim Report 2024


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


      supervision, with its recycled products, which gained recognition in the market.
      On the operation side, the Group has strengthened the collection and analysis
      of big data on production and operation, improving its operational efficiency
      and market judgment. During the Reporting Period, the price of waste lead-
      acid batteries experienced a decline before rising, showing a fluctuating upward
      trend. As market competition intensifies, technological quality is of paramount
      importance to the enhancement of core competitiveness.

      During the Reporting Period, the Group’s waste lead-acid battery recycling
      project in a circular economy industrial park in Changxing County, Huzhou City,
      Zhejiang Province, became the first “National Circular Economy Standardisation
      Demonstration Project” in Zhejiang Province. This project, through the
      transformation of a typical model into a national standard, has provided
      guidance for industrial development. In June 2024, the Economy and Information
      Technology Department of Zhejiang Province issued a “Notice on Publishing
      the List of Upstream and Downstream Joint Ventures across the Industrial Chain
      in Zhejiang Province”, in which a joint venture in respect of the motive resource
      recycling led by Zhejiang Tianneng Power Supply Material Co., Ltd. (浙江天能電
      源材料有限公司), a subsidiary of the Group, was selected.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                        17
     Interim Report 2024


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             Recycling Li-ion batteries

             The Group’s Li-ion battery recycling business is mainly for the recycling and
             disposal of new energy vehicle batteries, consumer batteries and ESS batteries.
             The main outputs are cobalt sulfate, nickel sulfate, manganese sulfate and lithium
             carbonate. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s Li-ion battery recycling
             business recorded an operating income of approximately RMB268 million.

             According to the statistics from a research institute, EVTank, the actual recycling
             amount of used Li-ion batteries in 2023 was around 623,000 tons. The Group has
             developed the capacity to process and recycle 10,000 tons of waste NCM Li-ion
             batteries annually. During the Reporting Period, the construction of new capacity
             at the base in Binhai County, Jiangsu Province has been progressing steadily, with
             an annual disposal capacity of 60,000 tons expected to be commissioned within
             the year. Meanwhile, the Group has also built an annual disposal capacity of 3,000
             tons for waste lithium iron phosphate batteries at the base in Binhai County,
             which can produce battery-grade lithium carbonate and iron phosphate. The
             experimental results of the hydrometallurgy method for lithium iron phosphate
             have demonstrated reliable recovery rates and stability.

             The Group took advantages of the dual white lists for “echelon utilisation,
             recycling utilisation” of used motive batteries published by the Ministry of
             Industry and Information Technology (MIIT ) of China to actively integrate
             upstream and downstream resources. The Group facilitated the development
             layout of “urban mines” by forming a three-dimensional Li-ion battery recycling
             network which is covered across China, and building an industrial model of
             battery manufacturing, sales, recycling, and reuse. Through in-depth network
             channels in various districts and counties, large-scale systematic operations,
             and top-down targeted strategic promotion, it has strengthened cooperation
             with vehicle-to-everything (V2X) platforms, vehicle manufacturers, and vehicle
             dismantling plants, to freeze the residual life of batteries in advance, and to
             consolidate the upstream channels of battery recycling.




18                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                            Interim Report 2024


                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


       Furthermore, the Group has extensive experience in Li-ion battery recycling
       and has made technological improvements across multiple processing stages
       at its base in Binhai County, including intelligent sorting technology for safe
       disassembly without discharge, directional pyrolysis for disassembled materials,
       co-processing technology for NCM & LFP, as well as cryogenic lithium extraction
       technology. These technologies have reduced costs and increased efficiency in
       an effective manner, enabling the Group to achieve industry-leading recovery
       rates for various metal materials, while also minimising waste pollution and
       enhancing product value.

       During the Reporting Period, Tianneng New Materials Co., Ltd., which is
       principally engaged in Li-ion battery recycling and a subsidiary of the Group, was
       selected as a national-level “Green Factory” in accordance with the 2023 Green
       Manufacturing List published by MIIT. As the scale of the Li-ion battery recycling
       market continued to grow with rising demand for Li-ion battery recycling and
       environmental awareness around the globe, the Group has closely followed
       market trends and expanded its recycling business in its best effort to further
       enhance its competitiveness in the Li-ion battery recycling market through
       measures such as building capacity, recycling channel, technological innovation
       and product enhancement.

OUTLOOK
The year 2024 presents a landscape brimming with opportunities and challenges. The
Group will adhere to the development directions of “focusing on high-quality growth
and cultivating sustainability”, to accelerate the creation of Tianneng’s new productive
force. Driven by technological innovation, with a focus on structural adjustments, the
Group will prioritise the transformation and upgrade of the new energy industry and
channel its full efforts into nurturing the two core industrial ecosystems, namely motive
batteries and ESS. Meanwhile, capitalising on the advantages of the circular economy,
which will leverage the full life cycle of our battery business to enhance overall efficiency.

The Group has always been driven by the mission in response to global environmental
challenges. Looking ahead, optimisation of the green industrial system with a closed-
loop full life cycle for “lead-acid” and “lithium” remains a key development goal of the
Group. Leveraging its technological strengths, the Group will fully harness the driving
force arising from technological innovation to provide more clean energy system
solutions in response to the “Dual Carbon” strategy, making greater contributions to the
construction of an ecological civilisation in China.



TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                              19
     Interim Report 2024


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The international market is set to become the new stage for the Group’s future
     development. Following the establishment of local offices, the expansion of overseas
     sales channels, and the construction of factories in Vietnam, the Group will continue to
     explore overseas markets and support China’s “Belt and Road” initiative in a proactive
     manner, by marching into Southeast Asian market as a start and collaborating with more
     like-minded partners to enhance its influence in the overseas markets and seize the
     initiative in the competitive global market.

     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Turnover
     The Group’s turnover for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB49,915 million,
     representing an increase of approximately 20.36% as compared with the same period
     last year. Of which, turnover from the manufacturing industry was RMB21,211 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately 1.99% as compared with the same period
     last year, turnover from trading was RMB28,704 million, representing an increase of
     approximately 44.75% as compared with the same period last year.
     Gross profit
     The gross profit for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB2,546 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately 16.08% as compared with the same period last
     year. Of which, the gross profit margin of the manufacturing industry was approximately
     12.12%, representing a decrease of approximately 2.01 percentage points as compared
     with the same period last year. It was mainly attributable to the increase in costs of main
     products as compared with the same period last year.
     Other income
     The Group’s other income for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB1,242 million
     (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: approximately RMB785 million), representing
     an increase of approximately 58.29% as compared with the same period last year. It was
     mainly attributable to the increase in government subsidies and interest income.
     Distribution and selling expenses
     Distribution and selling costs decreased to approximately RMB643 million for the
     Reporting Period from approximately RMB674 million in the same period last year, which
     was mainly attributable to the decrease in salaries, travelling fees and entertainment
     fees.
     Administrative expenses
     Administrative expenses decreased to approximately RMB651 million for the Reporting
     Period from approximately RMB696 million in the same period last year, which was
     mainly attributable to the decrease in salaries of our employees.



20                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                         Interim Report 2024


                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Research and development costs
R&D costs increased to approximately RMB942 million for the Reporting Period
from approximately RMB829 million in the same period last year, which was mainly
attributable to the increase in the number of R&D projects and optimisation of the R&D
team.
Finance costs
Finance costs increased to approximately RMB282 million for the Reporting Period from
approximately RMB238 million in the same period last year, which was mainly due to the
increase in loan size.
Operating activities cash flow
The net cash flow generated from operating activities of the Group changed to net
cash outflow of approximately RMB162 million for the Reporting Period from net cash
inflow of RMB1,531 million in the same period last year. It was mainly attributable to the
increase in the inventory scale.
As at 30 June 2024, the equity attributable to the owners of the Company amounted
to approximately RMB15,990 million (31 December 2023: approximately RMB15,860
million). The Group’s capital structure is equity attributable to owners of the Company,
comprising issued share capital, reserves and accumulated profits.
As at 30 June 2024, the Group had total assets of approximately RMB54,288 million,
which increased by approximately 16.12% as compared with approximately RMB46,751
million as at 31 December 2023, including total current assets of approximately
RMB33,860 million and total non-current assets of approximately RMB20,429 million,
which increased by approximately 15.40% and 17.33% as compared with the amount as
at 31 December 2023, respectively. The increase in the current assets was mainly due to
the increase in inventory, account receivable and bank deposits. The increase in the non-
current assets was mainly due to the increase in deposits for the acquisition of property,
plant and equipment and restricted bank deposits.
As at 30 June 2024, the total liabilities of the Group were approximately RMB35,544
million, which increased by approximately 25.57% as compared with approximately
RMB28,306 million as at 31 December 2023, including total current liabilities of
approximately RMB28,299 million and total non-current liabilities of approximately
RMB7,244 million, which increased by approximately 21.53% and increased by
approximately 44.30% as compared with the amount as at 31 December 2023,
respectively. The increase in the current liabilities was mainly due to the increase in
contract liabilities and short-term loans held by the Group. The increase in the non-
current liabilities was mainly due to the increase in long-term borrowings.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                           21
     Interim Report 2024


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     As at 30 June 2024, the cash and bank balances of the Group (including pledged bank
     deposits and bank deposits) were approximately RMB19,493 million (31 December
     2023: approximately RMB15,435 million), of which approximately RMB95 million and
     approximately RMB131 million are denominated in US dollars and Hong Kong dollars,
     respectively. As at 30 June 2024, the interest bearing borrowings and loan notes
     (together, “interest bearing loans”) of the Group with maturity of within one year
     amounted to approximately RMB9,334 million (31 December 2023: approximately
     RMB6,248 million). The interest bearing loans with maturity of more than one year
     amounted to approximately RMB4,998 million (31 December 2023: approximately
     RMB2,833 million). The interest bearing loans of approximately RMB14,279 million were
     denominated in RMB. The loans denominated in RMB had fixed interest rates ranging
     from approximately 2.28% to 5.50% (2023: approximately 2.50% to 5.85%) per annum. In
     conclusion, the borrowings of the Group as at 30 June 2024 remained at a healthy and
     controllable level. With unutilised credit facilities of approximately RMB20,346 million, the
     Group will take a cautious stance and maximise the interests of the shareholders and the
     Company will strike a balance between borrowings and funding utilisation. Moreover,
     with continuously improving the fund structure as its financial objective in the long run,
     the Group will optimise its loan structure with further use of long term loans.

     Pledge of assets
     As at 30 June 2024, the bank facilities and bank borrowings of the Group were secured
     by its bank deposits, bills receivables, property, plant and equipment, and land use
     rights. The aggregate net book value of the assets pledged amounted to approximately
     RMB10,971 million (31 December 2023: approximately RMB7,932 million).

     Gearing ratio
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio, defined as the percentage of the sum of
     current and non-current portions of interest bearing loans against the total assets, was
     approximately 26.40% (31 December 2023: approximately 19.42%).

     Exposure to exchange rate fluctuations
     As the Group’s operations were mainly conducted in China and the majority of its
     businesses were transacted in RMB, the Board is of the view that the Company’s
     operating cash flow and liquidity are not subject to significant foreign exchange rate risk.

     Contingent liabilities
     The Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2024
     (31 December 2023: Nil).




22                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2024


                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Capital commitments
The amount contracted for but not stated in the condensed consolidated financial
statements in respect of the acquisition of property, plant and equipment as at 30 June
2024 was approximately RMB2,163 million (31 December 2023: approximately RMB2,753
million).

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As at 30 June 2024, the Group employed a total of 21,929 employees (30 June 2023:
27,253). Staff cost of the Group for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB1,601
million (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: approximately RMB1,692 million). The
cost included basic salaries and staff benefits such as discretionary bonus, medical and
insurance plans, pension scheme, unemployment insurance plan, etc. Competitive
remuneration packages were offered to employees by the Group. The Company has
adopted incentive programs to encourage employees’ performance and a range of
training programs for the development of its staff.

INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the Reporting
Period (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: Nil).

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD
There were no significant investments held by the Group as at 30 June 2024.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          23
     Interim Report 2024


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss mainly
     included unlisted financial products purchased from commercial banks. The following
     table summarises the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as at 30
     June 2024:

                                                                                                                                           Percentage
                                                                                                                                               of total
                                                                                       Investment          Fair value     Interest/       assets of the
                                      Product                   Principal            cost/nominal                as at    dividend      Company as at
     Issuer                           category                  activities                   value     30 June 2024       received       30 June 2024
                                                                                              (’000)             (’000)        (’000)

     Bank of Jiangsu                  Structured deposit        Banking services        100,000.00         100,000.00                            0.18%
     Luso International               Structured deposit        Banking services        200,000.00         200,000.00                            0.37%
     Galaxy Securities                Structured deposit        Banking services         50,000.00          50,000.00                            0.09%
     Listed company                   Equity securities                                  45,461.54          43,634.36        820.89              0.08%
                                          listed in China
     Listed company                   Equity securities                                   46,923.88         39,926.74                            0.07%
                                          listed in Hong Kong
     Changxing Meishan Fumei          Equity investments        Equity investments         6,000.00          6,000.00                            0.01%
        Equity Investment
        Partnership (Limited
        Partnership)*
     Nanhua Futures Co., Ltd.         Futures contract          Futures and                                  4,138.32                            0.01%
                                                                    derivatives
                                                                    transactions
     Minmetals Futures Co., Limited   Futures contract          Futures and                                 26,721.82                            0.05%
                                                                    derivatives
                                                                    transactions
     CITICS Futures Co., Ltd.         Futures contract          Futures and                                     54.00                          0.0001%
                                                                    derivatives
                                                                    transactions
     Guotai Junan Futures Co., Ltd    Futures contract          Futures and                                    412.35                          0.0008%
                                                                    derivatives
                                                                    transactions
     CCB Futures Co. Ltd.             Futures contract          Futures and                                    205.69                          0.0004%
                                                                    derivatives
                                                                    transactions
     Jinrui Futures Shareholding      Futures contract          Futures and                                  (2,032.37)                       (0.0037%)
          Company                                                   derivatives
                                                                    transactions

     * For identification purpose only


24                                                                                         TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                         Interim Report 2024


                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL
The Group has no material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
For details, please refer to note 20 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

IMPORTANT EVENT SINCE THE END OF THE FINANCIAL PERIOD
Since the end of the Reporting Period, no important events occurred which affected the
Group.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                           25
     Interim Report 2024


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     The Company is committed to ensuring high standards of corporate governance. The
     Board believes that good corporate governance practices are increasingly important
     for maintaining and promoting investors’ confidence. The Company has adopted and
     complied with the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as
     contained in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
     the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) during the Reporting Period, except for the code
     provision C.2.1 of the CG Code. Dr. Zhang Tianren is both the chairman (“Chairman”)
     and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the Company who is responsible for managing
     the Group’s business. The Board considers that vesting the roles of Chairman and CEO
     in the same person facilitates the execution of the Company’s business strategies and
     maximizes the effectiveness of its operation. With the present Board structure and scope
     of business, the Board considers that there is no imminent need to separate the roles
     into two individuals. However, the Board will continue to review the effectiveness of the
     Group’s corporate governance structure to assess whether the separation of the position
     of the Chairman and CEO is necessary.

     The primary duties of the Company’s audit committee (inter alia) are to review the
     financial reporting system, the risk management and internal control systems of the
     Group, and to make proposals to the Board as to appointment, renewal and resignation
     of the Company’s independent external auditors and the related remuneration and
     appointment terms. The Company’s audit committee has reviewed this interim report
     with the management of the Company and the Company’s independent external
     auditors and recommended its adoption by the Board.

     The interim financial information of the Company in this report has not been audited.
     However, it has been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34
     “Interim Financial Reporting” and has been reviewed by the Company’s independent
     external auditors, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, in accordance with the Hong Kong
     Standard on Review Engagement 2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information
     Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”.

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
     Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Having
     made specific enquiry of all Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have complied
     with the required standard for securities transactions set out in the Model Code
     throughout the Reporting Period.

     Other than the above disclosures, the Company has also complied with Rules 3.10(1),
     3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules and appointed three independent non-executive
     Directors including one with financial management expertise.



26                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2024


REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




To the Board of Directors of
Tianneng Power International Limited

INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Tianneng Power
International Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as
the “Group”) set out on pages 29 to 68, which comprise the condensed consolidated
statement of financial position as of 30 June 2024 and the related condensed
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, statement
of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended,
and certain explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim
financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong
Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are
responsible for the preparation and presentation of these condensed consolidated
financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a
conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review,
and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed
terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review
Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the
Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of
making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters,
and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in
scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware
of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not
express an audit opinion.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          27
     Interim Report 2024


     REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     CONCLUSION

     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe
     that the condensed consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material
     respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     28 August 2024




28                                                  TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                               Interim Report 2024


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended 30 June 2024

                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                      2024              2023
                                        Notes      RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                (unaudited)       (unaudited)

Revenue                                  3       49,914,629        41,471,150
Cost of sales                                   (47,368,947)      (38,437,580)

Gross profit                                     2,545,682           3,033,570
Other income                             5       1,241,994             784,622
Other gains and losses                   6         134,110             (34,210)
Impairment losses recognised under
  expected credit loss model,
  net of reversal                        15        (35,850)            (64,250)
Distribution and selling expenses                 (643,409)           (673,958)
Administrative expenses                           (650,672)           (695,966)
Research and development costs                    (942,157)           (829,342)
Share of results of associates                        (620)               (523)
Finance costs                                     (282,162)           (237,676)

Profit before tax                                1,366,916           1,282,267
Income tax expense                       7        (301,309)           (274,293)

Profit for the period                    8       1,065,607           1,007,974




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                 29
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
     AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024

                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2024               2023
                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                    (unaudited)        (unaudited)

     Other comprehensive expense:

     Item that will not be reclassified to
        profit or loss:
     Fair value loss on investments in equity
        instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income
        (“FVTOCI”)                                       (25,224)            (2,665)

     Other comprehensive expense for the
       period, net of income tax                         (25,224)            (2,665)

     Total comprehensive income for the
       period                                         1,040,383          1,005,309

     Profit for the period attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                            928,222            918,209
       Non-controlling interests                        137,385             89,765

                                                      1,065,607          1,007,974




30                                              TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                             Interim Report 2024


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2024

                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                     2024             2023
                                        Note      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                               (unaudited)      (unaudited)

Total comprehensive income for the
  period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                           902,998           915,544
  Non-controlling interests                       137,385            89,765

                                                 1,040,383         1,005,309

Earnings per share                       10
  – Basic (RMB cents)                               82.43              81.54

  – Diluted (RMB cents)                             81.24              79.86




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                               31
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
     POSITION
     At 30 June 2024

                                                             30/06/2024         31/12/2023
                                                Notes          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)           (audited)

     Non-current Assets
      Property, plant and equipment              11          13,382,318         13,054,093
      Right-of-use assets                        11           1,333,362          1,350,614
      Goodwill                                                      499                499
      Interests in associates                                   318,282            318,609
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI                              329,626            355,651
      Deferred tax assets                        12             811,656            916,290
      Deposits for acquisition of property,
        plant and equipment                                     668,194            380,435
      Loan receivables                                          218,794            297,486
      Pledged/restricted bank deposits                        3,365,920            737,320

                                                             20,428,651         17,410,997

     Current Assets
       Inventories                                            8,763,092          6,807,515
       Properties under development for sale                    990,281            883,491
       Bills, trade and other receivables        13           5,896,267          5,031,601
       Loan receivables                                         764,941          1,085,648
       Amounts due from related parties          24               4,535             36,966
       Debt instruments at FVTOCI                14             844,638            476,093
       Financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss (“FVTPL”)               16             469,061            320,828
       Pledged/restricted bank deposits                       6,331,518          5,242,219
       Cash and cash equivalents                              9,795,438          9,455,594

                                                             33,859,771         29,339,955




32                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                              Interim Report 2024


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
POSITION (CONTINUED)
At 30 June 2024

                                                 30/06/2024      31/12/2023
                                        Notes      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                (unaudited)        (audited)

Current liabilities
  Bills, trade and other payables        17     14,871,068        12,997,639
  Amounts due to related parties         24        157,467           239,461
  Taxation liabilities                             301,453           455,722
  Borrowings – current portion           18      9,329,304         6,240,750
  Lease liabilities                                  4,510             7,215
  Provisions                                       605,348           631,508
  Contract liabilities                           3,030,044         2,713,775

                                                28,299,194        23,286,070

Net Current Assets                               5,560,577          6,053,885

Total Assets less Current Liabilities           25,989,228        23,464,882

Non-current liabilities
 Deferred tax liabilities                12         77,642             90,031
 Borrowings – non-current portion        18      4,993,147          2,826,775
 Lease liabilities                                   5,018              6,315
 Deferred government grants                      1,125,844          1,093,547
 Redemption liabilities on ordinary
   shares of a subsidiary                        1,042,743          1,003,591

                                                 7,244,394          5,020,259

                                                18,744,834        18,444,623




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                33
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
     POSITION (CONTINUED)
     AT 30 JUNE 2024

                                                          30/06/2024         31/12/2023
                                              Note          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                         (unaudited)           (audited)

     Capital and reserves
       Share capital                           19            109,850            109,850
       Share premium and reserves                         15,880,203         15,750,030

       Equity attributable to owners of the
         Company                                          15,990,053         15,859,880
       Non-controlling interests                           2,754,781          2,584,743

     Total Equity                                         18,744,834         18,444,623




34                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                                                Interim Report 2024


                                                                                                           INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY
For the six months ended 30 June 2024
                                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                              Share        Investment             Statutory   Discretionary
                                                           Share       Share    Special     Capital          options       revaluation              surplus         surplus    Retained                     Non-controlling
                                                          capital   premium     reserve    reserve           reserve           reserve         reserve fund    reserve fund      profits       Subtotal         interests          Total
                                                          RMB’000   RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


At 1 January 2024 (audited)                               109,850   778,567     10,000    3,658,601           33,395          (176,745)          1,521,149         143,212     9,781,851     15,859,880        2,584,743      18,444,623
Profit for the period                                           –         –          –            –                –                 –                   –               –       928,222        928,222          137,385       1,065,607
Other comprehensive expense for the period                      –         –          –            –                –           (25,224)                  –               –             –        (25,224)               –         (25,224)

Total comprehensive (expense) income for the period             –          –         –            –                 –          (25,224)                  –               –      928,222        902,998           137,385       1,040,383

Dividend recognised as distribution (note 9)                    –          –         –            –                 –                 –                  –               –      (440,832)      (440,832)               –        (440,832)
Dividend paid/payable to non-controlling interest               –          –         –            –                 –                 –                  –               –             –              –          (90,328)        (90,328)
Acquisition of non-controlling interest in a subsidiary
  (note)                                                        –         –          –     (331,993)               –                  –                  –               –            –        (331,993)         121,993        (210,000)
Repurchase of shares of a subsidiary                            –         –          –            –                –                  –                  –               –            –               –           (1,119)         (1,119)
Lapse of share options (note 20)                                –         –          –            –          (33,395)                 –                  –               –       33,395               –                –               –
Recognition of equity-settled share based payment
  (note 20)                                                    –          –          –            –                 –                 –                  –               –              –              –            2,107          2,107

At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                               109,850   778,567     10,000    3,326,608                 –         (201,969)          1,521,149         143,212    10,302,636     15,990,053        2,754,781      18,744,834

At 1 January 2023 (audited)                               109,850    778,567     10,000    3,658,601           34,243          (170,678)          1,386,221         143,212     8,494,100     14,444,116         2,722,058     17,166,174
Profit for the period                                           –          –          –            –                –                 –                   –               –       918,209        918,209            89,765      1,007,974
Other comprehensive expense for the period                      –          –          –            –                –            (2,665)                  –               –             –         (2,665)                –         (2,665)

Total comprehensive (expense) income for the period             –          –         –            –                 –            (2,665)                 –               –       918,209        915,544            89,765       1,005,309

Capital contribution from non-controlling interests             –          –         –            –                 –                 –                  –               –              –              –            1,545           1,545
Dividend recognised as distribution (note 9)                    –          –         –            –                 –                 –                  –               –       (400,005)      (400,005)               –        (400,005)
Dividend paid/payable to non-controlling interest               –          –         –            –                 –                 –                  –               –              –              –         (137,791)       (137,791)
Forfeiture of equity-settled share-based payment
  (note 20)                                                     –          –         –            –              (354)                –                  –               –           354               –                –               –
Recognition of equity-settled share based payment
  (note 20)                                                     –         –          –            –                 –                 –                  –               –              –              –            4,638           4,638

At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                               109,850    778,567     10,000    3,658,601           33,889          (173,343)          1,386,221         143,212     9,012,658     14,959,655         2,680,215     17,639,870


Note:                     On 25 January 2024, a Share Transfer Agreement was entered into by Saft Groupe SAS, Tianneng Battery
                          Group Co., Ltd. 天能電池集團股份有限公司 (“Tianneng Share”, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of
                          the Company), Zhejiang Changxing Tianneng Power Co., Ltd. 浙江長興天能電源有限公司 (an indirect non-
                          wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) and Zhejiang Tianneng Energy Storage Technology Development
                          Co., Ltd. 浙江天能儲能科技發展有限公司 (formerly known as Tianneng SAFT Energy Co., Ltd. 天能帥
                          福得能源股份有限公司, “Tianneng SAFT”, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company).
                          Pursuant to the Share Transfer Agreement, Tianneng Share agreed to acquire 40% equity interest in Tianneng
                          SAFT from Saft Groupe SAS with a cash consideration of RMB210,000,000. The Group’s interest in Tianneng
                          SAFT increased from 60% to 100% accordingly upon the completion of the transaction. The increase of the
                          Group’s equity interests in Tianneng SAFT from 60% to 100% do not result in change of the Group’s control
                          over Tianneng SAFT and is accordingly accounted for as an equity transaction. The surplus of approximately
                          RMB331,993,000, representing the difference between the consideration of RMB210,000,000 and the amount
                          of deficit of non-controlling interests of approximately RMB121,993,000, is debited to the capital reserve.



TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                                                                                                                                                         35
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                              2024               2023
                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                         (unaudited)        (unaudited)

     Net cash (used in) from operating activities          (161,605)         1,530,622

     Investing activities
       Interest received                                    296,844            275,402
       Acquisition of investments in associates                (293)           (42,592)
       Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
         equipment                                           23,775              4,259
       Purchase of property, plant and equipment         (1,077,411)          (915,151)
       Deposits paid for the acquisition of property,
         plant and equipment                               (325,908)         (1,033,637)
       Repayment of deposit received for disposal of
         a subsidiary                                        (67,056)                –
       Payments for leasehold lands                                –          (144,785)
       Purchase of unlisted equity instruments at
         FVTPL                                               (3,000)             (3,000)
       Purchase of listed equity instruments at FVTPL        (1,112)               (976)
       Placement of structured bank deposits             (2,280,000)         (2,105,686)
       Withdrawal of structured bank deposits             2,158,301           1,992,548
       Placement of pledged/restricted bank deposits     (8,960,118)         (4,034,044)
       Withdrawal of pledged/restricted bank
         deposits                                         5,242,219          3,720,595
       Placement of time deposits                                 –            (80,100)
       Asset-related government grants received              66,083            118,940
       Cash inflow from derivative financial
         instruments                                        149,559             33,329
       Payment to independent third parties for loan
         receivables                                       (248,351)          (547,531)
       Receipt of repayment for loan receivables            614,781            421,646

     Net cash used in investing activities               (4,411,687)         (2,340,783)


36                                                  TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                Interim Report 2024


                                          INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
(CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                       2024              2023
                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                  (unaudited)       (unaudited)

Financing activities
  New borrowings raised                           10,289,325          8,986,491
  Repayments of borrowings                        (5,070,382)        (3,898,063)
  Dividends paid                                           –           (121,028)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests        (90,328)          (137,791)
  Capital contribution from a non-controlling
    shareholder                                            –               1,545
  Repayment of lease liabilities                      (4,360)             (8,528)
  Repurchase of shares of a subsidiary                (1,119)                  –
  Acquisition of non-controlling interest in a
    subsidiary                                      (210,000)                  –

Net cash from financing activities                 4,913,136          4,822,626

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents           339,844           4,012,465
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
  the period                                       9,455,594          7,545,808

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of
  the period, represented by cash and cash
  equivalents                                      9,795,438        11,558,273




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                  37
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024

     1.      BASIS OF PREPARATION
             Tianneng Power International Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated and
             registered as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands
             under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands on 16 November 2004 and
             its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong
             Kong Stock Exchange”) with effect from 11 June 2007. The Company and its
             subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the “Group”.

             The Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in
             Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency of the Company.

             The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
             accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial
             Reporting ” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
             (“HKICPA”) as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules
             Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




38                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2024


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


2.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the
      historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments, which are measured
      at fair values.

      Other than additional/change in accounting policies resulting from application
      of amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”),
      the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed
      consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 are the
      same as those presented in the Group’s annual financial statements for the year
      ended 31 December 2023.

      Application of amendments to HKFRSs
      In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments
      to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective
      for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of
      the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:

      Amendments to HKFRS 16                    Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
      Amendments to HKAS 1                      Classification of Liabilities as Current
                                                  or Non-current and related
                                                  amendments to Hong Kong
                                                  Interpretation 5 (2020)
      Amendments to HKAS 1                      Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
      Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7          Supplier Finance Arrangements

      The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current interim period
      has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance
      for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out in these
      condensed consolidated financial statements.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          39
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     3.      REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
             Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                               2024               2023
                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                         (unaudited)        (unaudited)

             An analysis of revenue is as follows:

             Manufacturing business
               Lead-acid battery products                 19,252,492         19,305,930
               Renewable resources product                 1,554,325          1,722,795
               Lithium-ion battery products                  182,549            368,962
               Others                                        221,601            243,736
             Trading                                      28,703,662         19,829,727

                                                          49,914,629         41,471,150

             Geographical markets
              Mainland China                              49,785,894         41,367,805
              Others                                         128,735            103,345

                                                          49,914,629         41,471,150

             Timing of revenue recognition
               A point in time                            49,858,818         41,447,608
               Over time                                      55,811             23,542

                                                          49,914,629         41,471,150




40                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                      Interim Report 2024


                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


4.    SEGMENT INFORMATION
      The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and
      reportable segments for the period:

                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2024                 2023
                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                    (unaudited)          (unaudited)

      Segment revenue
      Manufacturing business
        – external sales                            21,210,967            21,641,423
        – inter-segment sales                               21                    96
      Trading
        – external sales                            28,703,662            19,829,727
        – inter-segment sales                        3,642,188               471,584

      Segment revenue                               53,556,838            41,942,830
      Eliminations                                  (3,642,209)             (471,680)

      Group revenue                                 49,914,629            41,471,150

      Segment result
      Manufacturing business                          1,115,429             1,034,376
      Trading                                           (37,282)              (28,862)

                                                      1,078,147             1,005,514

      Unallocated
      Other gains and losses                              (6,506)                6,087
      Share of results of associates                        (620)                 (523)
      Corporate administrative expenses                   (3,259)               (3,020)
      Financial costs                                     (2,155)                  (84)

      Profit for the period                           1,065,607             1,007,974




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                        41
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     5.      OTHER INCOME
                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2024                    2023
                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)             (unaudited)

             Government grants
               – grants related to income (note i)                     850,730                 426,127
               – grants related to assets (note ii)                     33,786                  45,730
             Interest income                                           296,844                 275,402
             Income from sales of scrap materials                       59,989                  37,363
             Others                                                        645                       –

                                                                     1,241,994                 784,622

             Notes:

             i.       The government grants related to income mainly represent unconditional
                      government subsidies received from relevant government bodies to encourage
                      the operations of certain subsidiaries. The government grants are accounted for as
                      immediate financial support with no future related costs expected to be incurred
                      and are not related to any assets.

             ii.      The government grants related to assets mainly represent government subsidies
                      obtained in relation to the acquisition of land use right or equipment of certain
                      subsidiaries of the Group, which were included in the condensed consolidated
                      statement of financial position as deferred government grants and credited to
                      profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term of the land use right or
                      the useful life of the equipment.




42                                                           TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                   Interim Report 2024


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


6.    OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2024              2023
                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                    (unaudited)       (unaudited)

      Gains (losses) from changes in fair value
        of financial assets at FVTPL
        – structured bank deposits                       8,301              11,207
        – investments in listed equity securities       (7,865)            (12,895)
        – foreign currency forward contracts            (1,747)              4,215
        – commodity derivative contracts               173,292              20,217
      Loss on disposals/write off of property,
        plant and equipment                             (15,671)            (5,169)
      Net foreign exchange losses                       (35,983)           (50,065)
      Others                                             13,783             (1,720)

                                                       134,110             (34,210)




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                     43
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     7.      INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2024                 2023
                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)          (unaudited)

             People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
               Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)
               – Current tax                                    175,863              433,358

             Deferred tax (note 12)
              Current period                                    125,446             (159,065)

                                                                301,309              274,293

             The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands and Tianneng
             International Investment Holdings Limited was incorporated in the British Virgin
             Islands (the “BVI”) and as such are tax exempted as no business carried out in the
             Cayman Islands and the BVI under the tax laws of the Cayman Islands and the
             BVI, respectively.

             The subsidiaries of the Company operating in Hong Kong did not have tax
             assessable profit during both periods.

             The income tax expense of the Group is recognised based on the PRC EIT rate of
             25% during both periods. Certain subsidiaries of the Group were accredited as
             High-tech companies and enjoyed a tax rate of 15%.




44                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                    Interim Report 2024


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


8.    PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD
                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                         2024             2023
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                   (unaudited)      (unaudited)

      Profit for the period has been arrived at
        after charging:

      Depreciation of property, plant and
        equipment                                      521,925             409,189
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets               17,252              20,796
      Impairment losses recognised on
        property, plant and equipment
        included in cost of sales                      138,086                     –
      Write-down of inventories (included in
        cost of sales)                                  44,963             137,409

9.    DIVIDENDS
                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                         2024             2023
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                   (unaudited)      (unaudited)

      Dividends declared during the period:

      Six months ended 30 June 2024: 2023
         final dividend of Hong Kong dollar
         (“HK$”) 43.00 cents (equivalent to
         RMB39.15 cents) (Six months ended
         30 June 2023: 2022 final dividend
         of HK$40.00 cents (equivalent to
         RMB35.52 cents)) per ordinary share           440,832             400,005

      The directors did not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six
      months ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                      45
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     10.     EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                (unaudited)      (unaudited)

             Earnings:
             Earnings for the purposes of calculating
               basic and diluted earnings per share
               – attributable to owners of the
                 Company                                            928,222            918,209

                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                 (unaudited)        (unaudited)

             Number of shares:
             Weighted average number of ordinary
                shares for the purpose of calculating
                basic earnings per share                      1,126,124,500       1,126,124,500
             Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares
                – share options                                  16,399,613         23,580,356

             Weighted average number of ordinary
              shares for the purpose of calculating
              diluted earnings per share                      1,142,524,113       1,149,704,856




46                                                          TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                    Interim Report 2024


                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


11.   MOVEMENTS IN PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND
      RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
      During the current interim period, the Group disposed of certain property,
      plant and equipment with an aggregate carrying amount of RMB83,854,000 (six
      months ended 30 June 2023: RMB9,428,000) for proceeds of RMB68,183,000 (six
      months ended 30 June 2023: RMB4,259,000), resulting in a loss on disposal of
      RMB15,671,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB5,169,000).

      I n addition, during the current interim period, the Group incurred
      RMB384,385,000, RMB663,985,000 and RMB23,722,000 (six months ended 30
      June 2023: RMB437,210,000, RMB1,019,030,000 and RMB22,873,000) on additions
      of machinery and manufacturing plant, construction in progress and others in
      the PRC, respectively.

      During the six months ended 30 June 2023, upfront payments for leasehold
      lands in the PRC, amounting to RMB144,785,000, were recognised by the Group
      as right-of-use assets for 50 years on lease commencement.

      Impairment assessment

      Due to the adverse change of market conditions in the lithium-ion battery
      industry and suspension of certain lithium-ion battery product lines,
      management of the Group concluded there was such indication and conducted
      impairment assessment on carrying amounts of the property, plant and
      equipment of the relevant subsidiaries as at 30 June 2024. Based on the result
      of the assessment, the Group recognised impairment loss of RMB138,086,000
      related to property, plant and equipment during the current interim period.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                      47
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     12.     DEFERRED TAXATION
             The followings are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and
             movements thereon during the current and prior interim period:

                                                                                                            Fair values
                                                                                                          adjustments
                                                                                                          on property,
                                                                                                              plant and
                                                                                                            equipment
                                                                                                           and prepaid
                                                                                                                  lease                                                                    Fair value
                                                                                       Withholding           payments                         Allowances for                                 change
                                                                           Deferred           tax on       arising from                          inventories,                               of equity
                                                                        government    undistributed         acquisition          Interest    trade and other     Accrued     Accrued    instruments
                                                                             grants          profits    of subsidiaries    capitalisation         receivables   warranty    expenses      at FVTOCI      Tax losses    Others        Total
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


             At 1 January 2023 (audited)                                    108,052          (40,239)           (12,514)           (8,733)            62,799     145,152       97,825         (10,452)     374,911     (20,303)    696,498

             Credit (charge) to profit or loss                                6,917          (20,765)             2,150              565              28,143       7,894       51,026               –        82,576       559      159,065
             Reversal upon payment of withholding tax on distribution
                      of earnings from the PRC subsidiaries                      –            31,000                  –                –                   –           –           –                –            –           –      31,000


             At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                    114,969          (30,004)           (10,364)           (8,168)            90,942     153,046      148,851         (10,452)     457,487     (19,744)    886,563



                                                                                                            Fair values
                                                                                                          adjustments
                                                                                                          on property,
                                                                                                              plant and
                                                                                                            equipment
                                                                                                           and prepaid
                                                                                                                  lease                                                                    Fair value
                                                                                       Withholding           payments                         Allowances for                                 change
                                                                           Deferred           tax on       arising from                          inventories,                               of equity
                                                                        government    undistributed         acquisition          Interest    trade and other     Accrued     Accrued    instruments
                                                                             grants          profits    of subsidiaries    capitalisation         receivables   warranty    expenses      at FVTOCI      Tax losses    Others        Total
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


             At 1 January 2024 (audited)                                   116,714          (54,594)           (10,031)           (7,779)           104,286     127,406      119,370        (12,624)      444,091        (580)    826,259

             Credit (charge) to profit or loss                                 710          (24,399)               153               313             (24,330)     (7,244)    (37,060)              –       (51,711)    18,122     (125,446)
             Credit to other comprehensive income                                –                –                  –                 –                   –           –           –             801             –          –          801
             Reversal upon payment of withholding tax on
                      distribution of earnings from the PRC
                      subsidiaries                                               –           32,400                   –                –                   –           –           –                –            –           –     32,400


             At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                   117,424          (46,593)            (9,878)           (7,466)            79,956     120,162       82,310        (11,823)      392,380      17,542     734,014




48                                                                                                                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                       Interim Report 2024


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


12.   DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
      purposes:

                                                      30/06/2024          31/12/2023
                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                     (unaudited)            (audited)

      Deferred tax assets                                811,656              916,290
      Deferred tax liabilities                           (77,642)             (90,031)

                                                         734,014              826,259

      As at the end of the current interim period, the Group has unused tax losses of
      approximately RMB1,891,457,000 (as at 31 December 2023: RMB1,342,781,000)
      available to offset against future profits, in respect of which no deferred tax
      assets been recognised, due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. Such
      unrecognised losses will expire at various dates up to and including 2034 (as at
      31 December 2023: 2033).

      Under the EIT Law, starting from 1 January 2008, 10% withholding income tax is
      imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned in year 2008 onwards
      and distributed to foreign investors for companies established in the PRC. For
      investors incorporated in Hong Kong, a preferential rate of 5% will be applied
      where appropriate. Other than the PRC withholding income tax provided in
      respect of undistributed profits of the PRC subsidiaries as above, no deferred
      taxation has been provided for the remaining retained profits of approximately
      RMB12,381 million (as at 31 December 2023: RMB11,626 million), which was
      derived from the PRC subsidiaries since 1 January 2008 as the Group is able to
      control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
      that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                         49
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     13.     BILLS, TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                 30/06/2024           31/12/2023
                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                (unaudited)             (audited)



             Bills receivables*                                   2,000,830              1,742,657

             Trade receivables                                    2,430,697              2,101,758
             Less: Allowance for credit losses                     (290,648)              (291,232)

                                                                  2,140,049              1,810,526
             Other receivables                                      157,982                140,699
             Less: Allowance for credit losses                      (45,549)               (55,819)

                                                                    112,433                84,880
             Prepayments for materials                              490,491               698,658
             PRC value added tax and EIT recoverable              1,152,464               694,880

                                                                  5,896,267              5,031,601

             *        The balance represents bills receivables held by the Group which is measured at
                      amortised cost since the bills are held within a business model whose objective
                      is to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual cash flows are solely
                      payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Bills
                      receivables held by the Group as at 30 June 2024 will mature within 1 year.

             For manufacturing business, the normal credit term is 45 to 90 days upon
             delivery. For trading business, customers are normally required to make full
             prepayment before goods delivery.

             The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit
             losses presented based on the invoice date.




50                                                        TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2024


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


13.   BILLS, TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
                                                      30/06/2024           31/12/2023
                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                     (unaudited)             (audited)

      0 to 45 days                                      1,137,442              988,618
      46 to 90 days                                       729,485              538,833
      91 to 180 days                                       61,463              140,801
      181 to 365 days                                     161,192               93,671
      1 year to 2 years                                    34,482               23,007
      Over 2 years                                         15,985               25,596

                                                        2,140,049             1,810,526

14.   DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI
      The balance as at 30 June 2024 represents bills receivables held by the Group
      which is measured at FVTOCI since the bills are held within the business model
      whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and
      selling the financial assets, and the contractual cash flows are solely payments of
      principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

      The following is an aged analysis of debt instruments at FVTOCI at the end of the
      reporting period:

                                                      30/06/2024           31/12/2023
                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                     (unaudited)             (audited)

      0 to 180 days                                       837,619              474,843
      181 to 365 days                                       7,019                1,250

                                                          844,638              476,093

      These bills receivables are all issued by reputable banks of good credit quality.
      The management of the Group considered the credit risk of these bank issued
      bills is insignificant and no impairment was provided on them at the period end.



TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          51
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     15.     IMPAIRMENT LOSSES RECOGNISED UNDER EXPECTED
             CREDIT LOSS MODEL, NET OF REVERSAL
                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                2024                 2023
                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                          (unaudited)          (unaudited)

             Impairment loss recognised (reversed) in
               respect of
               Trade receivables                                12,089              52,804
               Other receivables                                (9,208)              9,549
               Loan receivables                                 32,969               1,897

                                                                35,850              64,250

             The basis of determining the inputs and assumptions and the estimation
             techniques used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six
             months ended 30 June 2024 are the same as those followed in the preparation
             of the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.




52                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                 Interim Report 2024


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


16.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
                                                    30/06/2024      31/12/2023
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                   (unaudited)        (audited)

      Structured bank deposits                        350,000           220,000
      Equity securities listed in Mainland China       43,634            41,294
      Equity securities listed in Hong Kong            39,927            49,020
      Foreign currency forward contracts                    –             1,470
      Commodity derivative contracts                   29,500             6,044
      Unlisted equity investments                       6,000             3,000

                                                      469,061           320,828

17.   BILLS, TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                    30/06/2024      31/12/2023
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                   (unaudited)        (audited)

      Trade payables                                3,264,438          2,492,342
      Bills payables                                7,185,917          6,154,646
      Dividend payables                               442,643                688
      Value added tax payables and other tax
         payables                                     723,463           766,238
      Staff salaries and welfare payables             510,239           646,354
      Payables for purchase of property, plant
         and equipment                              1,584,045          1,671,923
      Accrued charges                                 615,001            624,414
      Deposits payables                               373,793            365,068
      Other payables                                  171,529            275,966

                                                   14,871,068        12,997,639




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                   53
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     17.     BILLS, TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (CONTINUED)
             The following is an aged analysis of trade payables, presented based on invoice
             date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                            30/06/2024          31/12/2023
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                           (unaudited)            (audited)

             0 – 90 days                                     2,854,114             2,043,673
             91 – 180 days                                     207,407               253,180
             181 – 365 days                                     81,260                40,140
             1 – 2 years                                        44,753               115,324
             Over 2 years                                       76,904                40,025

                                                             3,264,438             2,492,342

             The following is an aged analysis of bills payables from issue date at the end of
             the reporting period:

                                                            30/06/2024          31/12/2023
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                           (unaudited)            (audited)

             0 – 180 days                                    7,185,812             6,152,115
             181 – 365 days                                        105                 2,531

                                                             7,185,917             6,154,646




54                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                           Interim Report 2024


                                          INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


18.   BORROWINGS
                                                        30/06/2024            31/12/2023
                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                       (unaudited)              (audited)

      Bank borrowings                                   13,969,928               8,692,876
      Other borrowings*                                    352,523                 374,649

                                                        14,322,451               9,067,525

      Secured                                             7,563,482              3,340,848
      Unsecured                                           6,758,969              5,726,677

                                                        14,322,451               9,067,525

      *      As at 30 June 2024, other borrowings amounting to RMB100,000,000 (31
             December 2023: RMB100,000,000) were from a related party. Details are set out in
             note 24.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                             55
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     18.     BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
             Carrying amounts repayable:

                                                             30/06/2024           31/12/2023
                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)             (audited)

             Within one year                                   9,329,304            6,240,750
             Within a period of more than one year
              but not exceeding two years                      1,279,061              938,161
             Within a period of more than two years
              but not more than five years                     2,916,344            1,169,978
             Over five years                                     797,742              718,636

                                                             14,322,451             9,067,525
             Less: Amounts due within one year shown
                    under current liabilities                 (9,329,304)           (6,240,750)

             Amounts shown under non-current
              liabilities                                      4,993,147            2,826,775

             Details of assets pledged by the Group at the end of the reporting period are set
             out in note 21.

             The ranges of effective interest rates (which are also equal to contracted interest
             rates) on the Group’s borrowings are as follows:

                                                             30/06/2024           31/12/2023
                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)             (audited)

             Fixed-rate borrowings                         5.00%-6.00%           5.00%-6.00%
             Variable-rate borrowings                      2.28%-6.00%           1.09%-6.50%




56                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                      Interim Report 2024


                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


19.   SHARE CAPITAL
                                                     Number of              Amount
                                                        shares             RMB’000

      Ordinary shares of the Company with
        nominal value of HK$0.10 each
      Authorised:
        At 1 January 2023, 30 June 2023,
          1 January 2024 and 30 June 2024        2,000,000,000              212,780

      Issued and fully paid:
         At 1 January 2023, 30 June 2023,
           1 January 2024 and 30 June 2024       1,126,124,500              109,850

20.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
      Share options scheme
      The Company has a share options scheme (the “Scheme”) for eligible directors of
      the Company, eligible employees of the Group and other selected participants.
      According to the terms of the Scheme, option granted must be taken up within
      28 days from the date of grant, upon payment of HK$1.00. The options may be
      exercised in accordance with the terms of the Scheme at any time during the
      exercise period determined by the board of directors which shall in any event
      not be more than ten years from the date of grant. Share options are vested over
      a period up to a maximum of four years after the date of grant.

      The total number of shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise
      of the options granted pursuant to the Scheme to an eligible participant in any
      12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the number of shares in issue unless
      approved by shareholders in a general meeting. The maximum number of
      shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Scheme shall not
      in aggregate exceed 10% of the shares in issue on the date on which dealings
      in the shares first commence on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, i.e. a total of
      100,000,000 shares (the “Option Limit”). Pursuant to an annual general meeting
      held on 16 May 2014, the Option Limit has been refreshed to 10% of the shares
      in issue on the date of the annual general meeting, i.e. a total of 111,190,800
      shares.



TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                        57
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     20.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
             Share options scheme (Continued)
             All holders of options granted under the Scheme may only exercise their options
             in the following manner:

             Maximum percentage
             of options exercisable                                Vesting period

             10% of the options                                    Upon the first anniversary of the date
                                                                    of grant
             Additional 20% of the options                         Upon the second anniversary of the date
                                                                    of grant
             Additional 30% of the options                         Upon the third anniversary of the date
                                                                    of grant
             Additional 40% of the options                         Upon the fourth anniversary of the date
                                                                    of grant

             The following tables disclosed movements of the Company’s options under the
             Scheme during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023.

                                                                              Outstanding       Lapsed      Outstanding
                                                    Exercisable    Exercise            at    during the              at
             Category                 Grant date        period        price    01/01/2024        period      30/06/2024

             Option C                   16.6.2014     16.6.2015-    HK$2.90     32,931,000   (32,931,000)             –
                                                       15.6.2024

             Exercisable at the end                                                                                   –
                 of the period

                                                                              Outstanding     Forfeited     Outstanding
                                                    Exercisable    Exercise            at    during the              at
             Category                 Grant date        period        price    01/01/2023        period      30/06/2023

             Option C                   16.6.2014     16.6.2015-    HK$2.90     33,714,000     (324,000)      33,390,000
                                                       15.6.2024

             Exercisable at the end                                                                           33,390,000
                 of the period




58                                                                  TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2024


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


20.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Share options scheme (Continued)
      No options were exercised during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023.

      During the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, no expense was
      recognised in relation to share options granted by the Company under the
      Scheme.

      Share award scheme of a subsidiary of the Company
      Pursuant to the shareholders’ resolution approved on 23 May 2019, Tianneng
      Share adopted a share award scheme for eligible senior management and eligible
      employees of Tianneng Share and its subsidiaries (the “Selected Employees”)
      (the “Share Award Scheme”). The objective of the Share Award Scheme is to
      recognise the contribution by the Selected Employees and to provide them with
      incentives in order to retain them for the continuing operation and development
      of Tianneng Share and its subsidiaries.

      According to the Share Award Scheme, 41,200,000 shares of Tianneng Share
      were granted to certain limited partnerships (the “Limited Partnership”), which
      were legally owned by Zhejiang Tianneng Commercial Management Co., Ltd.
      (“Tianneng Commercial”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, and the
      Selected Employees and for the purpose of facilitating the purchasing, holding
      and selling of shares of Tianneng Share for the benefit of the Selected Employees.
      13,959,000 shares have been subscribed at a price of RMB7.69 per share.

      These shares are restricted for sale until the fourth anniversary date after the
      initial public offering of Tianneng Share in A-share market (the “Qualified IPO”)
      which was completed in January 2021. Upon the expiry of the sale restriction
      of the awarded shares, the Limited Partnership shall dispose of the awarded
      shares at the prevailing market price and transfer the proceeds in relation to the
      awarded shares to the respective Selected Employees.

      If the Selected Employees resigned before the expiry of the sale restriction of the
      awarded shares, they are required to sell back the awarded shares at a share price
      of RMB7.69 plus interest at 115% of the benchmark lending rate of peer loan
      issued by the People’s Bank of China.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          59
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     20.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
             Share award scheme of a subsidiary of the Company (Continued)
             The fair value of restricted shares granted on 23 May 2019 amounted to
             approximately RMB71,367,000. During the current interim period, an expense of
             approximately RMB2,107,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB4,638,000)
             was recognised by the Group in relation to restricted shares granted by Tianneng
             Share under the Share Award Scheme.

     21.     PLEDGE OF ASSETS
             At the end of reporting period, the Group has pledged the following assets to
             secure the general banking facilities granted to the Group.

                                                            30/06/2024          31/12/2023
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                           (unaudited)            (audited)

             Pledged/restricted bank deposits                9,697,438            5,979,539
             Property, plant and equipment                     173,680              171,331
             Debt instruments at FVTOCI                        198,369              301,391
             Right-of-use assets                               291,417              315,557
             Bills receivables                                 610,484            1,164,619

                                                           10,971,388             7,932,437

     22.     CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                            30/06/2024          31/12/2023
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                           (unaudited)            (audited)

             Contracted for but not provided in the
               condensed consolidated financial
               statements in respect of the acquisition
               of property, plant and equipment              2,162,668            2,752,584




60                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                               Interim Report 2024


                                            INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


23.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      Fair value measurements and valuation process
      Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair
      value at the end of each reporting period. The following table gives information
      about how the fair value of these financial assets and financial liabilities are
      determined, as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair
      value measurements are categorised (level 1 to 3) based on the degree to which
      the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

      •      Level 1 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices (unadjusted)
             in active market for identical assets or liabilities;

      •      Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than
             quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
             liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices);
             and

      •      Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation
             techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based
             on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                 61
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     23.     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             (CONTINUED)
             Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that
             are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
                                                                                                                                                  Relationship of
                                                                                                                                   Significant    unobservable
                                                                                  Fair value Valuation technique                   unobservable   inputs to
             Financial assets                       Fair value as at              hierarchy and key input                          input          fair value
                                         30/06/2024             31/12/2023
                                         RMB’000                RMB’000
                                         (unaudited)            (audited)

             Listed equity               Listed equity          Listed equity     Level 1    Quoted transaction prices             N/A            N/A
                 securities classified   securities in          securities in                  in active markets.
                 as financial assets     Mainland China:        Mainland China:
                 at FVTPL                RMB43,634              RMB41,294

                                         Listed equity          Listed equity
                                         securities in          securities in
                                         Hong Kong:             Hong Kong:
                                         RMB39,927              RMB49,020

             Listed equity               Listed equity          Listed equity     Level 1    Quoted transaction prices             N/A            N/A
                 instruments             securities in          securities in                  in an active market.
                 at FVTOCI               Hong Kong:             Hong Kong:
                                         RMB145,757             RMB145,145

                                         Listed equity          Listed equity
                                         securities in          securities in
                                         Mainland China:        Mainland China:
                                         RMB37,664              RMB63,042

             Foreign currency            Nil                    Assets: RMB1,470 Level 2     Discounted cash flow.                  N/A           N/A
                forward contracts                                                            Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                                based on forward exchange
                                                                                                rates (from observable forward
                                                                                                exchange rates at the end
                                                                                                of the reporting period) and
                                                                                                contracted forward rates,
                                                                                                discounted at a rate that
                                                                                                reflects the credit risk of various
                                                                                                counterparties.




62                                                                                          TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024


                                                                     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


23.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that
      are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)
                                                                                                                                         Relationship of
                                                                                                                     Significant         unobservable
                                                                      Fair value Valuation technique                 unobservable        inputs to
      Financial assets                      Fair value as at          hierarchy and key input                        input               fair value
                                 30/06/2024             31/12/2023
                                 RMB’000                RMB’000
                                 (unaudited)            (audited)

      Commodity derivative       Assets:                Assets:       Level 2    The fair value of the commodity N/A                     N/A
        contracts                RMB29,500              RMB6,044                    derivative contracts is estimated
                                                                                    by reference to the quoted prices
                                                                                    of similar standardised commodity
                                                                                    derivative contracts at the end of
                                                                                    the reporting period.

      Debt instruments at        RMB844,638             RMB476,093    Level 2    Discounted cash flow is estimated N/A                   N/A
        FVTOCI                                                                      based on discount rate observed
                                                                                    in the available market.

      Structured bank deposits   RMB350,000             RMB220,000    Level 3    Discounted cash flow is estimated Expected return       An increase in the
         at FVTPL                                                                   based on expected return.                               expected return
                                                                                                                                            would result in
                                                                                                                                            a decrease in
                                                                                                                                            the fair value
                                                                                                                                            measurement of
                                                                                                                                            the structured
                                                                                                                                            bank deposits,
                                                                                                                                            and vice versa.

      Unlisted equity            RMB146,205             RMB147,464    Level 3    Backsolve from recent transaction   Recent transaction The higher
        instruments                                                                 price                               price              the recent
        at FVTOCI                                                                                                                          transaction price,
                                                                                                                                           the higher the
                                                                                                                                           fair value

      Unlisted equity            RMB6,000               RMB3,000      Level 3    Recent transaction price            Recent transaction The higher
        investments                                                                                                     price              the recent
        at FVTPL                                                                                                                           transaction price,
                                                                                                                                           the higher the
                                                                                                                                           fair value




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                                                                            63
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     23.     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             (CONTINUED)
             Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that
             are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)
             Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets

                                        Structured Unlisted equity Unlisted equity
                                     bank deposits    instruments    investments
                                          at FVTPL      at FVTOCI         at FVTPL
                                           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

             At 1 January 2024
                (audited)                  220,000              147,464             3,000
             Total gains
             – in profit or loss             8,301                    –                 –
             – in other
                  comprehensive
                  income                          –               (1,259)               –
             Purchases                    2,280,000                    –            3,000
             Disposals/settlements       (2,158,301)                   –                –
             At 30 June 2024
                (unaudited)                350,000              146,205             6,000




64                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                       Interim Report 2024


                                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      During the period, the Group had the following transactions with its related
      companies:

                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
      Name of related parties                   Nature of transactions          2024              2023
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                          (unaudited)        (unaudited)

      浙江暢通科技有限公司                                Purchase of materials       189,983              277,106
      Zhejiang Changtong Technology             Sales of materials              574                2,837
      Company Limited                           Interest expense              3,000                3,000
      (“Changtong Technology”) (note i)

      長興遠鴻機械有限公司                                Purchase of materials             99                 987
      Changxing Yuanhong Machinery              Rental paid                      757                   –
        Company Limited
        (“Yuanhong Machinery”) (note ii)

      浙江長興欣欣包裝有限公司                              Purchase of consumables        4,832               5,417
      Zhejiang Changxing Xin
        Xin Packaging Co., Ltd.
        (“Xin Xin Packaging”) (note iii)



      濟源市萬洋冶煉（集團）有限公司                           Purchase of materials       853,224              337,745
      Jiyuan City Wanyang                       Sale of goods               741,227                    –
          Smelting (Group) Co., Ltd.            Rental paid                   1,129                  941
          (“Wanyang Group”) (note iv)

      浙江暢能商業管理有限公司                        Property management fees             4,433               1,292
      Zhejiang Changneng Business
        Management Co., Ltd
        (“Changneng Business Management”)
        (note v)

      長興金陵大酒店                                   Hotel expense                    631                 639
      Changxing Jin Ling Hotel (note v)

      連雲港市雲海電源有限公司                              Purchase of materials         39,053               7,648
      Lianyungang Yunhai Power Supply Co., Ltd.
         (“Lianyungang Yunhai”) (note vi)


TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                         65
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     24.     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
             Details of the amounts due to related parties are as follows:

             Name of related parties                          30/06/2024        31/12/2023
                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                             (unaudited)          (audited)

             Changtong Technology                                144,497           222,928
             Xin Xin Packaging                                     4,088             3,878
             Yuanhong Machinery                                      110                45
             Wanyang Group                                         3,731             9,632
             Lianyungang Yunhai                                    4,812             2,969
             航天國華生態環境(浙江)有限公司
             (Aerospace Guohua Ecological
                Environment (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd.
                (“Aerospace Guohua”) (note vi)                        209                 9
             Changneng Business Management                             20                 –

                                                                 157,467           239,461

             Details of the amounts due from related parties are as follows:

             Name of related parties                          30/06/2024        31/12/2023
                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                             (unaudited)          (audited)

             Wangyang Group                                         1,575            16,377
             Lianyungang Yunhai                                     1,177            14,902
             Aerospace Guohua                                       1,074             3,468
             Changtong Technology                                     235             1,514
             Changneng Business Management                            474               705

                                                                    4,535            36,966

             The amounts due to/from related parties are trade in nature and with ageing less
             than 180 days.




66                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                             Interim Report 2024


                                            INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      Details of the other borrowings from a related party are as follows:

      Name of a related party                             30/06/2024            31/12/2023
                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                         (unaudited)              (audited)

      Changtong Technology                                    100,000               100,000

      The other borrowings from a related party are unsecured, non-trade in nature
      and carry interests at 6% per annum.

      Notes:

      (i)      Changtong Technology is beneficially owned by Ms. Zhang Mei’e, who is the sister
               of Dr. Zhang Tianren (“Dr. Zhang”), the beneficial owner and the director of the
               Company, and her spouse, Mr. Ni Danqing.

      (ii)     Yuanhong Machinery is beneficially owned by Mr. Zhang Kaihong’s son. Mr. Zhang
               Kaihong is a director of the Company.

      (iii)    Xin Xin Packaging is beneficially owned by Ms. Chen Pingping and Ms. She Fangli,
               who are the cousin and niece of Dr. Zhang, respectively.

      (iv)     Wanyang Group is a party which holds 49% interest of Jiyuan Wanyang Green
               Energy Co., Ltd. (濟源市萬洋綠色能源有限公司), a 51% owned subsidiary of the
               Group.

      (v)      Changneng Business Management and Changxing Jin Ling Hotel are controlled
               by Dr. Zhang.

      (vi)     Lianyungang Yunhai and Aerospace Guohua are associates of the Group.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                               67
     Interim Report 2024


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     24.     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
             The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during
             the period was as follows:

                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                2024                2023
                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                          (unaudited)         (unaudited)

             Short term employee benefits                       1,395               1,412
             Post-employment benefits                               8                  17

                                                                1,403               1,429

             The remuneration of directors and key executives are determined by the
             remuneration committee and executive directors, respectively, having regard to
             the performance of individuals and market trends.




68                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                            Interim Report 2024


                                                           OTHER INFORMATION


INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
As at 30 June 2024, apart from the details as follows, the Directors and chief executive
of the Company do not have any other interests and short positions in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)), as
recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO or
as notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”) pursuant to the Model Code.

Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each of the Company
                                                                                   Aggregate
                                                                                 approximate
                                                                               percentage of
                                                         Number of       issued share capital
Name                  Capacity                          shares held          of the Company
                                                            (Note 1)                  (Note 7)

Zhang Tianren         Interest of a controlled         411,355,650 (L)                 36.53%
                         corporation (Note 2)
                      Interest of spouse (Note 2)          258,000 (L)                  0.02%


Zhang Aogen           Interest of a controlled          13,641,022 (L)                  1.21%
                         corporation (Note 3)


Zhang Kaihong         Interest of a controlled          18,884,174 (L)                  1.68%
                         corporation (Note 4)


Shi Borong            Interest of a controlled          15,686,141 (L)                  1.39%
                         corporation (Note 5)


Zhou Jianzhong        Interest of a controlled           2,362,815 (L)                  0.21%
                         corporation (Note 6)


Huang Dongliang       Beneficial owner                     240,000 (L)                  0.02%




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                              69
     Interim Report 2024


     OTHER INFORMATION


     Notes:

     1.       The letter “L” denotes long position in the shares of the Company.

     2.       The 411,355,650 shares of the Company were held by Prime Leader Global Limited, which
              was wholly-owned by Dr. Zhang Tianren. Ms. Yang Yaping, spouse of Dr. Zhang Tianren,
              held 258,000 shares of the Company.

     3.       The 13,641,022 shares of the Company were held by Top Benefits International Limited,
              which was wholly-owned by Mr. Zhang Aogen.

     4.       The 18,884,174 shares of the Company were held by Plenty Gold Holdings Limited, which
              was wholly-owned by Mr. Zhang Kaihong.

     5.       The 15,686,141 shares of the Company were held by Precise Asia Global Limited, which
              was wholly-owned by Mr. Shi Borong.

     6.       The 2,362,815 shares of the Company were held by Centre Wealth Limited, which was
              wholly-owned by Mr. Zhou Jianzhong.

     7.       Shareholding percentage is based on 1,126,124,500 issued shares of the Company as at 30
              June 2024.




70                                                           TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                    Interim Report 2024


                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION


Interest in an associated corporation, Zhejiang Tianneng New Materials Co.,
Ltd. ( 浙江天能新材料有限公司 )
                                                                       Aggregate
                                                                     approximate
                                                                    percentage of
                                                             issued share capital
                                                  Number of     of the associated
Name                Capacity                     shares held          corporation

Zhang Tianren             Interest of a controlled               34,314,000 (L)                  25%
                             corporation (Note (ii))

Notes:

(i)      The letter “L” denotes long position in the shares of the associated corporation.

(ii)     The 34,314,000 shares of the associated corporation were held by Tianchang Holding Co.,
         Ltd. ( 天暢控股有限公司 ), which was owned as to 98% by Dr. Zhang Tianren.

INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at 30 June 2024, the register of substantial shareholders maintained by the Company
pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO shows that the following shareholders, other than
a Director or chief executive of the Company, had notified the Company of relevant
interests and short positions in the shares or underlying shares or debentures of the
Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO in the issued share capital of the
Company:




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                      71
     Interim Report 2024


     OTHER INFORMATION


     Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each of the Company
                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                             percentage of
                                                                                               issued share
                                                                             Number of            capital of
     Name of Shareholder        Capacity                                    shares held      the Company
                                                                                (Note 1)            (Note 3)

     Zhang Tianren              Interest of a controlled                   411,355,650 (L)           36.53%
                                   corporation (Note 2)
                                Interest of spouse (Note 2)                    258,000 (L)            0.02%

     Yang Yaping                Beneficial owner (Note 2)                      258,000 (L)            0.02%
                                Interest of spouse (Note 2)                411,355,650 (L)           36.53%

     Prime Leader Global        Beneficial owner (Note 2)                  411,355,650 (L)           36.53%
        Limited


     Notes:

     1.       The letter “L” denotes long position in the shares of the Company.

     2.       The 411,355,650 shares were held by Prime Leader Global Limited, which was wholly-owned
              by Dr. Zhang Tianren. Ms. Yang Yaping, spouse of Dr. Zhang Tianren, held 258,000 shares.
              Ms. Yang Yaping, being the spouse of Dr. Zhang Tianren, is deemed to be interested in the
              shares held by Dr. Zhang Tianren.

     3.       Shareholding percentage is based on 1,126,124,500 issued shares of the Company as at 30
              June 2024.




72                                                             TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024


                                                                                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION


SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
A share option scheme (the “2007 Share Option Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to
a resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company on 26 February 2007 for the
primary purpose of providing incentives or rewards to selected participants for their
contribution to the Group. Further details of the 2007 Share Option Scheme are set
out in the Note 20 to the financial statements. An ordinary resolution was passed at
the annual general meeting of the Company held on 16 May 2014 (the “2014 Annual
General Meeting”) relating to the refreshment of scheme mandate limit of the 2007
Share Option Scheme as set out in the supplemental notice of the 2014 Annual General
Meeting. The 2007 Share Option Scheme expired on 10 June 2017. After its termination,
no further options will be granted but the provisions of the 2007 Share Option Scheme
shall in all other respects remain in full force and effect and options which were granted
during the life of the 2007 Share Option Scheme may continue to be exercisable until
their expiry on 16 June 2024 in accordance with their terms of issue.

Details of the share options granted under the 2007 Share Option Scheme and the
movement of the Company’s share options during the Reporting Period are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                               Number                       Approximate
                                                                                     Weighted                                                                of options                     shareholding
                                                                                       average                                                                lapsed in                       percentage
                                                                                  closing price                                                             accordance                              of the
                                                                Closing price    of Company’s          Number                                                  with the         Number         underlying
                                                                of Company’s            shares        of option      Number       Number       Number      terms of the       of options        shares for
                                                                      shares      immediately      outstanding     of options   of options   of options   options or the    outstanding       the options
                                                    Exercise     immediately        before the             as at     granted     exercised    cancelled         scheme              as at     in the share
Name or category Date of grant    Exercise           price of      before the           date of      1 January         during       during       during          during          30 June    capital of the
of grantee       of the options   period         the options    date of grant          exercise           2024     the period   the period   the period      the period            2024          Company
                                                        (HK$)            (HK$)             (HK$)


Huang Dongliang   16/6/2014       16/6/2015 to          2.90             2.89                 –          90,000            –            –            –           (90,000)              –                0
 (Independent                       15/6/2024
 non-executive
 Director)

Employees         16/6/2014       16/6/2015 to           2.9             2.89                 –      32,841,000            –            –            –       (32,841,000)              –                0
                                    15/6/2024

                                                                                                     32,931,000            –            –            –       (32,931,000)              –                0




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                                                                                                                         73
     Interim Report 2024


     OTHER INFORMATION


     On 18 May 2018, the Company by ordinary resolution approved the adoption of a new
     share option scheme (the “2018 Share Option Scheme”). No options have yet been
     granted under the 2018 Share Option Scheme.

     The number of share options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the
     2018 Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2024 and 30 June 2024, respectively, was
     112,654,650. The Company had 112,654,650 shares available for issue under the 2018
     Share Option Scheme, which represented 10% of the Shares in issue as at the date of this
     interim report.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
     SECURITIES
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
     Company’s listed securities during the Reporting Period.

     DISCLOSURE OF CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
     Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, there is no change in Directors’
     information since the date of publication of the 2023 Annual Report.


                                                             By order of the Board
                                                               Zhang Tianren
                                                                  Chairman

     Hong Kong, 28 August 2024




74                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
