                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025
TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 天能動力國際有限公司   INTERIM REPORT 2025 中期報告
                                                                             中 期 報 告 2025
                                                                  Interim Report 2025


                                                                   CONTENTS


                                                                              page

Corporate Information                                                              2

Management Discussion and Analysis                                                 4

Corporate Governance                                                              40

Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements                   41

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of
   Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                                  43

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                          46

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                           49

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                  50

  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements                        52

Other Information                                                                 82




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                    01
     Interim Report 2025


     CORPORATE INFORMATION


     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS              NOMINATION COMMITTEE
     Dr. ZHANG Tianren (Chairman)     MEMBERS
     Mr. ZHANG Aogen                  Dr. ZHANG Tianren (Chairman)
     Mr. SHI Borong                   Mr. HUANG Dongliang
     Mr. ZHANG Kaihong                Mr. XIAO Gang
     Mr. ZHOU Jianzhong               Dr. GUO Yuantao

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE        COMPANY SECRETARY
     DIRECTORS                        Ms. HUI Wai Man Shirley
     Mr. HUANG Dongliang
     Mr. ZHANG Yong                   AUDITOR
     Mr. XIAO Gang
                                      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Dr. GUO Yuantao
                                      Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
                                      35th Floor, One Pacific Place
     AUDIT COMMITTEE MEMBERS          88 Queensway Hong Kong
     Mr. HUANG Dongliang (Chairman)
     Mr. ZHANG Yong                   PUBLIC RELATIONS
     Mr. XIAO Gang
                                      Porda Havas International Finance
                                        Communications (Group) Holdings
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE             Company Limited
     MEMBERS                          Unit 802B, 8th Floor,
     Mr. XIAO Gang (Chairman)         Admiralty Centre, Tower 1,
     Mr. HUANG Dongliang              18 Harcourt Road,
     Mr. ZHANG Aogen                  Admiralty, Hong Kong




02                                       TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                 Interim Report 2025


                                             CORPORATE INFORMATION


STATUTORY ADDRESS                        LISTING INFORMATION
Cricket Square                           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Hutchins Drive                           Stock Code: 00819
P.O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman
KY1-1111
Cayman Islands

PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
IN HONG KONG
Suite 3202, 32 Floor, Central Plaza
18 Harbour Road
Wanchai
Hong Kong

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.tianneng.com.hk

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman
KY1-1111, Cayman Islands

HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                   03
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     COMPANY PROFILE
     Tianneng Power International Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries,
     collectively referred to as the “Group” or “Tianneng“), founded in 1986 and
     headquartered in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”), has become a
     leading company in the new-energy battery industry and electric two-wheelers battery
     industry with its comprehensive manufacturing system and technological advantages.
     In 2007, the Company was listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong
     Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (Stock Code: 00819.HK).

     After nearly four decades of development, the Group has established lead-acid batteries
     as its core business, deeply engaging in the motive battery market for light electric
     vehicles while expanding into diverse fields such as uninterruptible power supply
     (“UPS”), automotive batteries, and industrial motive batteries. To comprehensively build
     a future-oriented new energy ecosystem, the Group, while maintaining its core business
     advantages, actively advances the research and development (“R&D”), production, and
     sales of lithium-ion (“Li-ion”) batteries, solid-state batteries, hydrogen fuel cells, and
     sodium-ion batteries, leveraging a multi-technology product matrix to cover diverse
     new energy application scenarios. Concurrently, the Group is developing a circular
     economy industry chain, relying on the recycling of waste lead-acid batteries and waste
     Li-ion batteries to promote efficient resource regeneration.

     OPERATION REVIEW
     During the six-month period ended 30 June 2025 (the “Reporting Period”), the Group,
     focusing on the characteristics of the new development phase, proactively adapted
     to changes in the international environment and industrial landscape adjustments. It
     consistently adhered to the core development philosophy of strategic guidance, reform
     breakthrough, coordinating the three-pronged approach of “industry, technology, and
     capital”. While reinforcing the core competitiveness of its lead-acid battery business, the
     Group accelerated the layout of its new energy business, deepened the construction of
     its circular economy system, and simultaneously expanded its overseas markets, driving
     comprehensive and sustainable business development. Through the deep integration
     of strategic initiatives and structural reforms, the Group significantly enhanced its
     market competitiveness and industry influence, laying a solid foundation for long-term
     development resilience.




04                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2025


                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The lead-acid battery business remains the strategic cornerstone and stable pillar of the
Group’s ongoing operations. Leveraging its core business advantages, the Group has
advanced its intelligent manufacturing upgrade, refined its operational management
system, and strengthened its sales network, driving continuous improvements in
product quality and overall market competitiveness, thereby reinforcing the resilience
of the lead-acid battery business in a complex market environment. Building on
iterative advancements in battery technology, the Group has enhanced its adaptability
in the light electric vehicle market while expanding into sub-segments such as UPS,
automotive batteries, and industrial motive batteries. This systematic approach has
established a differentiated market layout and multi-dimensional competitive barriers,
creating broader value space for future growth.

The new energy technology matrix serves as the Group’s growth momentum and
innovation engine in response to the energy transition. The Group actively expands the
application of diversified technology routes, promoting key technological breakthroughs
and targeted market expansion for Li-ion batteries. Through strengthened technological
innovation, enriched product matrices and scenario-based solutions, the Group has
achieved application expansion in sub-segments such as UPS and energy storage
systems (“ESS”), low-speed motive batteries and motive batteries for special industrial
vehicles, while simultaneously advancing the R&D, and industrialization of solid-state
batteries, hydrogen fuel cells and sodium-ion batteries. Through the promotion of key
projects, the Group has accumulated valuable experience in the integration of new
energy battery technologies and multi-scenario collaborative applications, enhancing its
business scalability and implementation capabilities.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          05
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The circular economy is a key pillar in the Group’s efforts to build a sustainable value
     system. As a leading enterprise in China’s recycling industry, the Group has established
     a standardized recycling and processing system. Leveraging its large-scale processing
     capabilities and business synergy advantages, the Group promotes the efficient
     utilization of waste battery resources, achieving industry-leading recovery rates for key
     materials. The Group has developed an efficient and intensive circular economy industry
     chain, successfully creating a national-level circular economy demonstration project.
     The Group has delivered replicable circular economy models and practical standards,
     thereby deeply fulfilling its corporate social responsibility.

     The internationalization strategy is a critical pivot for the Group to enhance its global
     competitiveness and achieve incremental growth. During the Reporting Period, the
     Group, guided by local market demands, accelerated its international market expansion
     by leveraging domestic and overseas industrial resources. The Group has deployed
     localized operational teams in Thailand, Vietnam, Turkey, and other countries, developed
     dozens of authorized distributors, and expanded its sales network to cover major
     countries in Asia-Pacific, Europe, America, the Middle East and Africa. The construction of
     the production base in Vietnam progressed steadily, with the assembly base’s capacity
     fully unleashed. Through a tailored “one country, one strategy” market approach, the
     Group systematically built a distributor network and after-sales system covering key
     global markets. Based on its deep technological expertise and extensive industry
     experience in the sustainable energy sector, the Group maintains strong confidence in
     the growth of its international business.




06                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2025


                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INDUSTRY DEVELOPMENT AND OPERATION
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s manufacturing business recorded an operating
income of approximately RMB21,168 million. The industry development and operating
conditions for each main business are as follows:

(1)    High-end Eco-friendly Batteries

       High-end eco-friendly batteries are sealed, maintenance-free lead-acid battery
       products developed by the Group through R&D and technological innovation,
       including a series of products such as eco-friendly motive batteries, UPS,
       automotive batteries, and motive batteries for special industrial vehicles. During
       the Reporting Period, the Group’s high-end eco-friendly battery business
       recorded an operating income of approximately RMB18,292 million.

       1.     Eco-friendly Motive Batteries

              Eco-friendly motive batteries are one of the key products of the Group’s
              lead-acid battery business, widely applied in fields such as light electric
              vehicles, and represented a significant source of the Group’s revenue.

              Lead-acid batteries are deeply tailored to meet the demands of the light
              electric vehicle market, serving as the mainstream power solution in
              this sector. According to the 2025 China Two-Wheeled Electric Vehicle
              Industry Research Report by iResearch, the ownership of two-wheeled
              electric vehicles in China reached over 420 million units, with stable
              replacement demand. The implementation of the Safety Technical
              Specification for Electric Bicycle (GB 17761-2024) in 2025 has driven the
              phase-out of outdated production capacity through upgraded technical
              standards, further reinforcing the scale barriers and technological first-
              mover advantages of leading enterprises. During the Reporting Period,
              the Group focused on the synergistic advancement of production
              efficiency enhancement, technological iteration, and market strategy
              deployment, laying a solid foundation for the high-quality development
              of its lead-acid battery business.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          07
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                      Through the comprehensive adoption of the intelligent manufacturing
                      system across all production bases and the upgrading of equipment
                      technology, the Group effectively enhanced manufacturing efficiency
                      and supply chain assurance capabilities, with cost control benefits
                      gradually becoming evident and product cost competitiveness
                      continuously strengthening. During the Reporting Period, the Group fully
                      advanced the construction of intelligent factories at production bases in
                      Zhejiang, Jiangsu, and Henan provinces, deeply integrating 5G, Internet
                      of Things, and artificial intelligence technologies to achieve end-to-end
                      digital and intelligent upgrades. Leveraging its independently developed
                      intelligent manufacturing cloud platform and multi-scenario intelligent
                      solutions, the Group established and promoted an industry-leading
                      standard system for intelligent factories. Notably, the production base in
                      Puyang City, Henan Province, was successfully recognized as a national
                      level “5G Factory”, demonstrating significant competitive advantages.




08                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                         Interim Report 2025


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             In response to the diversified evolution of consumption scenarios, the
             Group established an R&D strategy of “consolidating core strengths,
             enhancing technological iteration, and refining cutting-edge pre-
             research”. The Group fully leveraged the synergistic capabilities of top-tier
             innovation platforms, including the “National Level Enterprise Technology
             Center”, “National Level Postdoctoral Research Workstation”, “National
             Demonstration Academician and Expert Workstation”, and “Provincial
             Key Enterprise Research Institute”, to drive iterative upgrades in product
             performance. Meanwhile, the Group innovated around user needs to
             develop multiple product series, building a differentiated product matrix
             covering scenarios such as two-wheeled electric vehicles, three-wheeled
             electric vehicles, and low-speed four-wheeled vehicles.

             At the market level, the Group capitalized on its leading brand advantage
             in the industry, reinforcing product leadership and driving upgrades
             to a user-value-centered service system, deeply integrating traditional
             distribution networks with innovative digital ecosystems. By the
             end of the Reporting Period, the Group had over 3,000 distributors,
             covering more than 400,000 end-user stores and serving hundreds of
             millions of light electric vehicle users. In the realm of marketing model
             innovation, the Group pioneered the industry by establishing the online-
             offline integrated user service platform, connecting scenarios such as
             maintenance, repair, testing and evaluation. By leveraging digital tools
             to empower marketing, the Group supported its partners in achieving
             refined operations, successfully creating an efficient value chain. This
             enabled effective synergy across products, sales, and services, significantly
             enhancing channel efficiency and market competitiveness.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                           09
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                      In terms of global expansion, the Group actively embraced the rapid
                      growth opportunities in the global energy market, accelerating the
                      development of the international business network covering Southeast
                      Asia, Europe, Africa, and other regions. During the Reporting Period,
                      overseas business achieved breakthrough growth, with consistent
                      positive market feedback. The construction of the Vietnam base
                      progressed in an orderly manner, laying the foundation for regional
                      penetration. The Group focused on tailoring localized products to meet
                      diverse demands, developing localized channels and operational teams.
                      Concurrently, the Group advanced its “service globalization” strategy,
                      systematically building localized service standard systems, optimizing the
                      global supply chain, and unleashing growth momentum.

             2.       Other High-End Eco-Friendly Batteries

                      Lead-acid batteries, leveraging their comprehensive cost and
                      performance advantages, are widely applied across multiple fields,
                      including UPS, automotive batteries, and motive batteries for special
                      industrial vehicles.




10                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                     Interim Report 2025


                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             (1)    UPS

                    In the first half of 2025, driven by multiple factors such as the
                    energy structure transition and accelerated development of
                    computing infrastructure, the UPS market has rapidly expanded.
                    Lead-acid batteries, with their significant cost advantages and
                    operational stability, have deeply penetrated scenarios such as
                    telecommunications base stations and data centers. The Group
                    seized industry opportunities, steadily expanding the application
                    depth of lead-acid batteries in the UPS sector.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                       11
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                            During the Reporting Period, benefiting from orderly capacity
                            release and refined operational management, the UPS
                            business exhibited stronger-than-expected growth. The Group
                            continuously optimized material formulations and manufacturing
                            processes, driving comprehensive improvements in product
                            performance and forming a product matrix tailored to multiple
                            application scenarios. Market expansion efforts yielded significant
                            results, with key order deliveries completed. Internationalization
                            efforts also accelerated, actively engaging with leading overseas
                            enterprises to build a global cooperation network.

                      (2)   Others

                            The Group’s automotive battery business focuses on vehicle
                            power system solutions, encompassing the R&D, manufacturing,
                            and marketing of core product categories such as starter batteries
                            and start-stop batteries. Driven by the core principles of “new
                            technology development, new material applications, and new
                            product innovation”, the Group has achieved breakthroughs
                            in multiple key performance indicators, positioning its key
                            technologies at a leading level in China. During the Reporting
                            Period, the Group made significant strides in business expansion,
                            establishing deep strategic partnerships with existing and new
                            clients, and continuously deepening supply chain penetration.
                            Concurrently, the Group optimized its nationwide service network
                            around the full product lifecycle, adding over 100 secondary
                            distributors.




12                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                     Interim Report 2025


                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    Meanwhile, the Group deepened its dual strategy of “product
                    iteration” and “horizontal market expansion”, progressively
                    expanding its industrial battery portfolio. In terms of product
                    iteration, the Group leveraged industry-leading technological
                    upgrades to develop batteries featuring core advantages such
                    as “high energy density, long cycle life, and fast charging-
                    discharging”, fulfilling the needs of forklifts, automated guided
                    vehicles (hereinafter referred to as “AGVs”), and intelligent
                    warehousing equipments. In terms of market expansion, the
                    Group served leading enterprises in the construction machinery
                    industry while accelerating its globalization strategy, partnering
                    with international collaborators to jointly explore markets in
                    Europe and Asia and injecting new momentum into business
                    growth.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                       13
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     (2)     New Energy Batteries

             The Group is firmly committed to the direction of new energy development,
             systematically advancing R&D, intelligent manufacturing, and application
             scenario expansion across diverse technology roadmaps, including Li-ion
             batteries, solid-state batteries, hydrogen fuel cells, and sodium-ion batteries, to
             accelerate the cultivation of new growth momentum for its business.

             1.       Li-ion Batteries

                      The Group’s Li-ion battery business primarily focuses on the fields
                      including ESS and low-speed motive. In the ESS field, the Group
                      has gradually established a project delivery system covering power
                      generation-side, grid-side, and user-side energy storage, building on its
                      capabilities in cell manufacturing and system integration. In the low-
                      speed motive and other fields, the Group serves niche markets such as
                      low-speed electric vehicles and motive batteries for special industrial
                      vehicles, expanding product adaptability and solutions. During the
                      Reporting Period, the Group enhanced its technological foundation and
                      project execution capabilities, significantly improving the operational
                      quality and efficiency of its Li-ion battery business, achieving an operating
                      income of approximately RMB501 million.




14                                                       TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2025


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             In the first half of 2025, the Group proactively integrated into the broader
             trend of energy transformation, steadfastly implementing its “high-
             technology, multi-scenario, full-ecosystem” development strategy. The
             Group coordinated advancements in technological innovation, scenario
             expansion, and overseas market development, unleashing the growth
             momentum of its Li-ion battery business. During the Reporting Period,
             the ESS and low-speed motive segments achieved both quantitative
             leaps and qualitative improvements. Meanwhile, the Group expanded
             incremental market space in sub-segments such as industrial motive
             batteries and in-vehicle air conditioning batteries, driving significant
             overall revenue growth and markedly improving capacity utilization.
             Facing challenges such as manufacturing cost fluctuations and
             accelerated delivery schedules, the Group anchored its efforts on the
             four-dimensional goals of “ensuring supply, reducing costs, improving
             quality, and controlling risks”. Through optimized resource allocation and
             lean process management, the Group enhanced its operational resilience
             and delivery capabilities in complex environments.

             The Group consistently regards technological innovation as the core
             engine for driving sustainable business growth and strengthening the
             full-chain innovation of Li-ion batteries – encompassing materials, cells,
             systems, and applications – to build a technological system that supports
             diverse scenarios, thereby further enhancing product performance,
             adaptability and safety and steadily reinforcing its technological barriers.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          15
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                      Focusing on application scenarios such as green mobility, new energy
                      storage, industrial and commercial applications, and low-altitude
                      economy, the Group delivered reliable solutions. In the ESS field, the
                      Group led the construction of multiple industrial, commercial, and user-
                      side projects, achieving end-to-end independent R&D from project
                      development to operation and maintenance. In the commercial vehicle
                      field, Li-ion air conditioning batteries for trucks, covering starter, start-
                      stop and in-vehicle air conditioning systems, gained strong market
                      recognition. In the field of motive batteries for special industrial vehicles,
                      the Group’s battery products, with advantages such as high-rate
                      performance and high energy density, significantly enhanced the single-
                      charge endurance of equipment like electric forklifts and AGVs.




16                                                        TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                       Interim Report 2025


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             During the Reporting Period, the Group deepened its core market layout,
             achieving sales breakthroughs in multiple niche market segments. In the
             ESS and UPS sectors, the Group successfully delivered multiple projects
             and engaged in cooperative partnerships with several key clients,
             gradually expanding market opportunities. In the low-speed power
             sector, the Group served certain vehicle manufacturers and battery-
             swapping platforms while leveraging its existing sales channels to drive
             tangible sales. In terms of internationalization, the Group advanced its
             brand and ecosystem globalization, leveraging international professional
             exhibition platforms to promote core products and accelerate entry
             into overseas markets. Concurrently, the Group deepened strategic
             collaborations with international research institutions and industry
             associations, focusing on building a global ecosystem encompassing
             technical standards, service networks, and industrial synergies.

             Adhering to a long-term development philosophy, the Group forges
             robust capabilities through innovation and builds team expertise through
             practical experience, accumulating valuable insights in product iteration,
             project construction and market expansion to strengthen its foundation.
             The Group maintains firm confidence in the long-term value of its Li-ion
             battery business, adopting a strategically focused perspective to plan for
             the future, setting clear growth targets, creating value for customers, and
             injecting momentum into the industry.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                         17
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             2.       Solid-State Batteries

                      As the global market demand for high-performance batteries continues
                      to rise, solid-state batteries are expediting the industrialization process
                      with their significant technological advantages. The Group has led and
                      participated in the formulation of multiple international, national, and
                      industry standards in the technological R&D of solid-state batteries. The
                      Group achieved significant breakthroughs in three key product directions,
                      namely high specific energy, long cycle life, and high-rate performance.




18                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                       Interim Report 2025


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             During the Reporting Period, the Group made significant strides in the
             industrialization process of the solid-state battery. The new-generation
             battery, launched for the light electric vehicle sector, has garnered
             widespread industry attention due to its superior safety and high energy
             density. The low-temperature performance of the new-generation
             battery was significantly improved compared to traditional solutions, and
             when paired with a fast-charging system, it effectively reduced charging
             time. The Group has established strategic partnerships with leading
             two-wheeled vehicle enterprises. Concurrently, the Group introduced
             solid-state batteries for low-altitude sector. The Group collaborated with
             drone and robotics companies to advance scenario-based solution
             validation. Additionally, the Group actively participated in the 2025 China
             International Battery Fair (“CIBF”) and other exhibitions and forums,
             conducting thematic exchanges and completing product launches,
             steadily enhancing its industry influence.

      3.     Hydrogen Fuel Cells

             In the first half of 2025, the global hydrogen energy industry entered a
             critical development phase. The China Hydrogen Energy Development
             Report (2025) designated this year as a pivotal year for achieving an
             “economic inflection point”. With a full-chain, forward-looking R&D
             system and led by a team of over 100 experts, including national-level
             talents and seasoned fuel cell industry professionals, the Group has
             adopted “technological excellence and scenario innovation” as its driving
             force. During the industry’s incubation period, the Group has built
             substantial development momentum.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                         19
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                      On the technological front, the Group’s 80kW/130kW fuel cell systems and
                      100kW graphite bipolar plate stack have achieved domestically advanced
                      performance levels. It demonstrated strong performance advantages
                      in zero-carbon transportation scenarios such as public buses and
                      logistics, serving as an exemplary case of technological breakthroughs
                      in the industry. On the product front, the Group steadily advanced the
                      deployment of core products, achieving small-batch delivery of various
                      critical components and initiating iterative development of high-power
                      systems and fuel cell stacks. On the market front, the Group’s customer
                      ecosystem was steadily optimized, with the Group actively expanding its
                      cooperation network with vehicle manufacturers, logistics companies,
                      and shared mobility platforms, significantly enhancing the breadth and
                      depth of market coverage. The Group has secured orders for fuel cell
                      buses in multiple regions and bulk orders for hydrogen-powered two-
                      wheelers. The Group focused on application demonstrations and actual
                      operating conditions verifications in scenarios involving heavy-duty
                      trucks and special construction machinery.

             4.       Sodium-ion Batteries

                      With its wide temperature adaptability and resource endowment
                      advantages, sodium-ion battery is seen as a potential supplement to
                      the new energy system. During the Reporting Period, the Group seized
                      policy and market opportunities and adhered to a dual-track approach
                      of “technological breakthroughs” and “scenario implementation”,
                      continuously deepening the strategic R&D and application layout of
                      sodium-ion battery.




20                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                      Interim Report 2025


                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             The Group followed a strategy of “technological reserve, scenario
             validation, and steady advancement”, focusing on technological
             breakthroughs in respect of the cell, module, and system. Building on
             the technological foundation and product experience accumulated
             in the motive and ESS field, the Group further concentrated on the
             automotive starter and start-stop system. Leveraging the broad channel
             network, it deepened various application demonstrations and marketing
             promotions. During the Reporting Period, the R&D of new products, such
             as square cells for sodium-ion batteries, has been accelerated, providing
             solid technical support for expanding applications across multiple
             scenarios. The sodium-ion automotive battery products were showcased
             at exhibitions like CIBF, receiving positive market feedback for their
             excellent low-temperature performance.

             Currently, the Group has been continuously solidifying the foundation
             for the development of sodium-ion battery business in line with
             industry principles, aiming to build a strategic ecosystem of diversified
             technological synergy that provides strong support and growth
             momentum for the sustainable and steady development of its business.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                        21
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     (3)     Recycling Industry

             The Group focuses on the battery industry, systematically building a full lifecycle
             industry chain that integrates production, recycling, and reuse. It has established
             a dual-track recycling system for lead-acid batteries and lithium-ion batteries,
             achieving efficient resource regeneration and utilization. During the Reporting
             Period, the Group’s recycling industry recorded an external operating income of
             approximately RMB1,800 million.

             1.       Recycling of High-End Eco-Friendly Batteries

                      As a globally leading manufacturer of lead-acid batteries and one of
                      the recyclers of waste lead-acid batteries in terms of scale, the Group
                      remains committed to the effective utilization of resources, continuously
                      refining the systematic layout of its lead-acid battery recycling business
                      and strengthening the synergistic linkage between resource recycling
                      and its core operations. Despite industry challenges such as overcapacity
                      and profitability pressures, the Group’s recycling business maintained
                      strong resilience in capacity organization, network coverage, and
                      internal synergies, providing robust support for achieving sustainable
                      development goals. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s lead-acid
                      battery recycling business achieved an external operating income of
                      approximately RMB1,375 million.




22                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                         Interim Report 2025


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             Against the backdrop of the deepening “Dual Carbon” goals and the
             systematic upgrading of the resource recycling strategy, the Group’s
             lead-acid battery recycling business demonstrated efficient operations,
             leveraging its four circular economy industrial bases and over 15 years of
             industry expertise. The Group has established an annual recycling and
             processing capacity of over a million tonnes for waste lead-acid batteries,
             positioning it at a relatively leading level in the industry. Benefiting from
             close synergy with the Group’s battery manufacturing business and
             efficient linkage with its existing channel system, capacity utilization
             remained at a high level.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                           23
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                      In terms of channel, the Group deepened its waste lead-acid battery
                      recycling network. By the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held
                      recycling pilot qualifications in provinces including Zhejiang, Jiangsu and
                      Anhui and cooperated with over 300 recycling outlets covering a number
                      of provinces nationwide. Through a dual-driven model of socialized
                      recycling network and digital management platform, the Group further
                      densified its resource acquisition network. By leveraging its battery
                      sales network and after-sales system, the Group actively developed
                      a sustainable circular economy industry chain. This layout not only
                      enhanced raw material acquisition capabilities but also improved service
                      response efficiency and regional coordination.

                      Technological innovation remains the Group’s core competitive strength.
                      The Group has established a relatively comprehensive recycling and
                      processing workflow, covering pretreatment, crushing and sorting,
                      smelting and purification, exhaust gas treatment, and wastewater
                      purification, with a high level of automation. Through the application
                      of proprietary technologies, such as side-blown furnace processes
                      for capacity enhancement and cost reduction, and refining lead and
                      tellurium removal, the Group achieved dual breakthroughs in production
                      efficiency and cost optimization. Through years of technological
                      upgrades and process iterations, the metal recovery rate and energy
                      utilization rate of the Group’s lead-acid battery recycling business reached
                      relatively superior levels in the industry.




24                                                       TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2025


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             As industry standards rise and regulatory oversight intensifies, inefficient
             production capacities will face elimination pressures, while enterprises
             with scale, channel networks, and environmental compliance capabilities
             are poised to maintain a relative advantage in the new round of
             competition. The Group will continue to leverage its business synergies,
             technological foundation, and network system advantages, deepen
             front-end channel development, steadily advance production line
             optimization, prudently respond to external market changes, and expand
             the value integration space of the industry chain.

      2.     Recycling of Li-ion Batteries

             The Group places importance on the development of the Li-ion battery
             recycling and utilization system, actively responding to waste battery
             management policies and steadily transitioning its resource recycling
             system from “orderly layout” to “high-quality operations”. During the
             Reporting Period, the Group made systematic progress in its Li-ion
             battery recycling business, advancing process improvements, production
             line enhancements, channel development, and customer expansion. This
             has led to the establishment of the operational system with processing
             capabilities and exemplary value, achieving an operating income of
             approximately RMB425 million.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          25
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                      In February 2025, the State Council Executive Meeting of the PRC
                      reviewed and approved the Action Plan for Improving the New Energy
                      Vehicle Power Battery Recycling and Utilization System. In June 2025, the
                      General Office of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the PRC
                      issued the Notice on Regulating the Import Management of Recycled
                      Black Masses and Recycled Steel Raw Materials for Lithium-ion Batteries,
                      marking the first time imports of recycled black masses were permitted.
                      According to forecasts by Zhongshang Industry Research Institute, the
                      scale of retired motive batteries in China is expected to reach 1.04 million
                      tonnes by 2025, with a minor peak in retirements expected between
                      2025 and 2027, and will reach 3.50 million tonnes by 2030. The systematic
                      policy support and vast market growth potential provide strong
                      momentum for the sustainable development of the Group’s Li-ion battery
                      recycling industry.




26                                                       TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2025


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             In terms of the recycling technology system, the Group has established
             a comprehensive technical framework, covering retired Li-ion batteries
             performance testing, crushing and sorting, pyrolysis enrichment, deep
             reduction, and high-efficiency separation. This system achieves recovery
             rates of over 98.5% for cobalt, nickel, and manganese, and over 92%
             for lithium, placing it at an industry-leading level. During the Reporting
             Period, the Group’s independently developed “Method and Device for
             Copper-Aluminum Sorting of Waste Li-ion Batteries” received national
             patent authorization, achieving a qualitative leap in copper-aluminum
             sorting efficiency and precision, setting a new industry benchmark for
             intelligent sorting. Through collaboration with research institutions
             such as the Institute of Process Engineering of the Chinese Academy of
             Sciences and Central South University, the Group deepened industry-
             academia-research joint efforts to tackle key technologies. The project “Key
             Technologies and Applications for High-Value Clean Recycling of Retired
             Ternary Power Batteries” received the Zhejiang Science and Technology
             Progress Award. Additionally, the Group was recognized as the “National
             Patent Industrialization Sample Enterprise” and the “Green Factory”.

             In terms of recycling capacity development, the Group focused on
             standardization, scale, and environmental compliance, promoting the
             orderly implementation of base projects and has achieved a processing
             capacity of more than 70,000 tonnes, with capacity utilization exceeding
             the industry average and operational efficiency continuing to improve
             steadily. The Group independently developed multiple targeted
             processing pathways for different battery types, achieving breakthroughs
             in hydrometallurgical methods. Its products meet the requirements of
             mainstream customers, demonstrating stable batch delivery capabilities.
             The Group has passed the system certification of several key customers
             and established preliminary cooperation with them, enhancing market
             recognition.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          27
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                      Regarding recycling channel development, the Group continued to
                      strengthen full-chain resource synergy and deepen channel expansion,
                      efficiently integrating upstream and downstream resources. In 2025, the
                      Group actively advanced its urban mining project strategy, establishing
                      integrated wet and dry processing bases, regional recycling bases, and
                      recycling outlets to build a comprehensive recycling network covering
                      key regions. In terms of channel expansion, the Group explored diverse
                      models such as reverse recycling through outlets, collaboration with ride-
                      hailing platforms, and integration with battery-swapping networks to
                      enhance end-point recycling efficiency. Concurrently, the Group actively
                      pursued cooperative engagements with vehicle manufacturers, battery
                      dismantling enterprises, and insurance institutions, exploring feasible
                      pathways for targeted recycling mechanisms to broaden recycling
                      sources and strengthen front-end resource acquisition capabilities,
                      thereby building momentum for the development of its Li-ion battery
                      recycling business.

                      Facing the early-stage development of the Li-ion battery recycling
                      industry and its overall profitability pressures, the Group maintains
                      strategic focus, prioritizing foundational capacity building. It strives to
                      gradually unleash the environmental value and economic value of its
                      recycling business as the industry moves toward standardization, policy
                      refinement, and economies of scale.




28                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2025


                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


STRATEGIC PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT DIRECTION
The Group will steadfastly implement its development philosophy of strategic
guidance, reform breakthrough, anchoring on the three-pronged approach of “industry,
technology, and capital” to build a four-dimensional development system encompassing
“technological innovation leadership, intelligent manufacturing upgrades, circular
ecological synergy, and global market expansion”. The Group aims to consolidate
the core business advantages of its lead-acid battery business, accelerate the R&D,
application, and market expansion of new energy battery technologies such as Li-ion
batteries and solid-state batteries, advance battery recycling and resource regeneration
capabilities, and enhance the integration and synergy efficiency of the industry chain.
Concurrently, the Group accelerates its overseas market layout and localized operational
capacity building, extending toward manufacturing and service systems, and develops
into a company that is competitive with a global vision.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          29
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Multi-technology synergy, building an innovation engine for leading change. The
     Group will focus on the synergistic development of multiple technology roadmaps,
     including “lead, lithium, solid-state, hydrogen, and sodium”, systematically strengthening
     independent innovation capabilities across “materials, cells, systems, and scenarios”. It
     will prioritize key technological directions such as solid-state batteries and hydrogen
     fuel cell stacks, steadily advancing the R&D reserves, and application transformation of
     these technologies. Simultaneously, the Group will deepen industry-academia-research
     collaborations with top-tier research institutions, actively participate in the formulation
     of core technical standards, strengthen its innovation foundation, and enhance the
     forward-looking and systematic nature of its technology system to support the long-
     term development of emerging businesses.

     Digital and intelligent upgrades, solidifying the core pillar for high-quality development.
     The Group will regard intelligent manufacturing as a key strategic direction, steadily
     advancing the upgrading of full-process digital management systems. It will apply new
     manufacturing models such as “5G factories” to achieve improvements in production
     efficiency and energy utilization. The Group will also promote the application of clean
     power and the development of a carbon asset management system, optimizing the
     environmental performance of manufacturing processes. The integrated application
     of cutting-edge technologies and business processes will drive the enhancement of
     supply chain synergy and operational improvement, providing robust support for the
     sustainable development of the manufacturing system.




30                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                            Interim Report 2025


                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Circular economy system, driving intrinsic momentum for value reshaping. The Group
is committed to establishing an efficient recycling network with robust front-end reach
and back-end processing efficiency, promoting the dual-track operation of lead-acid
battery and Li-ion battery recycling. It aims to streamline the full process from collection,
processing, and reuse, enhancing the integration and operational precision of lead-acid
battery recycling channels while strengthening differentiated pathway layouts for Li-
ion battery recycling, deepening core regions and key scenarios for resource synergy.
By tapping into technological potential and optimizing system performance, the Group
will gradually unlock the scale advantages and economic value of its circular system,
injecting lasting momentum into the industry.

Globalization strategy, expanding the boundaries of sustained growth. The Group
positions globalization as a driving force for growth, focusing on the penetration and
implementation of its competitive industries in key regions. The Group is accelerating
the development of localized manufacturing, service, and operational systems in
strategic markets such as Vietnam, systematically advancing product adaptation, channel
development, and brand penetration to steadily enhance global resource allocation
capabilities and service response efficiency. Simultaneously, the Group is committed
to promoting its proprietary technologies and competitive products to international
markets and gradually integrating into the global industry system. Leveraging its deep
engineering capabilities and industry expertise, the Group will accelerate the refinement
of its overseas layout to enhance global competitiveness.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                              31
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The Group firmly believes that it will consolidate its leading edge in the fiercely
     competitive industry. Upholding its core philosophy of “providing sustainable solutions
     for global green energy”, the Group will drive industry upgrades through technology
     innovation, enhance operational efficiency through digitalization and intelligence,
     reshape value chains through ecosystem synergy, and unlock incremental growth
     through global expansion. This approach will foster the deep integration and mutual
     growth of corporate and societal value, thereby creating an innovative paradigm for
     sustainable, high-quality growth.

     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Turnover

     The Group’s turnover for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB24,192 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately 51.53% as compared with the same period last
     year, mainly due to the decrease in turnover of trading business. Specifically, turnover
     from the manufacturing industry was RMB21,168 million, representing a decrease of
     approximately 0.20% as compared with the same period last year; turnover from trading
     was RMB3,024 million, representing a decrease of approximately 89.47% as compared
     with the same period last year.

     Gross profit

     The gross profit for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB2,537 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately 0.34% as compared with the same period
     last year. Specifically, the gross profit margin of the manufacturing industry was
     approximately 11.93%, representing a decrease of approximately 0.20 percentage points
     as compared with the same period last year. It was mainly attributable to the decrease in
     gross profit margin of low-speed power batteries and industrial batteries.

     Other income

     The Group’s other income for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB889 million
     (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: approximately RMB1,242 million), representing
     a decrease of approximately 28.40% as compared with the same period last year. It was
     mainly attributable to the decrease in government subsidies and interest income.




32                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2025


                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Distribution and selling expenses

Distribution and selling expenses decreased to approximately RMB592 million for the
Reporting Period from approximately RMB643 million in the same period last year, which
was mainly attributable to the decrease in travelling fees and transportation fees.

Administrative expenses

Administrative expenses decreased to approximately RMB561 million for the Reporting
Period from approximately RMB651 million in the same period last year, which was
mainly attributable to the decrease in staff remuneration and office expenses.

Research and development costs

R&D costs remained substantially unchanged at approximately RMB942 million for
the Reporting Period from approximately RMB942 million in the same period last year,
which was mainly attributable to the Company’s continued investment in research and
development to maintain its industry-leading technological position and support the
launch of new products.

Finance costs

Finance costs decreased to approximately RMB235 million for the Reporting Period from
approximately RMB282 million in the same period last year, which was mainly due to the
decrease in loan size and loan interest.

Operating activities cash flow

The net cash flow generated from operating activities of the Group changed to net cash
inflow of approximately RMB891 million for the Reporting Period from net cash outflow
of approximately RMB162 million in the same period last year. It was mainly attributable
to the increase in the inventory scale and receivable management of the Group.

As at 30 June 2025, the equity attributable to the owners of the Company amounted
to approximately RMB16,785 million (31 December 2024: approximately RMB16,161
million). The Group’s capital structure is equity attributable to owners of the Company,
comprising issued share capital, reserves and accumulated profits.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          33
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     As at 30 June 2025, the Group had total assets of approximately RMB55,121 million,
     which decreased by approximately 0.29% as compared with approximately RMB55,281
     million as at 31 December 2024. Among them, the total current assets increased by
     approximately 1.68% to approximately RMB33,776 million and the total non-current
     assets decreased by approximately 3.25% to approximately RMB21,345 million as
     compared with the amount as at 31 December 2024. The increase in the current assets
     was mainly due to the increase in account receivables and value added tax received. The
     decrease in the non-current assets was mainly due to the decrease in restricted bank
     deposits.

     As at 30 June 2025, the total liabilities of the Group were approximately RMB35,611
     million, which decreased by approximately 2.09% as compared with approximately
     RMB36,372 million as at 31 December 2024. Among them, the total current liabilities
     decreased by approximately 1.50% to approximately RMB28,832 million and the total
     non-current liabilities decreased by approximately 4.51% to approximately RMB6,779
     million as at 31 December 2024. The decrease in the current liabilities was mainly due
     to the decrease in bills payable and short-term loans held by the Group. The decrease in
     the non-current liabilities was mainly due to the decrease in long-term borrowings.

     As at 30 June 2025, the cash and bank balances of the Group (including pledged bank
     deposits and bank deposits) were approximately RMB18,598 million (31 December
     2024: approximately RMB21,410 million), of which approximately RMB225 million and
     approximately RMB18 million are denominated in US dollars and Hong Kong dollars,
     respectively. As at 30 June 2025, the interest bearing borrowings and loan notes
     (together, “interest bearing loans”) of the Group with maturity of within one year
     amounted to approximately RMB12,030 million (31 December 2024: approximately
     RMB12,726 million). The interest bearing loans with maturity of more than one year
     amounted to approximately RMB5,235 million (31 December 2024: approximately
     RMB5,823 million). The interest bearing loans were approximately RMB17,265 million.
     The loans denominated in RMB had fixed interest rates ranging from approximately
     2.11% to 5.50% (2024: approximately 2.22% to 5.50%) per annum. In conclusion, the
     borrowings of the Group as at 30 June 2025 remained at a healthy and controllable
     level. With unutilised credit facilities of approximately RMB25,215 million, the Group will
     take a cautious stance and maximise the interests of the shareholders and the Company
     in striking a balance between borrowings and funding utilisation. Moreover, with
     continuously improving the fund structure as its financial objective in the long run, the
     Group will optimise its loan structure with further use of long term loans.




34                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                       Interim Report 2025


                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Pledge of assets

As at 30 June 2025, the bank facilities and bank borrowings of the Group were secured
by its bank deposits, bills receivables, property, plant and equipment, and land use
rights. The aggregate net book value of the assets pledged amounted to approximately
RMB11,085 million (31 December 2024: approximately RMB14,039 million).

Gearing ratio

As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio, defined as the percentage of the sum of
current and non-current portions of interest bearing loans against the total assets, was
approximately 31.32% (31 December 2024: approximately 33.55%).

Exposure to exchange rate fluctuations

As the Group’s operations were mainly conducted in China and the majority of its
businesses were transacted in RMB, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) is of the view
that the Company’s operating cash flow and liquidity are not subject to significant
foreign exchange rate risk.

Contingent liabilities

The Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2025 (31
December 2024: Nil).

Capital commitments

The amount contracted for but not stated in the condensed consolidated financial
statements in respect of the acquisition of property, plant and equipment as at 30 June
2025 was approximately RMB1,402 million (31 December 2024: approximately RMB1,592
million).




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                         35
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Employees and remuneration policies

     As at 30 June 2025, the Group employed a total of 20,709 employees (30 June 2024:
     21,929). Staff cost of the Group for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB1,335
     million (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: approximately RMB1,601 million). The
     cost included basic salaries and staff benefits such as discretionary bonus, medical and
     insurance plans, pension scheme, unemployment insurance plan, etc. Competitive
     remuneration packages were offered to employees by the Group. The Group has
     adopted incentive programs to encourage employees’ performance and a range of
     training programs for the development of its staff.

     Interim dividend

     The Board does not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the Reporting
     Period (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: Nil).

     Significant investments held

     There were no significant investments held by the Group as at 30 June 2025.

     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

     As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss mainly
     included unlisted financial products purchased from commercial banks. The following
     table summarises the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as at 30
     June 2025:




36                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2025


                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                                                                                               Percentage
                                                                                                                                   of total
                                                                                          Investment         Fair value       assets of the
                                 Product                           Principal            cost/nominal               as at    Company as at
Issuer                           category                          activities                   value    30 June 2025        30 June 2025
                                                                                             (RMB’000)        (RMB’000)

Luso International               Structured deposit                Banking services        300,000.00       300,000.00               0.54%
ICBC                             Structured deposit                Banking services        300,000.00       300,000.00               0.54%
Guangfa Bank                     Wealth management product         Banking services        300,000.00       300,000.00               0.54%
EverGrowing Bank                 Wealth management product         Banking services        200,000.00       200,000.00               0.36%
Hua Xia Bank                     Wealth management product         Banking services        100,000.00       100,000.00               0.18%
CCB                              Wealth management product         Banking services        200,000.00       200,000.00               0.36%
BoCom                            Wealth management product         Banking services        199,000.00       199,000.00               0.36%
Bank of Jinhua                   Wealth management product         Banking services        200,000.00       200,000.00               0.36%
Minsheng Bank                    Wealth management product         Banking services        100,000.00       100,000.00               0.18%
Bank of Ningbo                   Wealth management product         Banking services        200,000.00       200,000.00               0.36%
Ping An Bank                     Wealth management product         Banking services        300,000.00       300,000.00               0.54%
Pudong Development Bank          Wealth management product         Banking services         13,000.00        13,000.00               0.02%
China Merchants Bank             Wealth management product         Banking services         32,000.00        32,000.00               0.06%
CITIC Bank                       Wealth management product         Banking services        200,000.00       200,000.00               0.36%
CITIC Securities                 Wealth management product         Banking services        300,000.00       300,000.00               0.54%
BOC                              Wealth management product         Banking services        300,000.00       300,000.00               0.54%

Listed company                   Equity securities listed in China                          17,917.49         14,510.26              0.03%
Listed company                   Equity securities listed in Hong Kong                      29,035.94         29,526.24              0.05%

Changxing Meishan Fumei          Equity investments                Equity investments        6,000.00          6,000.00              0.01%
   Equity Investment Partnership
   (Limited Partnership)




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                                                          37
     Interim Report 2025


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL
     The Group has no material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint
     ventures during the Reporting Period.

     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     For details, please refer to note 20 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

     IMPORTANT EVENT SINCE THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
     Proposed Issuance of Corporate Bonds and Targeted Debt Financing
     Instruments by Subsidiaries of the Company in the PRC

     Tianneng Batter y Group Co., Ltd.* (天能電池集團股份有限公司), a company
     established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability and an indirect subsidiary
     of the Company which is controlled by the Company as to approximately 86.53%
     and whose shares are listed on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of
     the Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”) (SSE stock code: 688819) (“Tianneng Share”),
     proposed to apply to the SSE for the registration and issuance of the corporate bonds
     of an aggregate principal amount of up to RMB2 billion (including RMB2 billion) (the
     “Corporate Bonds”) with a term of up to five years (including five years) from the date
     of issuance. The Corporate Bonds are proposed to be issued to qualified professional
     investors in one or more tranches.

     The proposed issuance of the Corporate Bonds is subject to the finalization of the
     issuance structure and details and the approval of the shareholders of Tianneng Share
     at its general meeting(s) and the approvals of the SSE and the relevant regulatory
     authority(ies).




38                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                            Interim Report 2025


                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Tianneng Holding Group Co., Ltd.* (天能控股集團有限公司), a company established
under the laws of the PRC with limited liability and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company (“Tianneng Holding”), proposed to apply to the National Association
of Financial Market Institutional Investors (中國銀行間市場交易商協會) (“NAFMII”)
for registration and issuance of targeted debt financing instruments with an aggregate
principal amount of up to RMB2 billion (including RMB2 billion) (the “Targeted Debt
Financing Instruments”) with a term of up to five years (including five years) from the
date of issuance. The Targeted Debt Financing Instruments are proposed to be issued to
specialized institutional investors and selected specific institutional investors (if any) in
the interbank bond market of the PRC in one or more tranches.

The proposed issuance of the Targeted Debt Financing Instruments is subject to the
finalization of the issuance structure and details and the approval and consent of
appropriate body of Tianneng Holding and the approvals of the relevant regulatory
authorities (including the NAFMII).

For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 1 August 2025.

* For identification purposes only




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                              39
     Interim Report 2025


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     The Company is committed to ensuring high standards of corporate governance. The
     Board believes that good corporate governance practices are increasingly important
     for maintaining and promoting investors’ confidence. The Company has adopted and
     complied with the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as
     contained in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
     the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) during the Reporting Period, except for the code
     provision C.2.1 of the CG Code. Dr. Zhang Tianren is both the chairman (“Chairman”)
     and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the Company who is responsible for managing
     the Group’s business. The Board considers that vesting the roles of Chairman and CEO
     in the same person facilitates the execution of the Company’s business strategies and
     maximizes the effectiveness of its operation. With the present Board structure and scope
     of business, the Board considers that there is no imminent need to separate the roles
     into two individuals. However, the Board will continue to review the effectiveness of the
     Group’s corporate governance structure to assess whether the separation of the position
     of the Chairman and CEO is necessary.

     The primary duties of the Company’s audit committee (inter alia) are to review the
     financial reporting system, the risk management and internal control systems of the
     Group, and to make proposals to the Board as to appointment, renewal and resignation
     of the Company’s independent external auditors and the related remuneration and
     appointment terms. The Company’s audit committee has reviewed this interim report
     with the management of the Company and the Company’s independent external
     auditors and recommended its adoption by the Board.

     The interim financial information of the Group in this report has not been audited.
     However, it has been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34
     “Interim Financial Reporting” and has been reviewed by the Company’s independent
     external auditors, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, in accordance with the Hong Kong
     Standard on Review Engagement 2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information
     Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”.

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
     Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Having
     made specific enquiry of all Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have complied
     with the required standard for securities transactions set out in the Model Code
     throughout the Reporting Period.

     Other than the above disclosures, the Company has also complied with Rules 3.10(1),
     3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules and appointed three independent non-executive
     Directors including one with financial management expertise.



40                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                       Interim Report 2025


REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




To the Board of Directors of
Tianneng Power International Limited

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Tianneng Power
International Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as
the “Group”) set out on pages 43 to 81, which comprise the condensed consolidated
statement of financial position as of 30 June 2025 and the related condensed
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed
consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement
of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim
financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong
Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) as issued by
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). The directors of
the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these condensed
consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is
to express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based
on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance
with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review
Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the
Independent Auditor of the Entity” as issued by the HKICPA. A review of these condensed
consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons
responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other
review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable
us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might
be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                         41
     Interim Report 2025


     REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     CONCLUSION

     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe
     that the condensed consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material
     respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     28 August 2025




42                                                  TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                               Interim Report 2025


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended 30 June 2025

                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                      2025              2024
                                        NOTES      RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                (unaudited)       (unaudited)

Revenue                                   3      24,191,916        49,914,629
Cost of sales                                   (21,655,008)      (47,368,947)

Gross profit                                     2,536,908           2,545,682
Other income                              5        889,227           1,241,994
Other gains and losses                    6          4,059             134,110
Impairment losses under
  expected credit loss model,
  net of reversal                        15         10,762             (35,850)
Distribution and selling expenses                 (592,053)           (643,409)
Administrative expenses                           (561,364)           (650,672)
Research and development costs                    (941,991)           (942,157)
Share of results of associates                      (6,272)               (620)
Finance costs                                     (235,375)           (282,162)

Profit before tax                                1,103,901           1,366,916
Income tax expense                        7       (181,423)           (301,309)

Profit for the period                     8        922,478           1,065,607




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                 43
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
     AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025

                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2025               2024
                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                    (unaudited)        (unaudited)

     Other comprehensive expense:

     Item that will not be reclassified to
        profit or loss:
     Fair value loss on investments in equity
        instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income
        (“FVTOCI”), net of income tax                    (18,139)          (25,224)

     Item that may be reclassified
        subsequently to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences arising on
        translation of foreign operations                   (431)                –

     Other comprehensive expense for the
       period, net of income tax                         (18,570)          (25,224)

     Total comprehensive income for the
       period                                           903,908          1,040,383

     Profit for the period attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                            819,768            928,222
       Non-controlling interests                        102,710            137,385

                                                        922,478          1,065,607




44                                              TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                              Interim Report 2025


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2025

                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                      2025             2024
                                        NOTES      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                (unaudited)      (unaudited)

Total comprehensive income for the
  period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                            801,198           902,998
  Non-controlling interests                        102,710           137,385

                                                   903,908          1,040,383

Earnings per share                       10
  – Basic (RMB cents)                                72.80              82.43

  – Diluted (RMB cents)                              72.80              81.24




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                45
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
     POSITION
     At 30 June 2025

                                                             30/06/2025         31/12/2024
                                                NOTES          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)           (audited)

     Non-current Assets
      Property, plant and equipment              11          13,983,175         14,223,807
      Right-of-use assets                        11           1,313,229          1,338,989
      Goodwill                                                      499                499
      Interests in associates                                   346,483            315,515
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI                              215,584            246,553
      Deferred tax assets                        12             996,979            917,023
      Prepayments for acquisition of
        property, plant and equipment                           315,152             252,118
      Loan receivables                                           82,827             122,452
      Pledged/restricted bank deposits                        4,091,090           4,645,820

                                                             21,345,018         22,062,776

     Current Assets
       Inventories                                            8,295,490           8,283,938
       Properties under development for
          sale/properties for sale                            1,070,069           1,009,158
       Bills, trade and other receivables        13           5,738,203           4,581,076
       Loan receivables                                         522,017             658,540
       Amounts due from related parties          24              19,227              13,728
       Debt instruments at FVTOCI                14             329,160             397,042
       Financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss (“FVTPL”)               16           3,294,036           1,510,436
       Pledged/restricted bank deposits                       5,203,066           7,624,484
       Cash and cash equivalents                              9,304,289           9,139,377

                                                             33,775,557         33,217,779




46                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                              Interim Report 2025


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
POSITION (CONTINUED)
At 30 June 2025

                                                 30/06/2025      31/12/2024
                                        NOTES      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                (unaudited)        (audited)

Current liabilities
  Bills, trade and other payables        17     13,369,973        13,292,894
  Amounts due to related parties         24        152,468           114,969
  Derivative financial instruments       16         11,308                 –
  Taxation liabilities                             199,869           383,422
  Borrowings – current portion           18     12,030,207        12,720,516
  Lease liabilities                                  3,826             5,427
  Provisions                                       499,614           500,550
  Contract liabilities                           2,565,033         2,254,577

                                                28,832,298        29,272,355

Net Current Assets                               4,943,259          3,945,424

Total Assets less Current Liabilities           26,288,277        26,008,200

Non-current liabilities
 Deferred tax liabilities                12         56,167             80,769
 Borrowings – non-current portion        18      5,234,804          5,800,964
 Lease liabilities                                  21,994             21,884
 Deferred government grants                      1,465,805          1,195,660

                                                 6,778,770          7,099,277

Net assets                                      19,509,507        18,908,923




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                47
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
     POSITION (CONTINUED)
     At 30 June 2025

                                                           30/06/2025         31/12/2024
                                              NOTES          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                          (unaudited)           (audited)

     Capital and reserves
       Share capital                           19             109,850            109,850
       Share premium and reserves                          16,675,508         16,050,716

       Equity attributable to owners of the
         Company                                           16,785,358         16,160,566
       Non-controlling interests                            2,724,149          2,748,357

     Total Equity                                          19,509,507         18,908,923




48                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2025


                                                                                                             INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY
For the six months ended 30 June 2025

                                                                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                Share     Investment                    Statutory Discretionary                                        Non-
                                                                Share       Share    Special    Capital       options     revaluation    Translation      surplus       surplus    Retained                      controlling
                                                               capital   premium     reserve    reserve       reserve         reserve        reserve reserve fund reserve fund       profits        Subtotal       interests         Total
                                                              RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


At 1 January 2025 (audited)                                   109,850    778,567     10,000    3,326,608             –      (265,915)            237     1,563,441     143,212    10,494,566      16,160,566      2,748,357     18,908,923
Profit for the period                                               –          –          –            –             –             –               –             –           –       819,768         819,768        102,710        922,478
Other comprehensive expense for the period                          –          –          –            –             –       (18,139)           (431)            –           –             –         (18,570)             –        (18,570)

Total comprehensive (expense) income for the period                 –           –         –             –            –       (18,139)           (431)            –            –     819,768         801,198        102,710        903,908

Dividend recognised as distribution (note 9)                        –          –          –             –            –             –                 –           –           –      (176,406)       (176,406)             –       (176,406)
Dividend paid/payable to non-controlling interests                  –          –          –             –            –             –                 –           –           –             –               –       (102,545)      (102,545)
Transfer of investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI             –          –          –             –            –         2,588                 –           –           –        (2,588)              –              –              –
Repurchase of shares of a subsidiary                                –          –          –             –            –             –                 –           –           –             –               –        (25,123)       (25,123)
Recognition of equity-settled share based payment (note 20)         –          –          –             –            –             –                 –           –           –             –               –            750            750

At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                   109,850    778,567     10,000    3,326,608             –      (281,466)           (194)    1,563,441     143,212    11,135,340      16,785,358      2,724,149     19,509,507

At 1 January 2024 (audited)                                    109,850    778,567     10,000    3,658,601       33,395       (176,745)               –    1,521,149     143,212     9,781,851      15,859,880      2,584,743     18,444,623
Profit for the period                                                –          –          –            –            –              –                –            –           –       928,222         928,222        137,385      1,065,607
Other comprehensive expense for the period                           –          –          –            –            –        (25,224)               –            –           –             –         (25,224)             –        (25,224)

Total comprehensive (expense) income for the period                 –           –         –             –            –        (25,224)               –           –            –      928,222         902,998         137,385      1,040,383

Dividend recognised as distribution (note 9)                        –          –          –             –            –              –                –           –           –       (440,832)       (440,832)             –       (440,832)
Dividend paid/payable to non-controlling interests                  –          –          –             –            –              –                –           –           –              –               –        (90,328)       (90,328)
Acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary (note)           –          –          –      (331,993)           –              –                –           –           –              –        (331,993)       121,993       (210,000)
Repurchase of shares of a subsidiary                                –          –          –             –            –              –                –           –           –              –               –         (1,119)        (1,119)
Lapse of share options (note 20)                                    –          –          –             –      (33,395)             –                –           –           –         33,395               –              –              –
Recognition of equity-settled share based payment (note 20)         –          –          –             –            –              –                –           –           –              –               –          2,107          2,107

At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                    109,850    778,567     10,000    3,326,608            –       (201,969)               –    1,521,149     143,212    10,302,636      15,990,053      2,754,781     18,744,834



Note:                    On 25 January 2024, a Share Transfer Agreement was entered into by Saft Groupe SAS, Tianneng Battery
                         Group Co., Ltd. 天能電池集團股份有限公司 (“Tianneng Share”, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of
                         the Company), Zhejiang Changxing Tianneng Power Co., Ltd. 浙江長興天能電源有限公司 (an indirect non-
                         wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) and Zhejiang Tianneng Energy Storage Technology Development
                         Co., Ltd. 浙江天能儲能科技發展有限公司 (formerly known as Tianneng SAFT Energy Co., Ltd. 天能帥福得
                         能源股份有限公司, “Tianneng SAFT”, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company). Pursuant
                         to the Share Transfer Agreement, Tianneng Share agreed to acquire 40% equity interest in Tianneng SAFT
                         from Saft Groupe SAS with a cash consideration of RMB210,000,000. The Group’s interest in Tianneng SAFT
                         increased from 60% to 100% accordingly upon the completion of the transaction. The increase of the Group’s
                         equity interests in Tianneng SAFT from 60% to 100% did not result in the change of the Group’s control
                         over Tianneng SAFT and is accordingly accounted for as an equity transaction. The surplus of approximately
                         RMB331,993,000, representing the difference between the consideration of RMB210,000,000 and the amount
                         of deficit of non-controlling interests of approximately RMB121,993,000, was debited to the capital reserve.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                                                                                                                                                           49
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                2025               2024
                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                          (unaudited)        (unaudited)

     Net cash from (used in) operating activities             890,857           (161,605)

     Investing activities
       Interest received                                      120,080            296,844
       Acquisition of investments in associates               (24,364)              (293)
       Proceeds from disposal of property, plant
         and equipment                                         23,671             23,775
       Purchase of and prepayments paid for
         the acquisition of property, plant and
         equipment                                           (965,351)         (1,403,319)
       Repayment of deposit received for disposal
         of a subsidiary                                             –           (67,056)
       Payments for leasehold lands                             (1,504)                –
       Proceeds from disposal of equity instruments
         at FVTPL                                              76,638                   –
       Purchase of equity instruments at FVTPL                      –              (4,112)
       Placement of structured bank deposits              (11,851,000)         (2,280,000)
       Withdrawal of structured bank deposits              10,027,517           2,158,301
       Placement of pledged/restricted
         bank deposits                                     (5,038,110)         (8,960,118)
       Withdrawal of pledged/restricted
         bank deposits                                      8,014,258          5,242,219
       Asset-related government grants received               313,523             66,083
       Cash inflow from derivative financial
         instruments                                                 –           149,559
       Cash outflow from derivative financial
         instruments                                           (25,441)                 –
       Payment to independent third parties for
         loan receivables                                    (212,129)          (248,351)
       Receipt of repayment for loan receivables              380,181            614,781

     Net cash from (used in) investing activities             837,969          (4,411,687)




50                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                               Interim Report 2025


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
(CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                      2025              2024
                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                (unaudited)       (unaudited)

Financing activities
  New borrowings raised                          11,571,095        10,289,325
  Repayments of borrowings                      (12,829,946)       (5,070,382)
  Dividends paid                                   (175,311)                –
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests      (102,545)          (90,328)
  Repayment of lease liabilities                     (2,084)           (4,360)
  Repurchase of shares of a subsidiary              (25,123)           (1,119)
  Acquisition of non-controlling interest in
    a subsidiary                                          –           (210,000)

Net cash (used in) from financing activities     (1,563,914)         4,913,136

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents          164,912            339,844
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
  the period                                      9,139,377          9,455,594

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of
  the period, represented by cash and
  cash equivalents                                9,304,289          9,795,438




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                 51
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025

     1.      BASIS OF PREPARATION
             Tianneng Power International Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated and
             registered as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands
             under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands on 16 November 2004 and
             its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong
             Kong Stock Exchange”) with effect from 11 June 2007. The Company and its
             subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the “Group”.

             The Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in
             Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency of the Company.

             The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
             accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial
             Reporting ” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
             (“HKICPA”) as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules
             Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




52                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                          Interim Report 2025


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the
      historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments, which are measured
      at fair values.

      Other than additional accounting policies resulting from application of
      amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards, the accounting policies and
      methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial
      statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 are the same as those
      presented in the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
      ended 31 December 2024.

      Application of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards

      In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments
      to a HKFRS Accounting Standard issued by the HKICPA, for the first time, which
      are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January
      2025 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial
      statements:

      Amendments to HKAS 21                     Lack of Exchangeability

      The application of the amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard in the
      current interim period has had no material impact on the Group’s financial
      positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the
      disclosures set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                            53
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     3.      REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
             Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                               2025               2024
                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                         (unaudited)        (unaudited)

             An analysis of revenue is as follows:

             Manufacturing business
               Lead-acid battery products                 18,292,243         19,252,492
               Renewable resources product                 1,800,192          1,554,325
               Lithium-ion battery products                  501,247            182,549
               Others                                        574,554            221,601
             Trading                                       3,023,680         28,703,662

                                                          24,191,916         49,914,629

             Geographical markets
              Mainland China                              23,966,127         49,785,894
              Others                                         225,789            128,735

                                                          24,191,916         49,914,629

             Timing of revenue recognition
               A point in time                            24,162,283         49,858,818
               Over time                                      29,633             55,811

                                                          24,191,916         49,914,629




54                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                      Interim Report 2025


                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


4.    SEGMENT INFORMATION
      The operation of the Group constitutes two operating and reportable segments,
      (1) manufacturing business and (2) trading, which are the same as those
      presented in the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
      ended 31 December 2024.

      The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and
      reportable segments for the period:

                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2025                 2024
                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                    (unaudited)          (unaudited)

      Segment revenue
      Manufacturing business
        – external sales                            21,168,236            21,210,967
        – inter-segment sales                                –                    21
      Trading
        – external sales                              3,023,680           28,703,662
        – inter-segment sales                         1,054,562            3,642,188

      Segment revenue                               25,246,478            53,556,838
      Eliminations                                  (1,054,562)           (3,642,209)

      Group revenue                                 24,191,916            49,914,629

      Segment result
      Manufacturing business                            925,629             1,115,429
      Trading                                            12,596               (37,282)

                                                        938,225             1,078,147

      Unallocated
      Other gains and losses                               4,059                (6,506)
      Share of results of associates                      (6,272)                 (620)
      Corporate administrative expenses                   (3,899)               (3,259)
      Financial costs                                     (9,635)               (2,155)

      Profit for the period                             922,478             1,065,607



TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                        55
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     5.      OTHER INCOME
                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2025                    2024
                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)             (unaudited)

             Government grants
               – grants related to income (note i)                     675,669                 850,730
               – grants related to assets (note ii)                     43,378                  33,786
             Interest income                                           120,080                 296,844
             Income from sales of scrap materials                       47,059                  59,989
             Dividend income                                             3,041                     645

                                                                       889,227               1,241,994

             Notes:

             i.       The government grants related to income mainly represent unconditional
                      government subsidies received from relevant government bodies to encourage
                      the operations of certain subsidiaries. The government grants are accounted for as
                      immediate financial support with no future related costs expected to be incurred
                      and are not related to any assets.

             ii.      The government grants related to assets mainly represent government subsidies
                      obtained in relation to the acquisition of land use right or equipment of certain
                      subsidiaries of the Group, which were included in the condensed consolidated
                      statement of financial position as deferred government grants and credited to
                      profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term of the land use right or
                      the useful life of the equipment.




56                                                           TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                   Interim Report 2025


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


6.    OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2025              2024
                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                    (unaudited)       (unaudited)

      Gains (losses) from changes in fair value
        of financial assets at FVTPL
        – structured bank deposits                       34,417             8,301
        – investments in listed equity securities         2,944            (7,865)
        – foreign currency forward contracts            (15,811)           (1,747)
        – commodity derivative contracts                (21,544)          173,292
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and
        equipment                                       (8,659)            (15,671)
      Net foreign exchange losses                       (2,382)            (35,983)
      Others                                            15,094              13,783

                                                         4,059            134,110




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                     57
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     7.      INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)          (unaudited)

             People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
               Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)
               – Current tax                                    264,300              175,863

             Deferred tax (note 12)
              Current period                                     (82,877)            125,446

                                                                181,423              301,309

             The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands and Tianneng
             International Investment Holdings Limited was incorporated in the British Virgin
             Islands (the “BVI”) and as such are tax exempted as no business carried out in the
             Cayman Islands and the BVI under the tax laws of the Cayman Islands and the
             BVI, respectively.

             The subsidiaries of the Company operating in Hong Kong did not have tax
             assessable profit during both periods.

             The income tax expense of the Group is recognised based on the PRC EIT rate of
             25% during both periods. Certain subsidiaries of the Group were accredited as
             High-tech companies and enjoyed a tax rate of 15%.




58                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                Interim Report 2025


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


8.    PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD
                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                        2025             2024
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                  (unaudited)      (unaudited)

      Profit for the period has been arrived at
        after charging:

      Depreciation of property, plant and
       equipment                                     611,529           521,925
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets             17,635            17,252

      Total depreciation                             629,164            539,177
      Capitalised in inventories                    (454,387)          (391,294)

                                                     174,777           147,883

      Impairment losses recognised on
        property, plant and equipment
        included in cost of sales                          –           138,086
      Write-down of inventories (included in
        cost of sales)                                72,562             44,963




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                  59
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     9.      DIVIDENDS
                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 2025               2024
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                           (unaudited)        (unaudited)

             Dividends declared during the period:

             2024 final dividend of Hong Kong dollar
               (“HK$”) 17.00 cents (equivalent to
               RMB15.66 cents) per ordinary share              176,406                  –
             2023 final dividend of HK$43.00 cents
               (equivalent to RMB39.15 cents)) per
               ordinary share                                         –           440,832

                                                               176,406            440,832

             The directors did not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six
             months ended 30 June 2025 and 30 June 2024.




60                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                     Interim Report 2025


                                          INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


10.   EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                             2025             2024
                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                       (unaudited)      (unaudited)

      Earnings:
      Earnings for the purposes of calculating
        basic and diluted earnings per share
        – attributable to owners of the
          Company                                         819,768           928,222

                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                             2025             2024
                                                       (unaudited)      (unaudited)

      Number of shares:
      Weighted average number of ordinary
         shares for the purpose of calculating
         basic earnings per share                    1,126,124,500    1,126,124,500
      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares
         – share options                                        –        16,399,613

      Weighted average number of ordinary
       shares for the purpose of calculating
       diluted earnings per share                    1,126,124,500    1,142,524,113




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                       61
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     11.     MOVEMENTS IN PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND
             RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
             During the current interim period, the Group incurred RMB391,413,000,
             RMB204,358,000 and RMB19,459,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024:
             RMB384,385,000, RMB663,985,000 and RMB23,722,000) on additions of
             machinery and manufacturing plant, construction in progress and others in the
             PRC, respectively.

             In addition, during the current interim period, the Group disposed of certain
             property, plant and equipment with an aggregate carrying amount of
             RMB48,016,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB83,854,000) for proceeds
             of RMB39,357,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB68,183,000), resulting
             in a loss on disposal of RMB8,659,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024:
             RMB15,671,000).

             During the six months ended 30 June 2025, upfront payments for leasehold
             lands in the PRC, amounting to RMB1,504,000, were recognised by the Group as
             right-of-use assets for 50 years on lease commencement.

             The management of the Group did not identify any impairment indicators for
             property, plant and equipment during the current interim period.




62                                                  TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025


                                                                                                          INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


12.   DEFERRED TAXATION
      The followings are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and
      movements thereon during the current and prior interim period:

                                                                                         Fair values
                                                                                       adjustments
                                                                                       on property,
                                                                                           plant and
                                                                                         equipment
                                                                                        and prepaid
                                                                                               lease                                                                       Fair value
                                                                    Withholding           payments                         Allowances for                                    change
                                                        Deferred           tax on       arising from                          inventories,                                  of equity
                                                     government    undistributed         acquisition          Interest    trade and other      Accrued      Accrued     instruments
                                                          grants          profits    of subsidiaries    capitalisation         receivables    warranty     expenses       at FVTOCI      Tax losses     Others        Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


      At 1 January 2024 (audited)                        116,714          (54,594)           (10,031)           (7,779)           104,286      127,406       119,370          (12,624)     444,091         (580)    826,259

      Credit (charge) to profit or loss                      710          (24,399)              153               313              (24,330)      (7,244)     (37,060)              –        (51,711)     18,122     (125,446)
      Credit to other comprehensive income                     –                –                 –                 –                    –            –            –             801              –           –          801
      Reversal upon payment of withholding tax
          on distribution of earnings from the PRC
          subsidiaries                                        –            32,400                  –                –                    –           –             –                –             –           –      32,400


      At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                        117,424          (46,593)            (9,878)           (7,466)            79,956      120,162        82,310          (11,823)     392,380       17,542     734,014


      At 1 January 2025 (audited)                       100,602          (60,842)            (9,816)           (6,954)            53,838       99,893        50,659           (1,448)     587,348       22,974     836,254

      Credit (charge) to profit or loss                    6,658           3,829                782               206                (926)      (2,297)      71,396                –         5,778       (2,549)    82,877
      Credit to other comprehensive income                     –               –                  –                 –                   –            –            –               46             –            –         46
      Reversal upon payment of withholding tax
          on distribution of earnings from the PRC
          subsidiaries                                        –           21,635                   –                –                    –           –             –                –             –           –     21,635


      At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                       107,260          (35,378)            (9,034)           (6,748)            52,912       97,596       122,055           (1,402)     593,126       20,425     940,812




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                                                                                                                                            63
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     12.     DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)
             For the purpose of presentation in the condensed consolidated statement of
             financial position, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset.
             The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
             purposes:

                                                               30/06/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                              (unaudited)             (audited)

             Deferred tax assets                                  996,979               917,023
             Deferred tax liabilities                             (56,167)              (80,769)

                                                                  940,812               836,254

             As at the end of the current interim period, the Group has unused tax losses of
             approximately RMB4,922,721,000 (as at 31 December 2024: RMB4,820,121,000)
             available to offset against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised,
             in respect of approximately RMB593,126,000 (as at 31 December 2024:
             RMB587,348,000), of such losses, and no deferred tax assets has been recognised
             in respect of the remaining tax losses of approximately RMB1,393,891,000 (as
             at 31 December 2024: RMB1,477,548,000), due to the unpredictability of future
             profit streams. Such unrecognised losses will expire at various dates up to and
             including 2035 (as at 31 December 2024: 2034).

             At the end of the reporting period, the Group has deductible temporary
             differences of RMB1,292,296,000 (as at 31 December 2024: RMB1,022,991,000), in
             respect of which no deferred tax asset has been recognised as it is not probable
             that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
             differences can be utilised.

             Under the EIT Law, starting from 1 January 2008, 10% withholding income tax is
             imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned in year 2008 onwards
             and distributed to foreign investors for companies established in the PRC. For
             investors incorporated in Hong Kong, a preferential rate of 5% will be applied
             where appropriate. Other than the PRC withholding income tax provided in
             respect of undistributed profits of the PRC subsidiaries as above, no deferred
             taxation has been provided for the remaining retained profits of approximately
             RMB12,847 million (as at 31 December 2024: RMB12,418 million), which was
             derived from the PRC subsidiaries since 1 January 2008 as the Group is able to
             control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
             that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


64                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                           Interim Report 2025


                                          INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


13.   BILLS, TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                         30/06/2025           31/12/2024
                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                        (unaudited)             (audited)



      Bills receivables*                                  1,974,827              1,929,737

      Trade receivables                                   2,418,790              1,769,237
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                    (245,960)              (233,315)

                                                          2,172,830              1,535,922

      Other receivables                                     194,850               158,681
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                     (51,440)              (51,020)

                                                            143,410               107,661

      Prepayments for materials                             312,705               217,938
      PRC value added tax and EIT recoverable             1,134,431               789,818

                                                          5,738,203              4,581,076

      *       The balance represents bills receivables held by the Group which is measured at
              amortised cost since the bills are held within a business model whose objective
              is to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual cash flows are solely
              payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Bills
              receivables held by the Group as at 30 June 2025 will mature within 1 year.

      For manufacturing business, the normal credit term is 45 to 90 days upon
      delivery. For trading business, customers are normally required to make full
      prepayment before goods delivery.

      The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit
      losses presented based on the invoice date.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                             65
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     13.     BILLS, TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
                                                             30/06/2025           31/12/2024
                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)             (audited)

             0 to 45 days                                      1,524,032              916,782
             46 to 90 days                                       481,035              389,176
             91 to 180 days                                       42,846               57,194
             181 to 365 days                                      48,932               22,401
             1 year to 2 years                                    53,121              141,784
             Over 2 years                                         22,864                8,585

                                                               2,172,830            1,535,922

     14.     DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI
             The balance as at 30 June 2025 represents bills receivables held by the Group
             which is measured at FVTOCI since the bills are held within the business model
             whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and
             selling the financial assets, and the contractual cash flows are solely payments of
             principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

             The following is an aged analysis of debt instruments at FVTOCI at the end of the
             reporting period:

                                                             30/06/2025           31/12/2024
                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)             (audited)

             0 to 180 days                                       313,046              386,418
             181 to 365 days                                      16,114               10,624

                                                                 329,160              397,042

             These bills receivables are all issued by reputable banks of good credit quality.
             The management of the Group considered the credit risk of these bank issued
             bills is insignificant and no impairment was provided on them at the period end.



66                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                     Interim Report 2025


                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


15.   IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS
      MODEL, NET OF REVERSAL
                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                         2025                 2024
                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                   (unaudited)          (unaudited)

      Impairment loss (reversed) recognised in
        respect of
        Trade receivables                               (20,001)              12,089
        Other receivables                                 1,143               (9,208)
        Loan receivables                                  8,096               32,969

                                                        (10,762)              35,850

      The basis of determining the inputs and assumptions and the estimation
      techniques used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six
      months ended 30 June 2025 are the same as those followed in the preparation
      of the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                       67
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     16.     FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL/DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
             INSTRUMENTS
                                                               30/06/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                              (unaudited)             (audited)

             Financial assets/(liabilities) mandatorily
               measured at FVTPL:
               Structured bank deposits                         3,244,000             1,386,100
               Equity securities listed in Mainland
                 China                                              14,510               73,354
               Equity securities listed in Hong Kong                29,526               44,376
               Commodity derivative contracts                         (212)                 606
               Unlisted equity investments                           6,000                6,000
               Foreign currency forward contracts                  (11,096)                   –

                                                                3,282,728             1,510,436

             The following is the analysis of the financial assets/(liabilities) at FVTPL balances
             for financial reporting purposes:

                                                               30/06/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                              (unaudited)             (audited)

             Financial assets at FVTPL                          3,294,036             1,510,436
             Derivative financial instruments                     (11,308)                    –

                                                                3,282,728             1,510,436




68                                                        TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                     Interim Report 2025


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


17.   BILLS, TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                    30/06/2025          31/12/2024
                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                   (unaudited)            (audited)

      Trade payables                                 2,650,968             2,398,507
      Bills payables                                 6,526,363             6,808,120
      Value added tax payables and other
         tax payables                                  753,056              663,854
      Staff salaries and welfare payables              423,311              519,600
      Payables for purchase of property, plant
         and equipment                               1,472,018             1,759,105
      Accrued charges                                  661,786               567,859
      Deposits payables                                612,180               363,335
      Other payables                                   270,291               212,514

                                                    13,369,973           13,292,894

      The following is an aged analysis of trade payables, presented based on invoice
      date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                    30/06/2025          31/12/2024
                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                   (unaudited)            (audited)

      0 – 90 days                                    2,182,338             1,970,491
      91 – 180 days                                    235,786               162,061
      181 – 365 days                                   100,914               148,593
      1 – 2 years                                       39,918                35,861
      Over 2 years                                      92,012                81,501

                                                     2,650,968             2,398,507




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                       69
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     17.     BILLS, TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (CONTINUED)
             The following is an aged analysis of bills payables from issue date at the end of
             the reporting period:

                                                            30/06/2025          31/12/2024
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                           (unaudited)            (audited)

             0 – 180 days                                    6,525,317             6,808,120
             181 – 365 days                                      1,046                     –

                                                             6,526,363             6,808,120




70                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                      Interim Report 2025


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


18.   BORROWINGS
                                                     30/06/2025          31/12/2024
                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                    (unaudited)            (audited)

      Bank borrowings                                17,040,772           18,256,105
      Other borrowings                                  224,239              265,375

                                                     17,265,011           18,521,480

      Secured                                        10,996,978           10,949,143
      Unsecured                                       6,268,033            7,572,337

                                                     17,265,011           18,521,480

      Carrying amounts repayable:

      Within one year                                12,030,207           12,720,516
      Within a period of more than one year
       but not exceeding two years                    2,558,516             2,091,795
      Within a period of more than two years
       but not more than five years                   2,131,504             2,992,146
      Over five years                                   544,784               717,023

                                                     17,265,011           18,521,480
      Less: Amounts due within one year shown
             under current liabilities              (12,030,207)          (12,720,516)

      Amounts shown under non-current
       liabilities                                    5,234,804             5,800,964

      Details of assets pledged by the Group at the end of the reporting period are set
      out in note 21.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                        71
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     18.     BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
             The ranges of effective interest rates (which are also equal to contracted interest
             rates) on the Group’s borrowings are as follows:

                                                             30/06/2025           31/12/2024
                                                            (unaudited)             (audited)

             Fixed-rate borrowings                         3.05%-3.70%           2.50%-6.00%
             Variable-rate borrowings                      2.11%-5.50%           2.15%-5.85%

     19.     SHARE CAPITAL
                                                              Number of              Amount
                                                                 shares             RMB’000

             Ordinary shares of the Company with
               nominal value of HK$0.10 each
             Authorised:
               At 1 January 2024 (audited),
                 30 June 2024 (unaudited), 1 January
                 2025 (audited) and 30 June 2025
                 (unaudited)                              2,000,000,000              212,780

             Issued and fully paid:
                At 1 January 2024 (audited),
                  30 June 2024 (unaudited), 1 January
                  2025 (audited) and 30 June 2025
                  (unaudited)                             1,126,124,500              109,850




72                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                       Interim Report 2025


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


20.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
      Share options scheme

      The Company has a share options scheme (the “Scheme”) for eligible directors
      of the Company, eligible employees of the Group and other selected participants
      which was expired during the six months ended 30 June 2024.

      No options were exercised during the six months ended 30 June 2024.

      During the six months ended 30 June 2024, no expense was recognised in
      relation to share options granted by the Company under the Scheme.

      Share award scheme of a subsidiary of the Company

      Pursuant to the shareholders’ resolution approved on 23 May 2019, Tianneng
      Share adopted a share award scheme for eligible senior management and eligible
      employees of Tianneng Share and its subsidiaries (the “Selected Employees”)
      (the “Share Award Scheme”). The objective of the Share Award Scheme is to
      recognise the contribution by the Selected Employees and to provide them with
      incentives in order to retain them for the continuing operation and development
      of Tianneng Share and its subsidiaries.

      According to the Share Award Scheme, 41,200,000 shares of Tianneng Share
      were granted to certain limited partnerships (the “Limited Partnership”), which
      were legally owned by Zhejiang Tianneng Commercial Management Co., Ltd.
      (“Tianneng Commercial”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, and the
      Selected Employees and for the purpose of facilitating the purchasing, holding
      and selling of shares of Tianneng Share for the benefit of the Selected Employees.
      13,959,000 shares have been subscribed at a price of RMB7.69 per share.

      These shares are restricted for sale until the fourth anniversary date after the
      initial public offering of Tianneng Share in A-share market (the “Qualified IPO”)
      which was completed in January 2021. Upon the expiry of the sale restriction
      of the awarded shares, the Limited Partnership shall dispose of the awarded
      shares at the prevailing market price and transfer the proceeds in relation to the
      awarded shares to the respective Selected Employees.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                         73
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     20.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
             Share award scheme of a subsidiary of the Company (continued)

             If the Selected Employees resigned before the expiry of restriction of the
             awarded shares, they are required to sell back the awarded shares at a share price
             of RMB7.69 plus interest at 115% of the benchmark lending rate of peer loan
             issued by the People’s Bank of China.

             The fair value of restricted shares granted on 23 May 2019 amounted to
             approximately RMB71,367,000. During the current interim period, an expense
             of approximately RMB750,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB2,107,000)
             was recognised by the Group in relation to restricted shares granted by Tianneng
             Share under the Share Award Scheme.

     21.     PLEDGE OF ASSETS
             At the end of reporting period, the Group has pledged the following assets to
             secure the general banking facilities granted to the Group.

                                                             30/06/2025          31/12/2024
                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)            (audited)

             Pledged/restricted bank deposits                 9,294,156           12,270,304
             Financial assets at FVTPL                                –              200,000
             Property, plant and equipment                      197,174              101,689
             Debt instruments at FVTOCI                          22,488              139,369
             Right-of-use assets                                540,832              363,000
             Bills receivables                                1,030,098              964,969

                                                             11,084,748           14,039,331




74                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                               Interim Report 2025


                                            INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


22.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                           30/06/2025             31/12/2024
                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                          (unaudited)               (audited)

      Contracted for but not provided in the
        condensed consolidated financial
        statements in respect of the acquisition
        of property, plant and equipment                    1,402,092                1,591,611

23.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      Fair value measurements and valuation process

      The management of the Group has set up a team, which is headed up by the
      Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to determine the appropriate valuation
      techniques and inputs for fair value measurements.

      In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent
      it is available. For instruments with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3,
      the Group also considers to engage third party qualified valuers to perform the
      valuation, if necessary.

      Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair
      value at the end of each reporting period. The following table gives information
      about how the fair value of these financial assets and financial liabilities are
      determined, as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair
      value measurements are categorised (level 1 to 3) based on the degree to which
      the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

      •      Level 1 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices (unadjusted)
             in active market for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access
             at the measurement date;

      •      Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than
             quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
             liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices);
             and


TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                 75
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     23.     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             (CONTINUED)
             Fair value measurements and valuation process (continued)

             •                 Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation
                               techniques that include the lowest level inputs which are significant to
                               the fair value measurement for the asset or liability that are not based on
                               observable market data (significant unobservable inputs).

             Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that
             are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
                                                                                                                                                    Relationship of
                                                                                                                                     Significant    unobservable
                                                                                         Fair value Valuation technique              unobservable   inputs to
             Financial assets                        Fair value as at                    hierarchy and key input                     input          fair value
                                              30/06/2025                 31/12/2024
                                                RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                             (unaudited)                   (audited)

             Listed equity                 Listed equity            Listed equity Level 1           Quoted transaction prices        N/A            N/A
                 securities classified      securities in             securities in                   in active markets.
                 as financial assets     Mainland China:          Mainland China:
                 at FVTPL                    RMB14,510                 RMB73,354

                                            Listed equity               Listed equity
                                             securities in               securities in
                                             Hong Kong:                  Hong Kong:
                                              RMB29,526                   RMB44,376

             Listed equity                  Listed equity               Listed equity Level 1       Quoted transaction prices        N/A            N/A
                 instruments                 securities in               securities in                in an active market.
                 at FVTOCI                   Hong Kong:                  Hong Kong:
                                            RMB135,990                  RMB153,062

                                           Listed equity            Listed equity
                                            securities in             securities in
                                         Mainland China:          Mainland China:
                                              RMB9,149                 RMB15,918

             Foreign currency                 Liabilities:                          – Level 2       Discounted cash flow.             N/A           N/A
                forward contracts            RMB11,096                                              Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                                       based on forward exchange
                                                                                                       rates (from observable forward
                                                                                                       exchange rates at the end
                                                                                                       of the reporting period) and
                                                                                                       contracted forward rates.




76                                                                                               TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                               Interim Report 2025


                                                                      INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


23.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that
      are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (continued)
                                                                                                                                            Relationship of
                                                                                                                        Significant         unobservable
                                                                           Fair value Valuation technique               unobservable        inputs to
      Financial assets                    Fair value as at                 hierarchy and key input                      input               fair value
                                    30/06/2025               31/12/2024
                                      RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                   (unaudited)                 (audited)

      Commodity derivative          Liabilities:                 Assets: Level 2      The fair value of the commodity N/A                   N/A
        contracts                     RMB212                    RMB606                   derivative contracts is estimated
                                                                                         by reference to the quoted prices
                                                                                         of similar standardised commodity
                                                                                         derivative contracts at the end of
                                                                                         the reporting period.

      Debt instruments at         RMB329,160                 RMB397,042 Level 2       Discounted cash flow is estimated N/A                 N/A
        FVTOCI                                                                           based on discount rate observed
                                                                                         in the available market.

      Structured bank deposits   RMB3,244,000            RMB1,386,100 Level 3         Discounted cash flow is estimated Expected return     An increase in the
         at FVTPL                                                                        based on expected return.                             expected return
                                                                                                                                               would result in
                                                                                                                                               a decrease in
                                                                                                                                               the fair value
                                                                                                                                               measurement of
                                                                                                                                               the structured
                                                                                                                                               bank deposits,
                                                                                                                                               and vice versa.

      Unlisted equity               At FVTOCI:               At FVTOCI: Level 3       Recent transaction price          Recent transaction The higher
        instruments                RMB70,445                 RMB77,573                                                     price              the recent
                                                                                                                                              transaction price,
                                    At FVTPL:                 At FVTPL:                                                                       the higher the
                                    RMB6,000                  RMB6,000                                                                        fair value

      There were no transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 during the period.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                                                                               77
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     23.     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             (CONTINUED)
             Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets

                                           Structured Unlisted equity Unlisted equity
                                        bank deposits    instruments    investments
                                             at FVTPL      at FVTOCI         at FVTPL
                                              RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

             At 1 January 2025
                (audited)                    1,386,100           77,573             6,000
             Total gains                        34,417            5,748                 –
             – in profit or loss                34,417                –                 –
             – in other comprehensive
                  income                             –            5,748                 –
             Purchases                      11,851,000                –                 –
             Disposals/settlements         (10,027,517)               –                 –
             Transfer to interest in
                associates                           –          (12,876)                –

             At 30 June 2025
               (unaudited)                   3,244,000           70,445             6,000

             Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that
             are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis (but fair value
             disclosures are required)

             The management considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and
             financial liabilities measured at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated
             financial statements approximate their fair values.




78                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                        Interim Report 2025


                                                    INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      During the period, the Group had the following transactions with its related
      companies:

                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
      Name of related parties                   Nature of transactions          2025                 2024
                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                          (unaudited)          (unaudited)

      浙江暢通科技有限公司                                Purchase of materials        163,000              189,983
      Zhejiang Changtong Technology             Sales of materials                 6                  574
        Company Limited                         Interest expense                   –                3,000
        (“Changtong Technology”) (note i)
      長興遠鴻機械有限公司                                Purchase of materials            114                   99
      Changxing Yuanhong Machinery              Rental paid                      168                  757
        Company Limited
        (“Yuanhong Machinery”) (note ii)
      浙江長興欣欣包裝有限公司                              Purchase of consumables           22                4,832
      Zhejiang Changxing Xin
        Xin Packaging Co., Ltd.
        (“Xin Xin Packaging”) (note iii)
      濟源市萬洋冶煉（集團）有限公司                           Purchase of materials        897,312              853,224
      Jiyuan City Wanyang                       Sale of materials              2,823              741,227
          Smelting (Group) Co., Ltd.            Rental paid                    5,436                1,129
          (“Wanyang Group”) (note iv)
      浙江暢能商業管理有限公司                        Property management fees                 –                4,433
      Zhejiang Changneng Business
        Management Co., Ltd
        (“Changneng Business Management”)
        (note v)
      長興金陵大酒店                                   Hotel expense                    564                  631
      Changxing Jin Ling Hotel (note v)
      連雲港市雲海電源有限公司                              Purchase of materials          9,800               39,053
      Lianyungang Yunhai Power Supply Co., Ltd. Sales of materials               844                    –
         (“Lianyungang Yunhai”) (note vi)
      航天國華生態環境(浙江)有限公司                          Purchase of materials            127                    –
      Aerospace Guohua Ecological                                                                       –
         Environment (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd.
         (“Aerospace Guohua”) (note vi)



TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                          79
     Interim Report 2025


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     24.     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
             Details of the amounts due to related parties are as follows:

             Name of related parties                          30/06/2025        31/12/2024
                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                             (unaudited)          (audited)

             Changtong Technology                                130,653           105,656
             Xin Xin Packaging                                       378               458
             Yuanhong Machinery                                       64                65
             Wanyang Group                                        21,364             5,490
             Lianyungang Yunhai                                        –             3,190
             Aerospace Guohua                                          9               110

                                                                 152,468           114,969

             Details of the amounts due from related parties are as follows:

             Name of related parties                          30/06/2025        31/12/2024
                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                             (unaudited)          (audited)

             Wanyang Group                                          6,047               74
             Lianyungang Yunhai                                         –              517
             Aerospace Guohua                                      13,100           13,104
             Changtong Technology                                      80               33

                                                                   19,227           13,728

             Included in the amount due from Aerospace Guohua, RMB13,100,000 (31
             December 2024: RMB13,100,000) is non-trade related, unsecured, interest free
             and repayable on demand. The remaining amounts due to/from related parties
             are trade in nature and with ageing less than 180 days.




80                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                             Interim Report 2025


                                            INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      Notes:

      (i)      Changtong Technology is beneficially owned by Ms. Zhang Mei’e, who is the sister
               of Dr. Zhang Tianren (“Dr. Zhang”), the beneficial owner and the director of the
               Company, and her spouse, Mr. Ni Danqing.

      (ii)     Yuanhong Machinery is beneficially owned by Mr. Zhang Kaihong’s son. Mr. Zhang
               Kaihong is a director of the Company.

      (iii)    Xin Xin Packaging is beneficially owned by Ms. Chen Pingping and Ms. She Fangli,
               who are the cousin and niece of Dr. Zhang, respectively.

      (iv)     Wanyang Group is a party which holds 49% interest of Jiyuan Wanyang Green
               Energy Co., Ltd. (濟源市萬洋綠色能源有限公司), a 51% owned subsidiary of the
               Group.

      (v)      Changneng Business Management and Changxing Jin Ling Hotel are controlled
               by Dr. Zhang.

      (vi)     Lianyungang Yunhai and Aerospace Guohua are associates of the Group.

      The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during
      the period was as follows:

                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                               2025                   2024
                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                         (unaudited)            (unaudited)

      Short term employee benefits                               2,126                 1,395
      Post-employment benefits                                       9                     8

                                                                 2,135                 1,403

      The remuneration of directors and key executives are determined by the
      remuneration committee and executive directors, respectively, having regard to
      the performance of individuals and market trends.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                               81
     Interim Report 2025


     OTHER INFORMATION


     INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
     As at 30 June 2025, apart from the details as follows, the Directors and chief executive
     of the Company do not have any other interests and short positions in the shares,
     underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations
     (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)), as
     recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO or
     as notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
     Exchange”) pursuant to the Model Code.

     Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each of the Company
                                                                                          Aggregate
                                                                                        approximate
                                                                                      percentage of
                                                                 Number of      issued share capital
     Name of Director      Capacity                             shares held         of the Company
                                                                    (Note 1)                 (Note 6)

     Zhang Tianren         Interest of a controlled           411,355,650 (L)                 36.53%
                              corporation (Note 2)
                           Interest of spouse (Note 2)            258,000 (L)                  0.02%


     Zhang Aogen           Interest of a controlled            13,641,022 (L)                  1.21%
                              corporation (Note 3)


     Zhang Kaihong         Interest of a controlled            18,884,174 (L)                  1.68%
                              corporation (Note 4)


     Shi Borong            Interest of a controlled            15,686,141 (L)                  1.39%
                              corporation (Note 5)


     Zhou Jianzhong        Beneficial owner                     2,362,815 (L)                  0.21%


     Huang Dongliang       Beneficial owner                       240,000 (L)                  0.02%




82                                                       TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                              Interim Report 2025


                                                                   OTHER INFORMATION


Notes:

1.       The letter “L” denotes long position in the shares of the Company.

2.       The 411,355,650 shares of the Company were held by Prime Leader Global Limited, which
         was wholly-owned by Dr. Zhang Tianren. Ms. Yang Yaping, spouse of Dr. Zhang Tianren,
         held 258,000 shares of the Company.

3.       The 13,641,022 shares of the Company were held by Top Benefits International Limited,
         which was wholly-owned by Mr. Zhang Aogen.

4.       The 18,884,174 shares of the Company were held by Plenty Gold Holdings Limited, which
         was wholly-owned by Mr. Zhang Kaihong.

5.       The 15,686,141 shares of the Company were held by Precise Asia Global Limited, which
         was wholly-owned by Mr. Shi Borong.

6.       Shareholding percentage is based on 1,126,124,500 issued shares of the Company as at 30
         June 2025.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                83
     Interim Report 2025


     OTHER INFORMATION


     Interest in an associated corporation, Zhejiang Tianneng New Materials Co.,
     Ltd. ( 浙江天能新材料有限公司 )
                                                                            Aggregate
                                                                          approximate
                                                                         percentage of
                                                                  issued share capital
                                                       Number of     of the associated
     Name of Director    Capacity                     shares held          corporation

     Zhang Tianren             Interest of a controlled               34,314,000 (L)              25%
                                  corporation (Note (ii))

     Notes:

     (i)      The letter “L” denotes long position in the shares of the associated corporation.

     (ii)     The 34,314,000 shares of the associated corporation were held by Tianchang Holding Co.,
              Ltd. ( 天暢控股有限公司 ), which was owned as to 98% by Dr. Zhang Tianren.

     INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
     As at 30 June 2025, the register of substantial shareholders maintained by the Company
     pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO shows that the following persons, other than a
     Director or chief executive of the Company, had notified the Company of relevant
     interests and short positions in the shares or underlying shares or debentures of the
     Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO in the issued share capital of the
     Company:




84                                                            TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                        Interim Report 2025


                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION


Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each of the Company
                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                            issued share
                                                                        Number of              capital of
Name of Shareholder        Capacity                                    shares held        the Company
                                                                           (Note 1)              (Note 3)

Zhang Tianren              Interest of a controlled                   411,355,650 (L)             36.53%
                              corporation (Note 2)
                           Interest of spouse (Note 2)                    258,000 (L)              0.02%

Yang Yaping                Beneficial owner (Note 2)                      258,000 (L)              0.02%
                           Interest of spouse (Note 2)                411,355,650 (L)             36.53%

Prime Leader Global        Beneficial owner (Note 2)                  411,355,650 (L)             36.53%
   Limited


Notes:

1.       The letter “L” denotes long position in the shares of the Company.

2.       The 411,355,650 shares were held by Prime Leader Global Limited, which was wholly-owned
         by Dr. Zhang Tianren. Ms. Yang Yaping, spouse of Dr. Zhang Tianren, held 258,000 shares.
         Ms. Yang Yaping, being the spouse of Dr. Zhang Tianren, is deemed to be interested in the
         shares held by Dr. Zhang Tianren.

3.       Shareholding percentage is based on 1,126,124,500 issued shares of the Company as at 30
         June 2025.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                          85
     Interim Report 2025


     OTHER INFORMATION


     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     On 18 May 2018, the Company by ordinary resolution approved the adoption of a new
     share option scheme (the “2018 Share Option Scheme”). No options have yet been
     granted under the 2018 Share Option Scheme.

     The number of share options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the
     2018 Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2025 and 30 June 2025, respectively, was
     112,654,650. The Company had 112,654,650 shares available for issue under the 2018
     Share Option Scheme, which represented 10% of the shares of the Company in issue as
     at the date of this interim report.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
     SECURITIES
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
     Company’s listed securities (including the sale of treasury shares as defined under the
     Listing Rules) during the Reporting Period. As at 30 June 2025, the Company did not
     hold any of such treasury shares.

     DISCLOSURE OF CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
     Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, there is no change in Directors’
     information since the date of publication of the 2024 Annual Report.


                                                            By order of the Board
                                                              Zhang Tianren
                                                                 Chairman

     Hong Kong, 28 August 2025




86                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
