                                                                             INTERIM REPORT
                                                                        2026
TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 天能動力國際有限公司   INTERIM REPORT 2026 中期報告
                                                                        2026 中期報告
                                                                  Interim Report 2026


                                                                   CONTENTS


                                                                              page

Corporate Information                                                              2

Management Discussion and Analysis                                                 4

Corporate Governance                                                              38

Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements                   39

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of
   Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                                  41

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                          44

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                           47

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                  48

  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements                        50

Other Information                                                                 82




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                    01
     Interim Report 2026


     CORPORATE INFORMATION


     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS              NOMINATION COMMITTEE
     Dr. ZHANG Tianren (Chairman)     MEMBERS
     Mr. ZHANG Aogen                  Dr. ZHANG Tianren (Chairman)
     Mr. SHI Borong                   Mr. HUANG Dongliang
     Mr. ZHANG Kaihong                Mr. XIAO Gang
     Mr. ZHOU Jianzhong               Dr. GUO Yuantao

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE        COMPANY SECRETARY
     DIRECTORS                        Ms. HUI Wai Man Shirley
     Mr. HUANG Dongliang
     Mr. ZHANG Yong                   AUDITOR
     Mr. XIAO Gang
                                      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Dr. GUO Yuantao
                                      Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
                                      35th Floor, One Pacific Place
     AUDIT COMMITTEE MEMBERS          88 Queensway Hong Kong
     Mr. HUANG Dongliang (Chairman)
     Mr. ZHANG Yong                   PUBLIC RELATIONS
     Mr. XIAO Gang
                                      Porda Havas International Finance
                                        Communications (Group) Holdings
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE             Company Limited
     MEMBERS                          25/F, Two Sky Parc,
     Mr. XIAO Gang (Chairman)         51 Hung To Road, Kwun Tong,
     Mr. HUANG Dongliang              Kowloon, Hong Kong
     Mr. ZHANG Aogen




02                                       TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                 Interim Report 2026


                                             CORPORATE INFORMATION


STATUTORY ADDRESS                        LISTING INFORMATION
Cricket Square                           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Hutchins Drive                           Stock Code: 00819
P.O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman
KY1-1111
Cayman Islands

PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
IN HONG KONG
Suite 3202, 32 Floor, Central Plaza
18 Harbour Road
Wanchai
Hong Kong

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.tianneng.com.hk

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman
KY1-1111, Cayman Islands

HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                   03
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     COMPANY PROFILE
     Tianneng Power International Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries,
     collectively referred to as the “Group” or “Tianneng”) was founded in 1986 and listed on
     the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”)
     in 2007 (stock code: 00819.HK). It is headquartered in the People’s Republic of China
     (the “PRC” or “China”). Focusing on power and energy application needs, the Group
     has built an integrated industrial ecosystem centered on lead-acid batteries, with the
     coordinated development of lithium-ion (Li-ion) batteries, a diversified portfolio of
     technology platforms and resource recycling business. Its operations cover research
     and development (R&D), manufacturing, sales, services, recycling and resource recovery,
     offering customers a diversified range of battery products and energy solutions.

     The Group’s light motive battery business draws its core strengths from large-scale
     manufacturing capabilities accumulated over many years, an extensive channel and
     service network, and a battery recycling and reuse system. While consolidating the
     fundamentals of its light motive battery business, the Group has extended its product
     scope to industrial motive power, automotive batteries, energy storage and backup
     power supply applications and, having regard to technological maturity and commercial
     viability, has advanced product development and application validation for Li-ion
     batteries, sodium-ion batteries, solid-state batteries and hydrogen fuel cells in phases.
     The Group has also steadily built overseas production, supply chain and market service
     capabilities, driving its business from product exports toward more localized operations.

     OPERATION REVIEW
     During the six months ended 30 June 2026 (the “Reporting Period”), market demand,
     product mix and the competitive landscape in the battery industry continued to
     evolve. Affected by factors including intensifying market competition and rising raw
     material costs, the Group’s operating results came under year-on-year pressure. Facing
     a complex operating environment, and drawing on its existing industrial base and core
     strengths while responding to demand across different application scenarios, the Group
     continued to optimize its business structure and resource allocation with a focus on
     battery manufacturing, resource recycling, new energy technologies and international
     development. It promoted the steady operation of its traditional advantageous
     businesses, accelerated capability building in emerging businesses and strengthened
     industrial synergies between its recycling businesses, while continuously enhancing
     R&D and innovation, intelligent manufacturing, market services and global operating
     capabilities, so as to build momentum for subsequent operational recovery and long-
     term development.



04                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2026


                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Against the backdrop of the full implementation of the Safety Technical Specification for
Electric Bicycle (《電動自行車安全技術規範》) (GB 17761-2024, hereinafter the “New
National Standard for Electric Bicycles”), continued differentiation in consumer
demand and intensifying industry competition, the product structure and competitive
dynamics of the light motive market evolved further. Industry competition has gradually
shifted from competition on products and prices alone to competition across a broader
set of capabilities, including product performance, cost efficiency, supply assurance,
channel operations and user services. Leveraging its long-established brand strength,
manufacturing footprint and channel network, the Group actively adapted to market
changes, continued to refine product supply and market strategies, and kept sales
volumes of its core products broadly stable. On this basis, operating performance in
the second quarter improved as compared with the first quarter, and the stability and
resilience of the business fundamentals became further evident.

Guided by market demand and a focus on delivering value throughout the product
lifecycle, the Group continued to advance the iteration and scenario-based configuration
of eco-friendly light motive battery products, strengthened collaborative innovation
in materials technology, structural design, production processes and manufacturing
management, and enhanced its product portfolio for two-wheeled electric vehicles,
three-wheeled electric vehicles and other light motive applications, continuously
improving overall product performance in safety, range, cycle life and environmental
adaptability. At the same time, the Group strengthened coordination among R&D,
procurement, manufacturing and marketing, and continued to raise production
efficiency, supply assurance and market responsiveness.

In respect of channels and services, the Group deepened the development of digital
channels, promoted effective linkage among online market reach, offline product
delivery and end-customer services, enhanced market insights, retail sales support,
inventory coordination and refined regional operations, and further improved its
systems for product delivery, testing and maintenance, and after-sales response. By
deepening collaboration with distributors and other frontline service partners, the
Group continuously enhanced channel operating capabilities and the efficiency of user
services, consolidating a long-term, stable and sustainable market foundation.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          05
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     While consolidating the eco-friendly light motive battery market, the Group’s industrial
     motive batteries, automotive batteries, backup power supply and other niche businesses
     continued to play a role in diversifying its product portfolio. The industrial motive battery
     business continued to deepen cooperation with construction machinery customers,
     advanced the integration of manufacturing resources and actively expanded overseas
     markets, with sound order performance and capacity utilization; the automotive battery
     and backup power supply businesses continued to improve their product series, with
     scenario adaptation and overseas certification advancing steadily. The Group will drive
     its advantageous manufacturing capabilities to extend to higher value-added niche
     scenarios with stronger customer stickiness, reducing reliance on any single market.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s Li-ion battery business achieved year-on-year
     growth in operating income, with continued improvement in operating performance.
     Guided by the differentiated requirements of application scenarios for safety
     performance, energy density, cycle life and full-lifecycle cost, the Group continued to
     optimize its product and business structure, focusing on advancing market applications
     of Li-ion batteries in light motive power, industrial motive power, energy storage and
     backup power supply, and continuously enhancing product development, market
     expansion and comprehensive service capabilities.

     In the light motive power field, the Group continued to refine its product layout
     around OEM vehicle matching, shared mobility, battery swapping services and channel
     markets, further expanding its customer and channel base. In the industrial motive
     field, the Group focused on applications in forklifts, construction machinery, intelligent
     warehousing and other special industrial vehicles, continuously advancing product
     introduction and customer cooperation, and improving motive power solutions adapted
     to different operating conditions.

     In the energy storage systems (ESS) segment, as market mechanisms for emerging
     energy storage continued to improve, industry competition gradually shifted from
     competition on products and prices alone to competition across system safety, solution
     design, project delivery and operation services. Centered on industrial and commercial,
     grid-side and other application scenarios, the Group continued to advance energy
     storage product development, the improvement of system solutions and project
     delivery, and actively explored business models for collaborative project development
     with industrial capital and regional partners.




06                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                         Interim Report 2026


                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group positions sodium-ion batteries, solid-state batteries and hydrogen fuel cells
as medium- to long-term technology and product reserves, and adopts differentiated
pathways according to their respective maturity. For sodium-ion batteries, the focus is
on exploring applications such as light motive power, automotive low-voltage systems
and low-temperature environments. For solid-state batteries, product validation is
being advanced in light motive power and emerging scenarios where high safety
and high specific energy are required. For hydrogen fuel cells, R&D continues on high-
power systems and key components, while applications in heavy-duty transportation
and other fields are being explored. Having regard to technological maturity, market
demand and conditions for industrialization, the Group will pace R&D investment
and the commercialization of results in a measured manner, continuously strengthen
its diversified technology reserves, and support medium- to long-term business
development.

The recycling industry is an important capability that sets the Group apart from pure
battery manufacturers. Given the different characteristics of lead-acid batteries and Li-
ion batteries in recycling sources, treatment processes and applications of regenerated
products, the Group has built resource recycling and comprehensive utilization systems
suited to their respective business models. Through efficient resource utilization and
synergies across the battery industry chain, the Group continued to improve systems for
the recycling, treatment and resource utilization of used lead-acid batteries and retired
Li-ion batteries, enhancing capabilities in feedstock organization, production operations,
technical processes and compliance management.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                           07
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     During the Reporting Period, against the backdrop of changes in relevant metal
     market prices and supply-demand conditions, the Group actively seized market
     opportunities, strengthened coordination among procurement, production and sales,
     and recorded an improvement in the operating performance of related businesses.
     Leveraging the Group’s production and market networks, the lead-acid battery
     recycling business continued to promote the reuse of regenerated materials in battery
     manufacturing, further reinforcing advantages in resource assurance and closed-
     loop industry operations. The Li-ion battery recycling business continued to improve
     systems for feedstock acquisition, production treatment and product sales focused
     on the resource utilization of retired batteries and production scrap. Going forward,
     the Group will continue to track changes in feedstock and product prices, reasonably
     optimize procurement, inventory and production-sales arrangements in light of market
     conditions, and further enhance the operating quality, risk response capabilities and
     industrial synergy value of the recycling industry.

     In respect of international development, the Group drove its international business
     from product exports and market expansion toward deeper regionalized operations,
     localized supply and the building of comprehensive service capabilities, advancing
     product certification, customer development, channel building and the improvement
     of local service systems in key countries and regions. During the Reporting Period,
     operating capabilities at the Group’s production bases in Vietnam and elsewhere steadily
     improved, with related capacity released in an orderly manner, further strengthening the
     Group’s supply assurance and customer responsiveness in overseas markets. At the same
     time, having regard to the demand characteristics, regulatory standards and industrial
     conditions of different markets, the Group strengthened coordination between
     domestic R&D and manufacturing and overseas production, supply chains and market
     services and, through diversified models such as distribution cooperation, customer
     collaboration and project cooperation, continued to consolidate the foundation for
     international business development.




08                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2026


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INDUSTRY DEVELOPMENT AND OPERATING CONDITIONS

(I)   High-end Eco-friendly Batteries

      High-end eco-friendly batteries are one of the Group’s core businesses, mainly
      comprising eco-friendly light motive batteries, industrial motive batteries,
      automotive batteries and backup power supply product series. During the
      Reporting Period, the Group’s high-end eco-friendly battery business recorded
      operating income of approximately RMB19.124 billion.

      1.     Eco-friendly Light Motive Batteries

             The Group’s eco-friendly light motive lead-acid batteries are mainly
             used in electric bicycles, light electric motorcycles, electric motorcycles,
             electric three-wheeled vehicles and related fields. China has a large
             existing market for light electric vehicles. According to the “2026
             Research Report on China’s Two-Wheeled Electric Vehicle Industry” by
             iResearch, the number of two-wheeled electric vehicle in use in China
             has exceeded 400 million units. Data from China Motorcycle Chamber
             of Commerce indicates that, nationwide sales of electric motorcycles in
             2025 were approximately 3.5062 million units; in the first half of 2026,
             newly registered electric motorcycles numbered approximately 3 million
             units, pointing to growth in market demand for related vehicle models.
             Electric three-wheeled vehicles continued to play a role in urban and
             rural mobility, commercial logistics and production and transportation
             scenarios, together forming a multi-tiered application market for lead-
             acid motive batteries.

             On the policy front, the newly revised New National Standard for
             Electric Bicycles has been implemented since 1 September 2025, and
             the transitional period for sales of vehicles under the old standard
             ended on 30 November of the same year. The new standard further
             strengthens requirements on fire resistance and flame retardancy, anti-
             tampering, product consistency and identification and traceability, and
             raises the upper limit of whole-vehicle mass for models using lead-
             acid batteries from 55 kg to 63 kg, providing certain room for compliant
             models to enhance range capability and optimize product configuration.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          09
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                      Meanwhile, electric motorcycles and electric three-wheeled vehicles
                      are managed under the respective motor vehicle technical standards,
                      product access announcements and registration systems. Relevant
                      policies and standards continue to drive light electric vehicle products
                      toward greater safety, standardization and branding, and also prompt
                      vehicle manufacturers to further raise requirements on batteries and
                      other core components in respect of safety performance, product
                      consistency, matching validation and supply assurance, and to strengthen
                      collaborative development and quality control with core component
                      suppliers.

                      During the Reporting Period, affected by factors including the early
                      release of part of demand as a result of the switch between old and
                      new standards in the previous year, demand for the new electric
                      bicycles underwent some adjustments; electric motorcycles, electric
                      three-wheeled vehicles and other niche markets showed differentiated
                      development. As requirements for vehicle safety, product consistency
                      and anti-tampering management increased, battery procurement further
                      concentrated toward OEM matching and leading vehicle manufacturers,
                      and the light electric vehicle battery market gradually shifted from
                      channel competition to comprehensive competition in OEM matching,
                      replacement channels and terminal service capabilities.

                      Facing changes in market structure, and leveraging its brand
                      foundation, product system, nationwide manufacturing layout and
                      delivery capabilities, the Group proactively adapted to market trends
                      and deepened product development, supply assurance and service
                      collaboration with major vehicle manufacturers. During the Reporting
                      Period, the Group’s sales volume of lead-acid motive batteries for light
                      electric vehicles remained overall stable, and cooperation with major
                      vehicle manufacturers continued to deepen. Facing changes in the
                      operating environment including market competition, customer structure
                      and overall costs, the Group continued to advance production-sales
                      coordination, product specification optimization, production automation,
                      energy efficiency improvement and optimization of regional capacity
                      layout, further enhancing cost control and rapid delivery capabilities, and
                      improving business operating quality and market adaptability.




10                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                         Interim Report 2026


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             While deepening cooperation with vehicle manufacturers, the Group
             continued to attach importance to the long-term value of the replacement
             market and channel partners, enhancing channel operations, terminal sales
             support and service capabilities, strengthening terminal reach, inventory
             turnover and refined management of regional markets, and working with
             distributors to further extend its service network to the terminal level. The
             Group also improved the efficiency of terminal testing, product replacement
             and user response by building directly operated after-sales service stations,
             advancing regionalized closed-loop services and pre-sale services. Going
             forward, the Group will adapt to changes in industry chain structure and
             channel models, coordinate the development of cooperation with vehicle
             manufacturers, the replacement market and the channel ecosystem,
             consolidate its comprehensive competitive advantages through product
             quality, cost efficiency, delivery assurance and terminal services, steadily
             adapt to market structural adjustments, and continuously consolidate its
             leading position in the light electric vehicle motive battery market.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                           11
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                      While consolidating its competitive advantages in the domestic market,
                      the Group actively seized development opportunities in overseas light
                      electric vehicle markets, treating overseas business as an important
                      avenue for expanding long-term growth. During the Reporting Period,
                      the Group continued to advance product adaptation, certification
                      and market access, channel expansion and the building of localized
                      supply and service capabilities; its Vietnam production base continued
                      to support regional production and delivery; and the Group actively
                      prepared for localized contract manufacturing and sales in Indonesia,
                      with a view to gradually enhancing local supply and service capabilities
                      for the Indonesian market. In other key overseas markets, having regard
                      to local regulatory standards, climate conditions, vehicle types and user
                      needs, the Group advanced product introduction and service network
                      building in an orderly manner. By strengthening coordination among
                      domestic R&D and manufacturing, cross-border supply chains, local
                      partners and market service systems, the Group continuously enhanced
                      supply assurance, delivery responsiveness and localized operating
                      capabilities for its overseas business.

             2.       Other High-end Eco-friendly Batteries

                      In addition to eco-friendly light motive batteries, the Group continued
                      to advance the development of industrial motive batteries, automotive
                      batteries, backup power supply and other businesses and, having
                      regard to the technical requirements and customer needs of different
                      application fields, improved its product portfolio and service solutions.

                      (1)    Industrial Motive Batteries

                             In the industrial motive battery field, centered on lead-acid
                             batteries, the Group has long accumulated comprehensive
                             capabilities covering product R&D, large-scale manufacturing,
                             quality control, customer collaboration and after-sales services,
                             and is able to provide differentiated product solutions for high-
                             frequency operations, heavy-duty operation and complex
                             operating conditions. During the Reporting Period, the Group




12                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2026


                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    continued to refine its product layout for electric forklift,
                    automated guided vehicles, port equipment, intelligent
                    warehousing and other scenarios, deepened collaboration with
                    leading OEMs and key customers, fully leveraged its advantages
                    in large-scale manufacturing and stable delivery, promoted the
                    efficient utilization of tubular battery capacity.

                    The Group’s industrial motive batteries won the “Jinli Award”
                    of China Industrial Vehicles and Mobile Robots for the third
                    consecutive year, with product reliability, scenario adaptability and
                    service capabilities continuing to receive industry recognition.
                    Leveraging advantages in scaled manufacturing, stable delivery,
                    customer base and service network, the Group further optimized
                    its high value-added product structure and collaborated with
                    core customers to expand markets in the Asia-Pacific, Central Asia,
                    Europe and the Americas, continuously enhancing the earnings
                    resilience and development potential of the industrial motive
                    battery business.

             (2)    Others

                    In the automotive battery field, the Group focused on the
                    automotive starting and vehicle auxiliary power markets, and
                    continued to advance product upgrades, customer expansion
                    and improvements in operating efficiency. During the Reporting
                    Period, the Group completed series upgrades of its flagship
                    products, covering AGM, EFB, SLI, commercial vehicles and
                    parking air-conditioning dedicated categories, among others;
                    it also further enriched high-temperature-resistant and vehicle
                    auxiliary power product solutions, enhancing adaptability to
                    different vehicle models, climate environments and operating
                    conditions. The Group actively expanded OEM front-fit matching
                    business and, leveraging brand, large-scale manufacturing,
                    channel network and after-sales service advantages, consolidated




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          13
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                             the aftermarket. The scale of the automotive battery business
                             continued to grow. Going forward, the Group will continue
                             to focus on product competitiveness, breakthroughs with
                             key customers and optimization of cost efficiency, driving the
                             coordinated enhancement of scale and profitability in the
                             automotive battery business.

                             The Group’s lead-acid backup battery products are mainly used
                             in communications base stations, data centres, industrial facilities
                             and other fields. Guided by the requirements of backup power
                             supply scenarios for safety, operating stability, float charge life and
                             environmental adaptability, the Group continued to optimize the
                             product design, material systems and manufacturing processes
                             of lead-acid batteries, and advanced the adaptation, certification
                             and market expansion of related products in communications
                             backup power supply, data infrastructure and industrial power
                             assurance scenarios.

     (II)    New Energy Batteries

             The Group remains committed to new energy development and, along
             technology pathways including Li-ion batteries, solid-state batteries, hydrogen
             fuel cells and sodium-ion batteries, continues to advance technology R&D,
             product iteration and the expansion of application scenarios, continuously
             improving its diversified new energy battery product system.

             1.       Li-ion Batteries

                      The Group’s Li-ion battery business mainly covers application fields such
                      as energy storage and light motive power. In energy storage, centered on
                      cell R&D, system integration and project delivery, the Group continued to
                      improve energy storage products and solutions for the power generation
                      side, grid side and user side; in light motive power, it focused on electric
                      two- and three-wheeled vehicles, low-speed electric vehicles and other
                      motive scenarios, advancing product upgrades and market expansion.
                      During the Reporting Period, the Group’s Li-ion battery business recorded
                      operating income of approximately RMB872 million.




14                                                       TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                       Interim Report 2026


                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             (1)    Energy Storage Business

                    As installed capacity of new energy continues to grow and the
                    need for power system regulation rises, new-type energy storage
                    is gradually expanding from a policy-driven co-located storage
                    model to diversified scenarios such as independent energy
                    storage, industrial and commercial energy storage, microgrids
                    and virtual power plants. The Special Action Plan for Large-scale
                    Construction of New-type Energy Storage (2025-2027) issued
                    by the National Development and Reform Commission and the
                    National Energy Administration of the PRC proposes that, by
                    2027, nationwide installed capacity of new-type energy storage
                    should reach more than 180 million kW, expected to drive direct
                    project investment of approximately RMB250 billion. The Notice
                    on Improving the Capacity Tariff Mechanism on the Power
                    Generation Side issued in January 2026, for the first time at the
                    national level, clearly establishes a capacity tariff mechanism for
                    independent new-type energy storage on the grid side, further
                    driving energy storage value to extend from single energy (kWh)
                    returns toward diversified value such as capacity and regulation.
                    Meanwhile, industry competition is shifting from competition
                    on equipment prices to comprehensive competition in product
                    safety, system efficiency, project acquisition, engineering delivery
                    and long-term operating capabilities.

                    During the Reporting Period, the Group further focused on
                    key directions such as large-scale ESS, grid-side and industrial
                    and commercial energy storage, and continued to improve its
                    product system and system solutions. The overseas-version 261
                    kWh AC/DC integrated cabinet and the 5 MWh containerized ESS
                    completed relevant testing and certification, and a smart liquid-
                    cooled ESS of 6 MWh and above equipped with 588 Ah large-
                    capacity cells was formally launched. The Group concurrently
                    advanced R&D on microgrid and virtual power plant energy
                    management systems, enhancing load forecasting, battery state
                    management and system dispatch capabilities. Centered on
                    application scenarios such as zero-carbon parks, island microgrids




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                         15
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                           and telecommunications energy storage, the Group actively
                           advanced project development and solution validation, and
                           explored diversified business models including equipment supply,
                           system integration, consortium EPC and project development,
                           further building product and delivery capabilities in the energy
                           storage business.

                           In overseas markets, focusing on key regions including Southeast
                           Asia, Europe, Australia and Africa, the Group continued to advance
                           product certification, channel building and project cooperation.
                           The first batch of 261 kWh liquid-cooled energy storage cabinets
                           in South Africa achieved grid connection during the Reporting
                           Period, and the Group steadily advanced opportunities in
                           Southeast Asian photovoltaic-storage and data centre supporting
                           energy storage projects. Facing challenges such as intensifying
                           industry competition, relatively long project cycles and the
                           accelerating evolution of business models, the Group adhered
                           to prudent investment and a value-oriented approach, focusing
                           on screening projects with genuine demand, reasonable returns
                           and controllable risks, and further strengthened capabilities in
                           system integration, engineering design, project financing, global
                           grid connection and localized delivery, so as to drive the energy
                           storage business gradually from capability building and model
                           validation toward scaled and sustainable development.




16                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                      Interim Report 2026


                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             (2)    Other Li-ion Battery Businesses

                    In the light motive battery field, the Group continued to focus on
                    niche scenarios, improve customer mix and enhance operating
                    quality, with emphasis on electric two-wheeled vehicles, electric
                    three-wheeled vehicles, shared mobility, battery swapping
                    operations, industrial vehicles and special vehicles, with products
                    covering OEM vehicle matching, shared mobility, battery
                    swapping operations and traditional channel markets. The Group
                    continued to improve its product matrix from 12 Ah to 280 Ah
                    and from 24 V to 72 V, advanced the adaptation of lithium iron
                    phosphate batteries across different vehicle models and usage
                    scenarios and, by strengthening key customer development,
                    channel building and after-sales services, further enhanced
                    market reach and delivery assurance capabilities.

                    In industrial motive power and special applications, focusing on
                    scenarios with relatively high requirements for safety, cycle life
                    and environmental adaptability — such as forklifts, golf carts,
                    all-terrain vehicles and vessels — the Group advanced product
                    development, customer validation and market introduction.
                    Targeting different application operating conditions, the Group
                    continued to enhance capabilities in battery system integration,
                    battery management, thermal management and structural safety,
                    and strengthened collaborative development with equipment
                    manufacturers and operating customers. Related businesses
                    remain at the stage of market cultivation and order accumulation.
                    The Group will prioritise projects with clear demand and sustained
                    procurement potential, and gradually build differentiated product
                    and customer bases.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                        17
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                           In telecommunications energy storage, focusing on application
                           scenarios such as communications base stations, data centres
                           and backup power supply for related infrastructure, the Group
                           continued to improve Li-ion battery products and solutions,
                           and deepened cooperation with key customers including ZTE
                           Corporation. During the Reporting Period, the Group further
                           expanded product specifications and application scope, enhanced
                           overall product performance in safety, cycle life, environmental
                           adaptability and power supply reliability, and continuously
                           strengthened collaborative development with customers and
                           stable delivery capabilities. Leveraging long-accumulated
                           technology, manufacturing and customer foundations, the Group
                           steadily expanded domestic and overseas telecommunications
                           backup power supply and related markets, further consolidating
                           the order base and development resilience of this business.

                           In overseas markets, the Group actively expanded application
                           markets such as electric motorcycle battery swapping in Africa,
                           electric two- and three-wheeled vehicles in Southeast Asia,
                           and golf carts and all-terrain vehicles in Europe and the United
                           States, and continued to advance product certification, channel
                           cooperation and the building of localized service systems. Facing
                           challenges including intense price competition in the motive Li-
                           ion battery market, fragmented orders and capacity utilization that
                           has yet to improve, the Group will remain oriented toward orders
                           and profitability, strengthen production and sales coordination,
                           cost control and flexible manufacturing, enhance the matching
                           efficiency between existing capacity and customer demand,
                           and drive the Li-ion battery business to accelerate operating
                           improvement and gradually form a sustainable business model.




18                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2026


                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             2.     Sodium-ion Batteries

                    Sodium-ion batteries offer certain potential in resource availability,
                    low-temperature adaptability and safety performance, and are
                    an important complement to the existing battery technology
                    system. In recent years, industry product development, customer
                    validation and demonstration applications have continued to
                    advance. Certain enterprises have explored commercialization
                    through vehicle manufacturer cooperation, energy storage
                    projects and industr y chain collaboration, with related
                    applications gradually extending to niche scenarios such as
                    energy storage, light motive power, automotive starting and
                    start-stop, and low-temperature environments. The Action Plan
                    for the High-Quality Development of Emerging Energy Storage
                    Manufacturing Industry issued by eight departments including
                    the MIIT proposes promoting engineering and application
                    technology breakthroughs for sodium-ion batteries and
                    strengthening the layout of related technical standards.

                    The Group regards sodium-ion batteries as an important
                    component of its multi-pathway product system and, drawing
                    on its foundation in light motive power, automotive batteries
                    and market channels, focuses on advancing technology R&D and
                    product layout around scenarios with differentiated application
                    value.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          19
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                           During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to advance
                           iterative upgrades and market validation of sodium-ion battery
                           products such as “Tianna T2 (天鈉T2)”. Products for two-wheeled
                           vehicles have achieved small-batch delivery, and sample testing
                           and product introduction with downstream vehicle manufacturers
                           have been advanced, with certain projects having entered the
                           design finalization and validation stage. The Group concurrently
                           completed R&D of the second-generation automotive start-stop
                           sodium-ion batteries, and developed product solutions suitable
                           for special operating conditions such as alpine environments,
                           further broadening the potential application boundaries of
                           sodium-ion batteries. The Group continued to strengthen R&D
                           on core materials, cells and battery systems, advanced product
                           testing, process validation and customer introduction, improved
                           supply chain and quality management systems, and accelerated
                           product iteration and market response across different application
                           scenarios.

                      3.   Solid-state Batteries

                           As the battery industry continues to develop toward high
                           safety, high specific energy and wide temperature range, the
                           Group regards solid-state batteries as an important initiative for
                           completing its multi-pathway product system and cultivating
                           medium- to long-term competitiveness. At this stage, it focuses
                           on advancing the iteration and scenario application of semi-solid
                           (hybrid solid-liquid) battery products, while continuing research
                           on key materials, cell design and engineering processes for all-
                           solid-state batteries. On the policy front, the Action Plan for Steady
                           Growth of the Electronic Information Manufacturing Industry
                           2025-2026 issued by the MIIT and the State Administration for
                           Market Regulation calls for strengthening basic research and
                           innovation platform building for frontier technologies such as
                           all-solid-state batteries, creating favorable conditions for related
                           technology R&D and industrial collaboration.




20                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                   Interim Report 2026


                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                    The Group continued to improve its “Panshi (磐石)” series semi-
                    solid battery product system, which now comprises multiple
                    specifications including 48V30Ah, 48V35Ah, 72V50Ah and
                    72V100Ah. The products can be applied to light mobility
                    tools such as electric bicycles, electric scooters and high-end
                    electric motorcycles, meeting differentiated needs such as
                    daily commuting and high-performance riding. During the
                    Reporting Period, the Group continued to advance performance
                    optimization, customer validation and scenario expansion of
                    related products, enhancing product adaptability to different
                    motive power requirements and usage environments.

                    In emerging application fields, focusing on scenarios with
                    relatively high requirements for safety, energy density, power
                    and cycle performance, such as unmanned aerial vehicles and
                    robots, the Group carried out product development, engineering
                    validation and application cooperation with industry chain
                    partners, driving the continuous validation and optimization
                    of “Xingchen (星辰)”, “Maidong (脈動)” and other series battery
                    products under real usage environments. Among them, the




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                     21
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                           “Maidong (脈動)” solid-state batteries designed for robots have
                           commenced performance validation in actual scenarios. The
                           Group also became one of the first members of the Commercial
                           Community Service Robot Working Group under the National
                           Robot Standardization Technical Committee, participating in
                           the research and formulation of standards related to robot
                           energy systems. Going forward, guided by market demand and
                           technological maturity, the Group will steadily advance product
                           validation, technology iteration and application expansion.

                      4.   Hydrogen Fuel Cells

                           Hydrogen energy, as a secondary energy source with both energy
                           and industrial feedstock attributes, is accelerating its extension
                           from transportation demonstration toward diversified scenarios
                           such as long-duration energy storage, marine power, distributed
                           power generation and industrial decarbonization. China’s
                           Government Work Report 2026 further proposed cultivating
                           new growth drivers such as hydrogen energy and green fuels,
                           and the focus of industrial development is also gradually shifting
                           from single technology breakthroughs toward greater self-
                           reliance in key components, enhanced system reliability and the
                           commercialization of application scenarios. Building on long-term
                           technology reserves, the Group continued to improve its R&D
                           system for core materials, key components and system integration
                           of hydrogen fuel cells, and advanced product development and
                           application expansion around transportation, energy storage,
                           marine power, distributed power generation and other scenarios.




22                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2026


                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                      During the Reporting Period, the Group launched the “Chenxing
                      (辰星)” series of high-power fuel cell products, including models
                      such as T-280 and N-345, targeting application scenarios such as
                      long-haul heavy-duty transportation, long-duration hydrogen
                      energy storage, marine power, distributed power generation and
                      construction machinery. In respect of application expansion, the
                      Group actively advanced scenario validation of hydrogen fuel cells
                      in urban green mobility, launched hydrogen-electric solutions for
                      shared bicycles, and cooperated with relevant industrial partners
                      on vehicle development, energy replenishment and operation
                      services. At the same time, the Group continued to advance
                      customer engagement and demonstration applications of fuel
                      cell products in heavy-duty commercial vehicles, vessels and
                      stationary power generation.

(III)   Recycling Industry

        Centered on full-lifecycle management of batteries, the Group continued to
        improve recycling and utilization systems for lead-acid batteries and Li-ion
        batteries, promoting the coordinated development of used battery collection,
        compliant transportation, dismantling and treatment, material regeneration and
        remanufacturing applications. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s recycling
        industry recorded external operating income of approximately RMB2.128 billion.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          23
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             1.       Recycling of High-end Eco-friendly Batteries

                      Used lead-acid batteries have relatively high resource recovery value and
                      are also hazardous waste subject to strict legal management. During the
                      Reporting Period, the Group continued to strengthen whole-process
                      management of the collection, transportation, storage, dismantling and
                      resource utilization of used batteries, and improved mechanisms for flow
                      tracing, environmental risk control and product quality management.
                      During the Reporting Period, the Group’s used lead-acid battery recycling
                      business maintained stable operations and recorded external operating
                      income of approximately RMB1.161 billion.

                      Leveraging recycling industrial bases and an extensive recycling service
                      system, the Group continued to strengthen whole-process management
                      of the collection, transportation, storage, dismantling and resource
                      utilization of used lead-acid batteries, and improved mechanisms for
                      used battery flow tracing, environmental risk control and product
                      quality management. Facing lead price fluctuations and cost pressures
                      in feedstock procurement, the Group further strengthened overall
                      coordination of procurement, inventory, production and sales, arranged
                      feedstock procurement and production pace on a reasonable basis, and
                      mitigated the impact of price fluctuations on operating results.

                      In respect of production operations, the Group continued to advance
                      technical renovation of production lines and process optimization,
                      enhanced equipment operating efficiency, resource recovery levels
                      and product quality stability, and strengthened the comprehensive
                      utilization of associated valuable resources, further improving resource
                      utilization efficiency and product structure. The reuse of materials such as
                      secondary lead and recycled plastics in battery manufacturing after their
                      recovery help to reduce reliance on primary resources, lower resource
                      consumption and environmental impact across the industry chain, and
                      strengthen raw material assurance at the battery manufacturing end.




24                                                       TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                         Interim Report 2026


                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             In respect of industry chain cooperation, during the Reporting Period, the
             Group deepened cooperation with a leading international automotive
             low-voltage battery enterprise around raw material supply, used battery
             recycling and full-lifecycle management of batteries, further linking
             compliant recycling of used batteries, supply of regenerated materials
             and battery manufacturing. The Group also continued to explore the
             international application of its recycling industry capabilities, cooperating
             with battery enterprises in South America on circular production
             processes, quality management, technology R&D and logistics systems,
             and driving the cooperation model to extend from the supply of
             regenerated products toward collaboration in technology and operating
             capabilities. During the year, the Group’s “Battery Materials Circular
             Regeneration and Low-carbon Supply Chain Collaborative Innovation
             Project” was selected as an outstanding case under the “Climate
             Lighthouse (氣候燈塔)” of Shanghai Climate Week, reflecting the Group’s
             practical achievements in full-lifecycle management of batteries, resource
             recycling and utilization and low-carbon supply chain building.

      2.     Li-ion Battery Recycling

             As new energy vehicles and energy storage batteries gradually enter
             the retirement cycle, the industrial value of Li-ion battery recycling and
             utilization is extending from end-of-pipe environmental disposal to key
             resource assurance, supply chain security and full-lifecycle management
             of batteries. The Interim Measures for the Administration of Recycling
             and Comprehensive Utilization of Used Power Batteries of New Energy
             Vehicles, effective from April 2026, further strengthen requirements
             on power battery coding, flow reporting, recycling responsibilities and
             comprehensive utilization. Meanwhile, fluctuations in the prices of metals
             such as lithium, nickel and cobalt, competition for used batteries and
             black mass resources, differentiation in end demand, and rising costs
             of auxiliary materials continue to place relatively high requirements on
             the industry’s capabilities in resource organization, price management,
             capacity utilization and cost control. During the Reporting Period, the
             Group’s Li-ion battery recycling business recorded external operating
             income of approximately RMB967 million, with continued improvement
             in operating performance.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                           25
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                      Drawing on its long-term accumulation in battery manufacturing and
                      resource recycling, the Group continued to improve capabilities in used
                      Li-ion battery collection, pre-treatment, hydrometallurgy and resource
                      regeneration and utilization, and has formed an industrial layout with the
                      coordinated development of two major bases in Changxing, Zhejiang
                      and Binhai, Jiangsu, with a combined annual treatment capacity of 73,000
                      tonnes of used batteries, covering ternary and lithium iron phosphate
                      material systems. During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to
                      advance capacity ramp-up, process optimization and lean operations,
                      strengthened overall coordination of procurement, production, inventory
                      and sales, and promoted the orderly release of existing capacity.

                      In respect of technology, the Group continued to improve a process
                      system linking pre-treatment with hydrometallurgy, strengthening the
                      extraction of valuable metals, impurity control, product quality and
                      production safety management. At present, the Group’s comprehensive
                      lithium recovery rate exceeds 95%, and recovery rates of metals such as
                      nickel, cobalt and manganese exceed 99%. The Group also advanced
                      technology optimization and industrialization validation around lithium
                      iron phosphate repair and the utilization of regenerated materials,
                      enhancing treatment capabilities for different feedstock sources and
                      material systems, and improving resource utilization efficiency as well as
                      the stability and market applicability of regenerated products.

                      In respect of resources and markets, the Group continued to build
                      specialized, diversified and traceable Li-ion battery recycling channels,
                      strengthened industrial collaboration with battery manufacturers, vehicle
                      manufacturers, operating platforms, professional recycling service
                      providers and materials enterprises, and drove resource acquisition
                      to extend gradually from market-based procurement toward long-
                      term cooperation and source-level resource organization. During
                      the Reporting Period, business with the Group’s strategic customers-
                      maintained growth, overseas feedstock procurement made progress,
                      and the Group continued to expand resource channels and localized
                      cooperation in Northeast Asia, Southeast Asia and other regions, further
                      enhancing feedstock assurance and domestic-overseas resource
                      coordination capabilities.




26                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                      Interim Report 2026


                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


             During the Reporting Period, the Group participated in co-organizing
             an international standards seminar on the EU Battery Regulation and
             the recycling and utilization of retired batteries, and exchanged views
             with domestic and overseas industry institutions and experts on topics
             including battery regulatory compliance, battery passports, recycling
             and utilization of retired batteries, safe logistics and reuse standards.
             Combining industrial practice, it also shared experiences in battery
             materials manufacturing, collecting treatment and recycling and
             utilization, further strengthening research on the development trends
             of international rules and standards for full-lifecycle management
             of batteries. Going forward, the Group will remain oriented toward
             profitability and cash flow, coordinate resource acquisition, inventory
             turnover, capacity release and cost control, and continuously enhance
             the operating quality and sustainable development capabilities of the Li-
             ion battery recycling business.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                        27
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     STRATEGIC PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT DIRECTION
     Facing the accelerated green and low-carbon transition of the global energy system,
     and aligning with the trend of energy industry transformation, the Group adheres to
     long-termism, takes the continuous enhancement of operating quality and shareholder
     returns as its core, builds on its core green energy business, and advances its business
     layout around “consolidating the fundamentals, expanding the growth engine and
     cultivating new tracks”. It strengthens supporting capabilities in technological innovation,
     globalisation, resource recycling and intelligent manufacturing, continuously enhances
     operating quality, industrial resilience and long-term development capabilities, and
     steadily implements its various strategic initiatives.

     Consolidating the fundamentals and continuously enhancing the competitive
     quality of advantageous businesses. Lead-acid batteries remain the core foundation
     of the Group’s operating development. Drawing on the product, manufacturing,
     channel and service advantages formed in the light motive market, the Group will
     continue to consolidate its market position in light electric vehicle motive batteries, and
     actively expand application fields such as industrial motive power, automotive batteries
     and backup power supply. The Group will place greater emphasis on product quality,
     technology upgrades, cost control, channel efficiency and service system building,
     drive its operating focus further from scale growth toward equal weight on quality,
     profitability and customer value, and actively respond to periodic pressures arising from
     raw material price fluctuations and changes in market demand. At the same time, the
     Group will continue to improve quality management and supply chain management
     systems, strengthen whole-process control from raw materials and manufacturing to
     terminal services, and maintain brand reputation and customer trust with stable and
     reliable products and services.

     Expanding the growth engine and driving new businesses from capability
     building toward operating contribution. The Group will expand development space
     around Li-ion battery applications, energy storage market expansion, overseas expansion
     and resource recycling. The Li-ion battery and energy storage businesses will focus on
     niche scenarios with a customer base, technology accumulation and conditions for
     commercialization, strengthen product safety, system integration, cost control and
     project delivery capabilities, deploy capacity in an orderly manner in light of market
     orders and project return cadence, and drive synergistic improvement in business scale,
     profitability and cash flow quality. Comprehensively assessing market demand, customer
     quality, technological maturity and investment returns, the Group will pace investment
     intensity and development rhythm on a reasonable basis, and promote emerging
     businesses to gradually make sustainable operating contribution.


28                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                            Interim Report 2026


                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Globalisation will continue to be an important pathway for the Group to open up
incremental markets and enhance industrial capabilities. The Group will improve
overseas production, supply chains, market channels and service networks, strengthen
coordination between domestic R&D and manufacturing resources and overseas
production bases and, having regard to the regulatory standards, climate conditions,
energy structures and application needs of different regions, advance product
adaptation, certification and market access, channel building and localized services. At
the same time, adhering to adaptation to local conditions, priority for profitability and
controllable risks, the Group will strengthen the identification and management of risks
such as international trade policies, exchange rate fluctuations, supply chain changes,
overseas compliance and operating safety, so as to promote the steady development of
overseas business.

The resource recycling industry is both an important business for the Group to expand
growth space and a key link for enhancing raw material assurance for the core battery
business and full-lifecycle service capabilities. The lead resource recycling business will
further strengthen closed-loop collaboration among used battery recycling, regenerated
material supply and lead-acid battery manufacturing, enhancing capabilities in resource
acquisition, cost control and refined operations. The Li-ion battery recycling business will,
leveraging existing capacity, technology and process capabilities, continue to expand
specialized and traceable resource channels, strengthen industrial collaboration with
battery enterprises, vehicle manufacturers, operating platforms and materials enterprises,
and drive the business to extend from used battery treatment toward recovery of
valuable metals, utilization of regenerated materials and full-lifecycle management.
The Group will also strengthen information management of recycling sources, flow
processes, treatment destinations and applications of regenerated materials, and actively
study domestic and overseas battery regulations, carbon footprint management, battery
passports and recycling and utilization standards, so as to drive the recycling industry
toward standardized, refined and internationalized development.

Cultivating new tracks and building multi-pathway technology reserves
oriented toward the future. Guided by the differentiated requirements of application
scenarios for safety, energy density, cycle life, low-temperature performance and full-
lifecycle cost, the Group will continue to lay out battery technologies such as sodium-ion
batteries, solid-state batteries and hydrogen fuel cells. Different technology pathways
intersect and each has adaptive advantages in scenarios such as light motive power,
energy storage, industrial motive power, transportation and backup power supply.
The Group will adhere to a scenario-driven and pragmatic approach to technology
development, and advance materials R&D, product development, engineering
validation and demonstration applications around real customer needs. For directions

TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                              29
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     where technology and market conditions are relatively mature, it will accelerate
     product iteration, cost improvement and customer validation; for directions still at the
     cultivation stage, it will maintain necessary investment and continuous tracking, and
     advance industrialization after clear technological advantages, application demand and
     commercial closed loops are formed.

     Technological innovation will run through the Group’s upgrade of advantageous
     industries, development of emerging businesses and cultivation of frontier technologies.
     The Group will strengthen collaborative R&D across key links including material systems,
     cell technology, product design, system integration, safety management and recycling
     and utilization, and drive R&D activities to connect more effectively with manufacturing,
     market demand and application scenarios. The Group will continue to deepen
     industry-university-research cooperation and industry chain collaboration, improve
     mechanisms for technology evaluation, engineering validation and commercialization
     of results, take technological advancement, product reliability, cost competitiveness
     and commercialization value as important criteria for testing R&D outcomes, and
     concentrate innovation resources on directions that can solve practical problems and
     create customer value.

     The Group will also accelerate the integration of digitalization, intelligent manufacturing
     and green manufacturing, drive the in-depth application of digital technologies in
     R&D and design, production scheduling, process control, quality tracing, equipment
     operation and maintenance, energy management and supply chain collaboration,
     and enhance the timeliness of operating decisions and the refinement of production
     operations. Green and low-carbon concepts will further run through the entire
     process of raw material procurement, product design, manufacturing, logistics and
     transportation, product use and recycling and regeneration, promote the efficient
     utilization of energy and resources, and improve the management of carbon emissions,
     environmental impact and full product lifecycle.

     Based on the market environment, technological progress and business performance,
     the Group will continue to dynamically optimize the pace of business deployment
     to safeguard input-output efficiency. By holding the foundation of advantageous
     businesses, opening growth space for new businesses and maintaining continuous
     investment in frontier technologies, the Group will strive to build a more robust,
     diversified industrial system with sustained evolutionary capabilities, creating long-term
     value for customers, shareholders, employees and society.




30                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                          Interim Report 2026


                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue

The Group’s revenue for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB22,683 million,
representing a decrease of approximately 6.24% as compared with the same period
last year. It was mainly due to the proactive downward adjustment of revenue of
trading business. Specifically, revenue from the manufacturing industry was RMB22,571
million, representing an increase of approximately 6.62% as compared with the same
period last year; revenue from trading was RMB112 million, representing a decrease of
approximately 96.28% as compared with the same period last year.

Gross profit

The gross profit for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB2,316 million,
representing a decrease of approximately 8.70% as compared with the same period
last year. Specifically, the gross profit margin of the manufacturing industry was
approximately 10.25%, representing a decrease of approximately 1.67 percentage points
as compared with the same period last year. It was mainly attributable to the decrease in
gross profit margin of low-speed power batteries and industrial batteries as well as Li-ion
batteries.

Other income

The Group’s other income for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB534 million
(for the six months ended 30 June 2025: approximately RMB889 million), representing
a decrease of approximately 39.93% as compared with the same period last year. It was
mainly attributable to the decrease in government subsidies.

Distribution and selling expenses

Distribution and selling expenses of the Group for the Reporting Period were
approximately RMB615 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: approximately
RMB592 million), representing an increase of approximately 3.93% compared to the
same period last year, which was mainly attributable to the increase in travelling fees
and staff remuneration.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                            31
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Administrative expenses

     Administrative expenses of the Group for the Reporting Period were approximately
     RMB612 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: approximately RMB561 million),
     representing an increase of approximately 9.10% compared to the same period last year,
     which was mainly attributable to the increase in staff remuneration and tax expenses
     paid.

     Research and development costs

     R&D costs of the Group for the Reporting Period were approximately RMB975 million
     (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: approximately RMB942 million), representing
     an increase of approximately 3.52% compared to the same period last year, which
     was mainly attributable to the Company’s continued investment in research and
     development to maintain its industry-leading technological position and support the
     launch of new products.

     Finance costs

     Finance costs of the Group for the Reporting Period were approximately RMB211 million
     (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: approximately RMB235 million), representing
     a decrease of approximately 10.50% compared to the same period last year, which was
     mainly due to the decrease in loan size and loan interest rate.

     Operating activities cash flow

     The net cash outflow from operating activities of the Group for the Reporting Period
     was approximately RMB538 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: net cash
     inflow of approximately RMB891 million). It was mainly attributable to the increase in the
     inventory scale and receivables of the Group.

     As at 30 June 2026, the equity attributable to the owners of the Company amounted
     to approximately RMB17,217 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB17,298
     million). The Group’s capital structure is equity attributable to owners of the Company,
     comprising issued share capital, reserves and accumulated profits.




32                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                            Interim Report 2026


                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


As at 30 June 2026, the Group had total assets of approximately RMB68,850 million,
which increased by approximately 24.87% as compared with approximately RMB55,139
million as at 31 December 2025. Among them, the total current assets increased by
approximately 52.41% to approximately RMB51,742 million and the total non-current
assets decreased by approximately 19.26% to approximately RMB17,108 million as
compared with the amount as at 31 December 2025. The increase in the current assets
was mainly due to the increase in bank deposits and account receivables. The decrease
in the non-current assets was mainly due to the decrease in restricted bank deposits.

As at 30 June 2026, the total liabilities of the Group were approximately RMB48,642
million, which increased by approximately 39.69% as compared with approximately
RMB34,821 million as at 31 December 2025. Among them, the total current liabilities
increased by approximately 45.61% to approximately RMB43,566 million and the total
non-current liabilities increased by approximately 3.54% to approximately RMB5,076
million as at 31 December 2025. The increase in the current liabilities was mainly due to
the increase in bills payable and short-term loans held by the Group. The increase in the
non-current liabilities was mainly due to the increase in issued bond payables.

As at 30 June 2026, the cash and bank balances of the Group (including pledged bank
deposits and bank deposits) were approximately RMB28,710 million (31 December 2025:
approximately RMB19,039 million), of which approximately RMB660 million, RMB109
million and approximately RMB66 million are denominated in US dollars, Vietnam Dong
and Hong Kong dollars, respectively. As at 30 June 2026, the interest bearing borrowings
and loan notes (together, “interest bearing loans”) of the Group with maturity of
within one year amounted to approximately RMB23,687 million (31 December 2025:
approximately RMB10,309 million). The interest bearing loans with maturity of more
than one year amounted to approximately RMB3,565 million (31 December 2025:
approximately RMB3,322 million). The interest bearing loans were approximately
RMB27,252 million. The loans denominated in RMB had fixed interest rates ranging
from approximately 1.58% to 5.5% (2025: approximately 1.38% to 5.50%) per annum. In
conclusion, the borrowings of the Group as at 30 June 2026 remained at a healthy and
controllable level. With unutilised credit facilities of approximately RMB24,600 million, the
Group will take a cautious stance and maximise the interests of the shareholders and the
Company in striking a balance between borrowings and funding utilisation. Moreover,
with continuously improving the fund structure as its financial objective in the long run,
the Group will optimise its loan structure with further use of long term loans.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                              33
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Pledge of assets

     As at 30 June 2026, the bank facilities and bank borrowings of the Group were secured
     by its bank deposits, bills receivables, property, plant and equipment, and land use
     rights. The aggregate net book value of the assets pledged amounted to approximately
     RMB21,901 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB13,449 million).

     Gearing ratio

     As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s gearing ratio, defined as the percentage of the sum of
     current and non-current portions of interest bearing loans against the total assets, was
     approximately 39.58% (31 December 2025: approximately 24.72%).

     Exposure to exchange rate fluctuations

     As the Group’s operations were mainly conducted in China and the majority of its
     businesses were transacted in RMB, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) is of the view
     that the Company’s operating cash flow and liquidity are not subject to significant
     foreign exchange rate risk.

     Contingent liabilities

     The Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2026 (31
     December 2025: Nil).

     Capital commitments

     The amount contracted for but not stated in the condensed consolidated financial
     statements in respect of the acquisition of property, plant and equipment as at 30 June
     2026 was approximately RMB471 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB757
     million).




34                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                           Interim Report 2026


                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Employees and remuneration policies

As at 30 June 2026, the Group employed a total of 21,127 employees (30 June 2025:
20,709 employees). Staff cost of the Group for the Reporting Period was approximately
RMB1,469 million (for the for the six months ended 30 June 2025: approximately
RMB1,335 million). The cost included basic salaries and staff benefits such as
discretionary bonus, medical and insurance plans, pension scheme, unemployment
insurance plan, etc. Competitive remuneration packages were offered to employees
by the Group. The Group has adopted incentive programs to encourage employees’
performance and a range of training programs for the development of its staff.

Interim dividend

The Board does not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the Reporting
Period (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: Nil).

Significant investments held

There were no significant investments held by the Group as at 30 June 2026.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss mainly
included unlisted financial products purchased from commercial banks. The following
table summarises the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as at 30
June 2026:




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                             35
     Interim Report 2026


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                                                                                                       of total
                                                                                                                Investment        Fair value      assets of the
                                      Product                                       Principal                 cost/nominal              as at   Company as at
     Issuer                           category                                      activities                        value   30 June 2026       30 June 2026
                                                                                                                  (RMB’000)        (RMB’000)

     BOC                              Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             240,000.00       240,767.05             0.35%
     CCB                              Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             300,771.10       302,135.26             0.44%
     CITIC Bank                       Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             200,000.00       201,060.00             0.29%
     China Merchants Bank             Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             230,000.00       230,529.95             0.33%
     CIB                              Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             334,110.30       336,155.21             0.49%
     Ping An Bank                     Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             200,000.00       200,904.89             0.29%
     PSBC                             Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             100,000.00       100,171.75             0.15%
     Bank of Ningbo                   Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             170,000.00       173,146.01             0.25%
     Bank of Jinhua                   Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             300,000.00       308,738.24             0.45%
     EverGrowing Bank                 Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             200,000.00       201,231.46             0.29%
     SRCB                             Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             150,000.00       150,634.82             0.22%
     CITIC Securities                 Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             300,000.00       301,245.31             0.44%
     Galaxy Securities                Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             200,000.00       201,843.84             0.29%
     Dongxing Securities              Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             200,000.00       201,247.24             0.29%
     Zheshang Securities              Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services              50,000.00        50,177.88             0.07%
     East Money Securities            Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             200,000.00       200,259.51             0.29%
     CCB Trust                        Raised funds for wealth management products   Banking services             150,000.00       150,084.00             0.22%
     ICBC                             Structured deposit                            Banking services             200,000.00       201,972.60             0.29%
     Bank of Communications           Structured deposit                            Banking services             300,000.00       302,700.00             0.44%
     Bank of Jiangsu                  Structured deposit                            Banking services             200,000.00       201,265.00             0.29%
     Bohai Bank                       Structured deposit                            Banking services             300,000.00       301,456.67             0.44%
     Minsheng Bank                    Structured deposit                            Banking services              30,000.00        30,126.58             0.04%
     Bank of Hangzhou                 Structured deposit                            Banking services             100,000.00       100,305.56             0.15%
     Xiamen International             Structured deposit                            Banking services             280,000.00       280,457.33             0.41%
     Galaxy Securities                Structured deposit                            Banking services             130,000.00       130,094.18             0.19%

     Listed company                   Equity securities listed in Hong Kong                                       29,035.94        45,898.41             0.07%

     Changxing Meishan Fumei           Equity investments                                                          6,000.00         6,000.00             0.01%
         Equity Investment Partnership
         (Limited Partnership)

     Everbright Securities            Everbright Sunshine Fund                                                         6.90             6.90           0.0000%

     CITIC Futures Co., Ltd.          Futures                                       Futures and derivatives              –          1,930.00           0.0028%




36                                                                                               TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2026


                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL
The Group has no material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed on page 86 of this report in relation to the 2018 Share Option Scheme,
at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company, its parent company or any
of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or any of their
spouses or children under 18 years of age to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of
shares in, or debt securities, including debentures, of the Company or any other body
corporate.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          37
     Interim Report 2026


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     The Company is committed to ensuring high standards of corporate governance. The
     Board believes that good corporate governance practices are increasingly important
     for maintaining and promoting investors’ confidence. The Company has adopted and
     complied with the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as
     contained in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
     the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) during the Reporting Period, except for the code
     provision C.2.1 of the CG Code. Dr. Zhang Tianren is both the chairman (“Chairman”)
     and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the Company who is responsible for managing
     the Group’s business. The Board considers that vesting the roles of Chairman and CEO
     in the same person facilitates the execution of the Company’s business strategies and
     maximizes the effectiveness of its operation. With the present Board structure and scope
     of business, the Board considers that there is no imminent need to separate the roles
     into two individuals. However, the Board will continue to review the effectiveness of the
     Group’s corporate governance structure to assess whether the separation of the position
     of the Chairman and CEO is necessary.

     The primary duties of the Company’s audit committee (inter alia) are to review the
     financial reporting system, the risk management and internal control systems of the
     Group, and to make proposals to the Board as to appointment, renewal and resignation
     of the Company’s independent external auditors and the related remuneration and
     appointment terms. The Company’s audit committee has reviewed this interim report
     with the management of the Company and the Company’s independent external
     auditors and recommended its adoption by the Board.

     The interim financial information of the Group in this report has not been audited.
     However, it has been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34
     “Interim Financial Reporting” and has been reviewed by the Company’s independent
     external auditors, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, in accordance with the Hong Kong
     Standard on Review Engagement 2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information
     Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”.

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
     Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Having
     made specific enquiry of all Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have complied
     with the required standard for securities transactions set out in the Model Code
     throughout the Reporting Period.

     Other than the above disclosures, the Company has also complied with Rules 3.10(1),
     3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules and appointed three independent non-executive
     Directors including one with financial management expertise.



38                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                       Interim Report 2026


REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




To the Board of Directors of
Tianneng Power International Limited

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of Tianneng Power
International Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as
the “Group”) set out on pages 41 to 81, which comprise the condensed consolidated
statement of financial position as of 30 June 2026 and the related condensed
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed
consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement
of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim
financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong
Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) as issued by
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). The directors of
the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these condensed
consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is
to express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based
on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance
with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review
Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the
Independent Auditor of the Entity” as issued by the HKICPA. A review of these condensed
consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons
responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other
review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable
us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might
be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                         39
     Interim Report 2026


     REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     CONCLUSION

     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe
     that the condensed consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material
     respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     28 August 2026




40                                                  TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                Interim Report 2026


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                       2026              2025
                                         NOTES      RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                 (unaudited)       (unaudited)

Revenue                                    3      22,683,097        24,191,916
Cost of sales                                    (20,366,899)      (21,655,008)

Gross profit                                      2,316,198           2,536,908
Other income                               5        534,150             889,227
Other gains and losses                     6         65,144               4,059
Impairment losses (including reversals
  of impairment losses or impairment
  gains) on financial assets              15        (87,556)             10,762
Distribution and selling expenses                  (615,299)           (592,053)
Administrative expenses                            (612,462)           (561,364)
Research and development costs                     (975,126)           (941,991)
Share of results of associates                        2,518              (6,272)
Finance costs                                      (210,653)           (235,375)

Profit before tax                                   416,914           1,103,901
Income tax expense                         7        (85,774)           (181,423)

Profit for the period                      8        331,140            922,478




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                  41
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
     AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2026               2025
                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                    (unaudited)        (unaudited)

     Other comprehensive expense:

     Item that will not be reclassified
        subsequently to profit or loss:
     Fair value loss on investments in equity
        instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income
        (“FVTOCI”), net of income tax                     (8,919)          (18,139)

     Item that may be reclassified
        subsequently to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences arising on
        translation of foreign operations                  2,890              (431)

     Other comprehensive expense for the
       period, net of income tax                          (6,029)          (18,570)

     Total comprehensive income for the
       period                                           325,111            903,908

     Profit for the period attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                            284,200            819,768
       Non-controlling interests                         46,940            102,710

                                                        331,140            922,478




42                                              TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                             Interim Report 2026


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                     2026             2025
                                        NOTE      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                               (unaudited)      (unaudited)

Total comprehensive income for the
  period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                           278,171           801,198
  Non-controlling interests                        46,940           102,710

                                                  325,111           903,908

Earnings per share                       10
  – Basic (RMB cents)                               25.24              72.80

  – Diluted (RMB cents)                             25.24              72.80




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                               43
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
     POSITION
     At 30 June 2026

                                                             30/06/2026         31/12/2025
                                                NOTES          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)           (audited)

     Non-current Assets
      Property, plant and equipment              11          13,685,869         13,969,353
      Right-of-use assets                        11           1,355,034          1,356,838
      Goodwill                                                      499                499
      Interests in associates                                   346,276            342,198
      Interests in a joint venture                               17,200             17,200
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI                              204,762            212,771
      Deferred tax assets                        12             954,470            958,162
      Prepayments for acquisition of
        property, plant and equipment                           237,175             217,246
      Loan receivables                                          170,189              75,874
      Pledged/restricted bank deposits                          136,226           4,039,280

                                                             17,107,700         21,189,421

     Current Assets
       Inventories                                            8,521,124           7,695,627
       Properties under development for
          sale/properties for sale                              921,243             905,743
       Bills, trade and other receivables        13           7,683,320           6,342,613
       Loan receivables                                         423,069             574,330
       Amounts due from related parties          24              26,767              22,347
       Debt instruments at FVTOCI                14             440,471             391,142
       Financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss (“FVTPL”)               16           5,152,546           3,018,417
       Pledged/restricted bank deposits                      19,926,513           6,484,383
       Time deposits                                          1,380,000             690,000
       Cash and cash equivalents                              7,267,413           7,825,395

                                                             51,742,466         33,949,997

44                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                              Interim Report 2026


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
POSITION (CONTINUED)
At 30 June 2026

                                                 30/06/2026      31/12/2025
                                        NOTES      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                (unaudited)        (audited)

Current liabilities
  Bills, trade and other payables        17     17,649,741        16,555,647
  Amounts due to related parties         24        271,204           224,849
  Derivative financial instruments       16          7,438            48,812
  Taxation liabilities                              77,746           202,403
  Borrowings – current portion           18     23,183,215        10,309,173
  Bonds- current portion                 19        504,093                 –
  Lease liabilities                                 14,561             6,493
  Provisions                                       437,165           499,067
  Contract liabilities                           1,421,321         2,072,606

                                                43,566,484        29,919,050

Net Current Assets                               8,175,982          4,030,947

Total Assets less Current Liabilities           25,283,682        25,220,368

Non-current liabilities
 Deferred tax liabilities                12         32,320             77,869
 Borrowings – non-current portion        18      2,227,995          3,321,713
 Bonds – non-current portion             19      1,336,843                  –
 Lease liabilities                                  26,555             29,526
 Deferred government grants                      1,452,272          1,473,153

                                                 5,075,985          4,902,261

Net assets                                      20,207,697        20,318,107




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                45
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
     POSITION (CONTINUED)
     At 30 June 2026

                                                          30/06/2026         31/12/2025
                                              NOTE          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                         (unaudited)           (audited)

     Capital and reserves
       Share capital                           20            109,850            109,850
       Share premium and reserves                         17,107,427         17,188,576

       Equity attributable to owners of the
         Company                                          17,217,277         17,298,426
       Non-controlling interests                           2,990,420          3,019,681

     Total Equity                                         20,207,697         20,318,107




46                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026


                                                                                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                        Investment                            Statutory   Discretionary                                       Non-
                                                       Share       Share    Special    Capital          revaluation       Translation           surplus         surplus    Retained                     controlling
                                                      capital   premium     reserve    reserve              reserve           reserve      reserve fund    reserve fund      profits       Subtotal       interests         Total
                                                     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


At 1 January 2026 (audited)                          109,850    778,567     10,000    3,229,014           (281,974)           (7,342)        1,628,829         143,212    11,688,270     17,298,426      3,019,681     20,318,107
Profit for the period                                      –          –          –            –                  –                 –                 –               –       284,200        284,200         46,940        331,140
Other comprehensive expense for the period                 –          –          –            –             (8,919)            2,890                 –               –             –         (6,029)             –         (6,029)


Total comprehensive (expense) income for the
  period                                                   –           –         –            –              (8,919)           2,890                 –               –      284,200        278,171          46,940       325,111

Dividend recognised as distribution (note 9)               –           –         –            –                    –                –                –               –      (358,220)      (358,220)             –       (358,220)
Dividend paid/payable to non-controlling interests         –           –         –            –                    –                –                –               –             –              –        (76,691)       (76,691)
Acquisition of a subsidiary                                –           –         –       (1,100)                   –                –                –               –             –         (1,100)           490           (610)

At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                          109,850    778,567     10,000    3,227,914           (290,893)           (4,452)        1,628,829         143,212    11,614,250     17,217,277      2,990,420     20,207,697

At 1 January 2025 (audited)                           109,850    778,567     10,000    3,326,608            (265,915)             237         1,563,441         143,212    10,494,566     16,160,566      2,748,357     18,908,923
Profit for the period                                       –          –          –            –                   –                –                 –               –       819,768        819,768        102,710        922,478
Other comprehensive expense for the period                  –          –          –            –             (18,139)            (431)                –               –             –        (18,570)             –        (18,570)

Total comprehensive (expense) income for the
  period                                                   –           –         –            –              (18,139)            (431)               –               –       819,768        801,198         102,710       903,908

Dividend recognised as distribution (note 9)               –           –         –            –                    –                –                –               –       (176,406)      (176,406)             –       (176,406)
Dividend paid/payable to non-controlling interests         –           –         –            –                    –                –                –               –              –              –       (102,545)      (102,545)
Transfer of investments in equity instruments at
   FVTOCI                                                  –           –         –            –                2,588                –                –               –         (2,588)             –              –              –
Repurchase of shares of a subsidiary                       –           –         –            –                    –                –                –               –              –              –        (25,123)       (25,123)
Recognition of equity-settled share based payment          –           –         –            –                    –                –                –               –              –              –            750            750

At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                           109,850    778,567     10,000    3,326,608            (281,466)            (194)        1,563,441         143,212    11,135,340     16,785,358      2,724,149     19,509,507




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                                                                                                                                                  47
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 2026               2025
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                           (unaudited)        (unaudited)

     Net cash (used in) from operating activities             (537,834)           890,857

     Investing activities
       Interest received                                       140,338            120,080
       Acquisition of investments in associates                 (1,560)           (24,364)
       Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
         equipment                                                8,759            23,671
       Purchase of and prepayments paid for
         the acquisition of property, plant and
         equipment                                            (686,492)          (965,351)
       Payments for leasehold lands                             (8,584)            (1,504)
       Acquisition of a subsidiary                                (610)                 –
       Proceeds from disposal of equity instruments
         at FVTPL                                               20,454              76,638
       Placement of structured bank deposits                (8,730,230)        (11,851,000)
       Withdrawal of structured bank deposits                6,633,470          10,027,517
       Placement of pledged/restricted bank
         deposits                                          (20,062,739)         (5,038,110)
       Withdrawal of pledged/restricted bank
         deposits                                           10,523,663          8,014,258
       Placement of time deposit                              (690,000)                 –
       Asset-related government grants received                  8,233            313,523
       Cash outflow from derivative financial
         instruments                                            (32,508)           (25,441)
       Payment to independent third parties for loan
         receivables                                          (149,095)          (212,129)
       Receipt of repayment for loan receivables               204,579            380,181

     Net cash (used in) from investing activities          (12,822,322)           837,969




48                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                               Interim Report 2026


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
(CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                      2026              2025
                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                (unaudited)       (unaudited)

Financing activities
  New borrowings raised                          21,985,254        11,571,095
  Repayments of borrowings                      (10,934,391)      (12,829,946)
  Bonds raised                                    1,835,484                 –
  Dividends paid                                          –          (175,311)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests       (76,691)         (102,545)
  Repayment of lease liabilities                     (7,482)           (2,084)
  Repurchase of shares of a subsidiary                    –           (25,123)

Net cash from (used in) financing activities     12,802,174         (1,563,914)

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash
  equivalents                                      (557,982)          164,912
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
  the period                                      7,825,395          9,139,377

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
  period, represented by cash and
  cash equivalents                                7,267,413          9,304,289




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                 49
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026

     1.      BASIS OF PREPARATION
             Tianneng Power International Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated and
             registered as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands
             under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands on 16 November 2004 and
             its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong
             Kong Stock Exchange”) with effect from 11 June 2007. The Company and its
             subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the “Group”.

             The Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in
             Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency of the Company.

             The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
             accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial
             Reporting ” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
             (“HKICPA”) as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules
             Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.




50                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                        Interim Report 2026


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the
      historical cost basis, except for certain financial instruments, which are measured
      at fair values.

      Other than additional accounting policies resulting from application of
      amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards, the accounting policies and
      methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial
      statements for the six months ended 30 June 2026 are the same as those
      presented in the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
      ended 31 December 2025.

      Application of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards

      In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments
      to a HKFRS Accounting Standard issued by the HKICPA, for the first time, which
      are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January
      2026 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial
      statements:

      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7         Amendments to the Classification
                                                  and Measurement of Financial
                                                  Instruments
      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7         Contracts Referencing Nature-
                                                  dependent Electricity
      Amendments to HKFRS Accounting            Annual Improvements to HKFRS
       Standards                                  Accounting Standards- Volume 11

      The application of the amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in the
      current interim period has had no material impact on the Group’s financial
      positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the
      disclosures set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                          51
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     3.      REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
             Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                               2026               2025
                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                         (unaudited)        (unaudited)

             An analysis of revenue is as follows:

             Manufacturing business
               Lead-acid battery products                 19,123,978         18,292,243
               Renewable resources product                 2,127,526          1,800,192
               Lithium-ion battery products                  872,485            501,247
               Others                                        446,565            574,554
             Trading                                         112,543          3,023,680

                                                          22,683,097         24,191,916

             Geographical markets
              Mainland China                              22,334,817         23,966,127
              Others                                         348,280            225,789

                                                          22,683,097         24,191,916

             Timing of revenue recognition
               A point in time                            22,643,803         24,162,283
               Over time                                      39,294             29,633

                                                          22,683,097         24,191,916




52                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                      Interim Report 2026


                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


4.    SEGMENT INFORMATION
      The operation of the Group constitutes two operating and reportable segments,
      (1) manufacturing business and (2) trading, which are the same as those
      presented in the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
      ended 31 December 2025.

      The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and
      reportable segments for the period:

                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2026                 2025
                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                    (unaudited)          (unaudited)

      Segment revenue
      Manufacturing business
        – external sales                            22,570,554            21,168,236
      Trading
        – external sales                                112,543             3,023,680
        – inter-segment sales                         1,064,089             1,054,562

      Segment revenue                               23,747,186            25,246,478
      Eliminations                                  (1,064,089)           (1,054,562)

      Group revenue                                 22,683,097            24,191,916

      Segment result
      Manufacturing business                            281,329              925,629
      Trading                                            (9,223)              12,596

                                                        272,106              938,225

      Unallocated
      Other gains and losses                             65,144                  4,059
      Share of results of associates                      2,518                 (6,272)
      Corporate administrative expenses                  (6,170)                (3,899)
      Financial costs                                    (2,458)                (9,635)

      Profit for the period                             331,140              922,478




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                        53
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     5.      OTHER INCOME
                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2026                    2025
                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)             (unaudited)

             Government grants
               – grants related to income (note i)                     295,905                 675,669
               – grants related to assets (note ii)                     56,325                  43,378
             Interest income                                           140,338                 120,080
             Income from sales of scrap materials                       41,429                  47,059
             Dividend income                                               153                   3,041

                                                                       534,150                 889,227

             Notes:

             i.       The government grants related to income mainly represent unconditional
                      government subsidies received from relevant government bodies to encourage
                      the operations of certain subsidiaries. The government grants are accounted for as
                      immediate financial support with no future related costs expected to be incurred
                      and are not related to any assets.

             ii.      The government grants related to assets mainly represent government subsidies
                      obtained in relation to the acquisition of land use right or equipment of certain
                      subsidiaries of the Group, which were included in the condensed consolidated
                      statement of financial position as deferred government grants and credited to
                      profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term of the land use right or
                      the useful life of the equipment.




54                                                           TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                   Interim Report 2026


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


6.    OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2026              2025
                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                    (unaudited)       (unaudited)

      Gains (losses) from changes in fair value
        of financial assets at FVTPL
        – structured bank deposits                       36,246             34,417
        – investments in listed equity securities        13,647              2,944
        – foreign currency forward contracts            (18,852)           (15,811)
        – commodity derivative contracts                 35,648            (21,544)
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and
        equipment                                       (8,174)             (8,659)
      Net foreign exchange losses                       (8,618)             (2,382)
      Others                                            15,247              15,094

                                                        65,144               4,059




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                     55
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     7.      INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2026                 2025
                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)          (unaudited)

             People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
               Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)
               – Current tax                                      78,541             264,300

             Deferred tax (note 12)
              Current period                                       7,233              (82,877)

                                                                  85,774             181,423

             The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands and Tianneng
             International Investment Holdings Limited was incorporated in the British Virgin
             Islands (the “BVI”) and as such are tax exempted as no business carried out in the
             Cayman Islands and the BVI under the tax laws of the Cayman Islands and the
             BVI, respectively.

             The subsidiaries of the Company operating in Hong Kong did not have tax
             assessable profit during both periods.

             The income tax expense of the Group is recognised based on the PRC EIT rate of
             25% during both periods. Certain subsidiaries of the Group were accredited as
             High-tech companies and enjoyed a tax rate of 15%.




56                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                Interim Report 2026


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


8.    PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD
                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                        2026             2025
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                  (unaudited)      (unaudited)

      Profit for the period has been arrived at
        after charging:

      Depreciation of property, plant and
       equipment                                     626,869           611,529
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets             22,960            17,635

      Total depreciation                             649,829            629,164
      Capitalised in inventories                    (475,642)          (454,387)

                                                     174,187           174,777

      Write-down of inventories (included in
       cost of sales)                                 94,477             72,562




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                  57
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     9.      DIVIDENDS
                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 2026               2025
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                           (unaudited)        (unaudited)

             Dividends declared during the period:

             2025 final dividend of Hong Kong dollar
               (“HK$”) 36.00 cents (approximately
               equivalent to RMB31.81 cents) per
               ordinary share                                  358,220                  –
             2024 final dividend of HK$17.00
               cents (approximately equivalent to
               RMB15.66 cents) per ordinary share                     –           176,406

                                                               358,220            176,406

             The directors did not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six
             months ended 30 June 2026 and 30 June 2025.




58                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                 Interim Report 2026


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


10.   EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                         2026             2025
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                   (unaudited)      (unaudited)

      Earnings:
      Earnings for the purposes of calculating
        basic and diluted earnings per share
        – attributable to owners of the
          Company                                     284,200           819,768

                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                         2026             2025
                                                   (unaudited)      (unaudited)

      Number of shares:
      Weighted average number of ordinary
       shares for the purpose of calculating
       basic and diluted earnings per share      1,126,124,500    1,126,124,500




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                   59
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     11.     MOVEMENTS IN PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND
             RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
             During the current interim period, the Group incurred RMB96,792,000,
             RMB176,734,000 and RMB18,729,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
             RMB391,413,000, RMB204,358,000 and RMB19,459,000) on additions of
             machinery and manufacturing plant, construction in progress and others in the
             PRC, respectively.

             In addition, during the current interim period, the Group disposed of certain
             property, plant and equipment with an aggregate carrying amount of
             RMB16,933,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB48,016,000) for proceeds
             of RMB8,759,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB39,357,000), resulting
             in a loss on disposal of RMB8,174,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
             RMB8,659,000).

             During the six months ended 30 June 2026, upfront payments for leasehold
             lands in the PRC, amounting to RMB8,584,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
             RMB1,504,000), were recognised by the Group as right-of-use assets for 50 years
             on lease commencement.

             The management of the Group did not identify any impairment indicators for
             property, plant and equipment during the current interim period.




60                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026


                                                                                                           INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


12.   DEFERRED TAXATION
      The followings are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and
      movements thereon during the current and prior interim period:

                                                                                          Fair values
                                                                                        adjustments
                                                                                        on property,
                                                                                            plant and
                                                                                          equipment
                                                                                         and prepaid
                                                                                                lease                                                                     Fair value
                                                                     Withholding           payments                         Allowances for                                  change
                                                        Deferred            tax on       arising from                          inventories,                                of equity
                                                     government     undistributed         acquisition          Interest    trade and other     Accrued      Accrued    instruments
                                                          grants           profits    of subsidiaries    capitalisation         receivables   warranty     expenses      at FVTOCI      Tax losses    Others        Total
                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


      At 1 January 2025 (audited)                        100,602           (60,842)            (9,816)           (6,954)            53,838      99,893        50,659          (1,448)     587,348      22,974     836,254

      Credit (charge) to profit or loss                    6,658             3,829               782               206                (926)      (2,297)      71,396              –          5,778     (2,549)     82,877
      Credit to other comprehensive income                     –                 –                 –                 –                   –            –            –             46              –          –          46
      Reversal upon payment of withholding tax
          on distribution of earnings from the PRC
          subsidiaries                                         –            21,635                 –                 –                   –           –            –               –             –           –      21,635


      At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                        107,260           (35,378)            (9,034)           (6,748)            52,912      97,596       122,055          (1,402)     593,126      20,425     940,812


      At 1 January 2026 (audited)                       105,566           (58,419)            (9,601)           (6,236)            48,127      99,465        48,605            (590)     615,444      37,932     880,293

      Charge (credit) to profit or loss                   (3,307)          (3,449)                83               359             13,110      (17,203)     (13,125)              –        17,768      (1,469)     (7,233)
      Credit to other comprehensive income                     –                –                  –                 –                  –            –            –            (910)            –           –        (910)
      Reversal upon payment of withholding tax
          on distribution of earnings from the PRC
          subsidiaries                                         –           50,000                  –                 –                   –           –            –               –             –           –     50,000


      At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                       102,259           (11,868)            (9,518)           (5,877)            61,237      82,262        35,480          (1,500)     633,212      36,463     922,150




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                                                                                                                                         61
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     12.     DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)
             For the purpose of presentation in the condensed consolidated statement of
             financial position, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset.
             The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
             purposes:

                                                               30/06/2026           31/12/2025
                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                              (unaudited)             (audited)

             Deferred tax assets                                  954,470               958,162
             Deferred tax liabilities                             (32,320)              (77,869)

                                                                  922,150               880,293

             As at the end of the current interim period, the Group has unused tax losses of
             approximately RMB5,773,015,000 (as at 31 December 2025: RMB2,141,548,000)
             available to offset against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised,
             in respect of approximately RMB633,212,000 (as at 31 December 2025:
             RMB615,444,000), of such losses, and no deferred tax assets has been recognised
             in respect of the remaining tax losses of approximately RMB1,948,757,000 (as
             at 31 December 2025: RMB2,141,548,000), due to the unpredictability of future
             profit streams. Such unrecognised losses will expire at various dates up to and
             including 2036 (as at 31 December 2025: 2035).

             At the end of the reporting period, the Group has deductible temporary
             differences of RMB1,368,035,000 (as at 31 December 2025: RMB1,211,007,000), in
             respect of which no deferred tax asset has been recognised as it is not probable
             that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
             differences can be utilised.

             Under the EIT Law, starting from 1 January 2008, 10% withholding income tax is
             imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned in year 2008 onwards
             and distributed to foreign investors for companies established in the PRC. For
             investors incorporated in Hong Kong, a preferential rate of 5% will be applied
             where appropriate. Other than the PRC withholding income tax provided in
             respect of undistributed profits of the PRC subsidiaries as above, no deferred
             taxation has been provided for the remaining retained profits of approximately
             RMB14,466 million (as at 31 December 2025: RMB14,310 million), which was
             derived from the PRC subsidiaries since 1 January 2008 as the Group is able to
             control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
             that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


62                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                           Interim Report 2026


                                          INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


13.   BILLS, TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                         30/06/2026           31/12/2025
                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                        (unaudited)             (audited)



      Bills receivables*                                  3,014,212              3,482,491

      Trade receivables                                   3,442,831              1,997,508
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                    (344,411)              (272,648)

                                                          3,098,420              1,724,860

      Other receivables                                     207,172               176,611
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                     (57,745)              (39,096)

                                                            149,427               137,515

      Prepayments for materials                             514,174               332,979
      PRC value added tax and EIT recoverable               907,087               664,768

                                                          7,683,320              6,342,613

      *       The balance represents bills receivables held by the Group which is measured at
              amortised cost since the bills are held within a business model whose objective
              is to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual cash flows are solely
              payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Bills
              receivables held by the Group as at 30 June 2026 will mature within 1 year.

      For manufacturing business, the normal credit term is 45 to 90 days upon
      delivery. For trading business, customers are normally required to make full
      prepayment before goods delivery.

      The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit
      losses presented based on the invoice date.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                             63
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     13.     BILLS, TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
                                                             30/06/2026           31/12/2025
                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)             (audited)

             0 to 45 days                                      2,490,663            1,145,163
             46 to 90 days                                       380,656              439,226
             91 to 180 days                                       43,547               75,890
             181 to 365 days                                     150,794               14,350
             1 year to 2 years                                    26,592               47,378
             Over 2 years                                          6,168                2,853

                                                               3,098,420            1,724,860

     14.     DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI
             The balance as at 30 June 2026 represents bills receivables held by the Group
             which is measured at FVTOCI since the bills are held within the business model
             whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and
             selling the financial assets, and the contractual cash flows are solely payments of
             principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

             The following is an aged analysis of debt instruments at FVTOCI at the end of the
             reporting period:

                                                             30/06/2026           31/12/2025
                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)             (audited)

             0 to 180 days                                       440,471              376,018
             181 to 365 days                                           –               15,124

                                                                 440,471              391,142

             These bills receivables are all issued by reputable banks of good credit quality.
             The management of the Group considered the credit risk of these bank issued
             bills is insignificant and no impairment was provided on them at the period end.



64                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                     Interim Report 2026


                                       INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


15.   I M PA I R M E N T L O S S E S ( I N C L U D I N G R E V E R S A L S O F
      I M PA I R M E N T L O S S E S O R I M PA I R M E N T G A I N S ) O N
      FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                         2026                 2025
                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                   (unaudited)          (unaudited)

      Impairment loss (reversed) recognised in
        respect of
        Trade receivables                                67,445              (20,001)
        Other receivables                                18,649                1,143
        Loan receivables                                  1,462                8,096

                                                         87,556              (10,762)

      The basis of determining the inputs and assumptions and the estimation
      techniques used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six
      months ended 30 June 2026 are the same as those followed in the preparation
      of the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                       65
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     16.     FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL/DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
             INSTRUMENTS
                                                               30/06/2026           31/12/2025
                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                              (unaudited)             (audited)

             Financial assets/(liabilities) mandatorily
               measured at FVTPL:
               Structured bank deposits                         5,098,711             2,965,705
               Equity securities listed in Hong Kong               45,905                46,712
               Commodity derivative contracts                      (5,508)                    –
               Unlisted equity investments                          6,000                 6,000
               Foreign currency forward contracts                       –               (48,812)

                                                                5,145,108             2,969,605

             The following is the analysis of the financial assets/(liabilities) at FVTPL balances
             for financial reporting purposes:

                                                               30/06/2026           31/12/2025
                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                              (unaudited)             (audited)

             Financial assets at FVTPL                          5,152,546             3,018,417
             Derivative financial instruments                      (7,438)              (48,812)

                                                                5,145,108             2,969,605




66                                                        TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                              Interim Report 2026


                                           INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


17.   BILLS, TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                          30/06/2026             31/12/2025
                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                         (unaudited)               (audited)

      Trade payables                                       3,106,715               2,687,641
      Bills payables (Note)                               10,968,480              10,105,263
      Value added tax payables and other tax
         payables                                             480,302                455,668
      Staff salaries and welfare payables                     465,397                583,224
      Payables for purchase of property, plant
         and equipment                                        959,025               1,391,780
      Accrued charges                                         627,212                 646,498
      Deposits payables                                       526,177                 534,037
      Dividend payables                                       366,604                     723
      Other payables                                          149,829                 150,813

                                                          17,649,741              16,555,647

      Note:   These relate to trade payables in which the Group has issued bills to the relevant
              suppliers for settlement of trade payables. The suppliers can obtain the invoice
              amounts from the bank on the maturity date of the bills. The Group continues
              to recognise these trade payables as the Group is obliged to make payments to
              the relevant banks on due dates of the bills, under the same conditions as agreed
              with the suppliers without further extension. In the condensed consolidated
              statement of cash flows, settlements of these bills by the Group are included
              within operating cash flows based on the nature of the arrangements.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                67
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     17.     BILLS, TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (CONTINUED)
             The following is an aged analysis of trade payables, presented based on invoice
             date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                            30/06/2026          31/12/2025
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                           (unaudited)            (audited)

             0 – 90 days                                     2,782,451             2,197,013
             91 – 180 days                                     165,176               292,252
             181 – 365 days                                     44,299                77,601
             1 – 2 years                                        39,895                28,919
             Over 2 years                                       74,894                91,856

                                                             3,106,715             2,687,641

             The following is an aged analysis of bills payables from issue date at the end of
             the reporting period:

                                                            30/06/2026          31/12/2025
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                           (unaudited)            (audited)

             0 – 180 days                                   10,961,845           10,105,263
             181 – 365 days                                      6,635                    –

                                                            10,968,480           10,105,263




68                                                    TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                      Interim Report 2026


                                        INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


18.   BORROWINGS
                                                     30/06/2026          31/12/2025
                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                    (unaudited)            (audited)

      Bank borrowings                                24,540,323           13,210,077
      Bank borrowings under supplier finance
        arrangements                                    729,461              235,626
      Other borrowings                                  141,426              185,183

                                                     25,411,210           13,630,886

      Secured                                        23,886,557             7,848,499
      Unsecured                                       1,524,653             5,782,387

                                                     25,411,210           13,630,886

      Carrying amounts repayable:

      Within one year                                23,183,215           10,309,173
      Within a period of more than one year
       but not exceeding two years                    1,402,238             2,245,132
      Within a period of more than two years
       but not more than five years                     770,632             1,076,581
      Over five years                                    55,125                     –

                                                     25,411,210           13,630,886
      Less: Amounts due within one year shown
             under current liabilities              (23,183,215)          (10,309,173)

      Amounts shown under non-current
       liabilities                                    2,227,995             3,321,713

      Details of assets pledged by the Group at the end of the reporting period are set
      out in note 21.



TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                        69
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     18.     BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
             The ranges of effective interest rates (which are also equal to contracted interest
             rates) on the Group’s borrowings are as follows:

                                                             30/06/2026           31/12/2025
                                                            (unaudited)             (audited)

             Fixed-rate borrowings                               2.50%                 2.50%
             Variable-rate borrowings                      0.60%-5.50%           2.11%-5.50%

     19.     BONDS
                                                             30/06/2026           31/12/2025
                                                            (unaudited)             (audited)

             Bonds                                             1,840,936                     –

             Carrying amounts repayable:

             Within one year                                     504,093                     –
             Within a period of more than two years
              but not exceeding three years                    1,336,843                     –

                                                               1,840,936                     –
             Less: Amounts due within one year shown
               under current liabilities                        (504,093)                    –

             Amounts shown under non-current
              liabilities                                      1,336,843                     –




70                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                               Interim Report 2026


                                             INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


19.   BONDS (CONTINUED)
      Notes:

      (i)      On 16 March 2026, Tianneng Holding Group Co., Ltd, an indirect wholly-owned
               subsidiary of the Company, completed the issuance of “Trache 1 of 2026 Targeted
               Green Technology Innovation Bonds of Tianneng Holding Group Co., Ltd.” (the
               “Bonds 1”) with a principal amount of RMB500,000,000 and received proceed of
               RMB498,800,000. The Bonds 1 bear interest at 1.60% per annum and are repayable
               on 16 March 2027.

               At 30 June 2026, the amount is stated at amortised cost with the effective interest
               rate at 1.84% per annum.

      (ii)     On 6 May 2026, Tianneng Battery Group Co., Ltd. (“Tianneng Battery”), a
               subsidiary of the Company, completed the issuance of “Tianneng Battery
               Group Co., Ltd. 2026 Publicly Offered Technology Innovation Corporate Bonds
               to Professional Investors (Tranche 1) ” (the “Bonds 2”) with principal amount of
               RMB1,000,000,000 at a discount and received proceed of RMB997,600,000. The
               Bonds 2 bear interest at 1.58% per annum and are repayable on 1 May 2029.

               At 30 June 2026, the amount is stated at amortised cost with the effective interest
               rate at 1.66% per annum.

      (iii)    On 25 June 2026, Tianneng Battery completed the issuance of ” Tianneng Battery
               Group Co., Ltd. 2026 Publicly Offered Technology Innovation Corporate Bonds
               to Professional Investors (Tranche 2) ” (the “Bonds 3”) with principal amount of
               RMB340,000,000 at a discount and received proceed of RMB339,084,000. The
               Bonds 3 bear interest at 1.60% per annum and are repayable on 26 June 2029.

               At 30 June 2026, the amount is stated at amortised cost with the effective interest
               rate at 1.69% per annum.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                 71
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     20.     SHARE CAPITAL
                                                             Number of            Amount
                                                                shares           RMB’000

             Ordinary shares of the Company with
               nominal value of HK$0.10 each
             Authorised:
               At 1 January 2025 (audited),
                 30 June 2025 (unaudited), 1 January
                 2026 (audited) and 30 June 2026
                 (unaudited)                              2,000,000,000           212,780

             Issued and fully paid:
                At 1 January 2025 (audited),
                  30 June 2025 (unaudited), 1 January
                  2026 (audited) and 30 June 2026
                  (unaudited)                             1,126,124,500           109,850




72                                                      TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                   Interim Report 2026


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


21.   PLEDGE OF ASSETS
      At the end of reporting period, the Group has pledged the following assets to
      secure the general banking facilities granted to the Group.

                                                   30/06/2026         31/12/2025
                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                  (unaudited)           (audited)

      Pledged/restricted bank deposits             20,062,739          10,523,663
      Property, plant and equipment                   106,603             250,347
      Debt instruments at FVTOCI                      210,388             117,392
      Right-of-use assets                              67,582             378,507
      Bills receivables                             1,453,356           2,179,118

                                                   21,900,668          13,449,027

22.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                   30/06/2026         31/12/2025
                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                  (unaudited)           (audited)

      Capital expenditure in respect of
        acquisition of property, plant and
        equipment contracted for but not
        provided in the consolidated financial
        statements                                    453,318             739,479
      Share of commitments made jointly with
        other investors with joint control of a
        joint venture                                  17,200               17,200

                                                      470,518             756,679




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                     73
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     23.     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             Fair value measurements and valuation process

             The management of the Group has set up a team, which is headed up by the
             Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to determine the appropriate valuation
             techniques and inputs for fair value measurements.

             In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent
             it is available. For instruments with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3,
             the Group also considers to engage third party qualified valuers to perform the
             valuation, if necessary.

             Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair
             value at the end of each reporting period. The following table gives information
             about how the fair value of these financial assets and financial liabilities are
             determined, as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair
             value measurements are categorised (level 1 to 3) based on the degree to which
             the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

             •        Level 1 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices (unadjusted)
                      in active market for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access
                      at the measurement date;

             •        Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than
                      quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                      liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices);
                      and

             •        Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation
                      techniques that include the lowest level inputs which are significant to
                      the fair value measurement for the asset or liability that are not based on
                      observable market data (significant unobservable inputs).




74                                                           TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026


                                                                              INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


23.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that
      are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
                                                                                                                                              Relationship of
                                                                                                                               Significant    unobservable
                                                                                   Fair value Valuation technique              unobservable   inputs to
      Financial assets                           Fair value as at                  hierarchy and key input                     input          fair value
                                          30/06/2026                 31/12/2025
                                            RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                         (unaudited)                   (audited)

      Listed equity                     Listed equity               Listed equity Level 1     Quoted transaction prices        N/A            N/A
          securities classified as       securities in               securities in              in active markets.
          financial assets               Hong Kong:                  Hong Kong:
          at FVTPL                        RMB45,905                   RMB46,712

      Listed equity                     Listed equity               Listed equity Level 1     Quoted transaction prices        N/A            N/A
          instruments                    securities in               securities in              in an active market.
          at FVTOCI                      Hong Kong:                  Hong Kong:
                                        RMB125,129                  RMB142,806

                                       Listed equity            Listed equity
                                        securities in             securities in
                                     Mainland China:          Mainland China:
                                          RMB6,182                 RMB10,200

      Foreign currency                              –                 Liabilities: Level 2    Discounted cash flow.             N/A           N/A
         forward contracts                                           RMB48,812                Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                                 based on forward exchange
                                                                                                 rates (from observable forward
                                                                                                 exchange rates at the end
                                                                                                 of the reporting period) and
                                                                                                 contracted forward rates.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                                                                            75
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     23.     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
             (CONTINUED)
             Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that
             are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (continued)
                                                                                                                                                   Relationship of
                                                                                                                               Significant         unobservable
                                                                                  Fair value Valuation technique               unobservable        inputs to
             Financial assets                    Fair value as at                 hierarchy and key input                      input               fair value
                                           30/06/2026               31/12/2025
                                             RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                          (unaudited)                 (audited)

             Commodity derivative          Liabilities:                      – Level 2       The fair value of the commodity N/A                   N/A
               contracts                   RMB5,508                                             derivative contracts is estimated
                                                                                                by reference to the quoted prices
                                                                                                of similar standardised commodity
                                                                                                derivative contracts at the end of
                                                                                                the reporting period.

             Debt instruments at         RMB440,471                 RMB391,142 Level 2       Discounted cash flow is estimated N/A                 N/A
               FVTOCI                                                                           based on discount rate observed
                                                                                                in the available market.

             Structured bank deposits   RMB5,098,711            RMB2,965,705 Level 3         Discounted cash flow is estimated Expected return     An increase in the
                at FVTPL                                                                        based on expected return.                             expected return
                                                                                                                                                      would result in
                                                                                                                                                      a decrease in
                                                                                                                                                      the fair value
                                                                                                                                                      measurement of
                                                                                                                                                      the structured
                                                                                                                                                      bank deposits,
                                                                                                                                                      and vice versa.

             Unlisted equity               At FVTOCI:               At FVTOCI: Level 3       Recent transaction price          Recent transaction The higher
               instruments                RMB73,451                 RMB59,765                                                     price              the recent
                                                                                                                                                     transaction price,
                                           At FVTPL:                 At FVTPL:                                                                       the higher the
                                           RMB6,000                  RMB6,000                                                                        fair value

             There were no transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 during the period.




76                                                                                        TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                    Interim Report 2026


                                         INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


23.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets

                                    Structured Unlisted equity Unlisted equity
                                 bank deposits    instruments    investments
                                      at FVTPL      at FVTOCI         at FVTPL
                                       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

      At 1 January 2026
         (audited)                     2,965,705          59,765              6,000
      Total gains                         36,246          13,686                  –
      – in profit or loss                 36,246               –                  –
      – in other comprehensive
           income                               –         13,686                   –
      Purchases                         8,730,230              –                   –
      Disposals/settlements            (6,633,470)             –                   –

      At 30 June 2026
        (unaudited)                    5,098,711          73,451              6,000

      Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that
      are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis (but fair value
      disclosures are required)

      The management considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and
      financial liabilities measured at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated
      financial statements approximate their fair values.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                      77
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     24.     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
             During the period, the Group had the following transactions with its related
             companies:

                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
             Name of related parties                   Nature of transactions            2026              2025
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                   (unaudited)       (unaudited)

             濟源市萬洋冶煉(集團)有限公司                           Purchase of materials        1,112,493           897,312
             Jiyuan City Wanyang                       Sale of materials                    5             2,823
                 Smelting (Group) Co., Ltd.            Rental paid                      1,503             5,436
                 (“Wanyang Group”) (note i)

             浙江暢通科技有限公司                                Purchase of materials          242,364           163,000
             Zhejiang Changtong Technology             Sales of materials                 421                 6
               Company Limited
               (“Changtong Technology”) (note ii)

             安徽和鼎機電設備有限公司                              Purchase of materials           43,691                  –
             Anhui Heding Electromechanical            Sales of materials              16,582                  –
               Equipment Co., Ltd
               (“Anhui Heding”) (note iii)

             連雲港市雲海電源有限公司                              Purchase of materials           11,553             9,800
             Lianyungang Yunhai Power Supply Co., Ltd. Sales of materials                   –               844
                (“Lianyungang Yunhai”) (note iii)

             浙江長興欣欣包裝有限公司                              Purchase of consumables          4,192                 22
             Zhejiang Changxing Xin
               Xin Packaging Co., Ltd.
               (“Xin Xin Packaging”) (note iv)

             長興金陵大酒店                                   Hotel expense                    1,161                 564
             Changxing Jin Ling Hotel (note v)




78                                                                     TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                          Interim Report 2026


                                                INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
      Name of related parties               Nature of transactions               2026                  2025
                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                           (unaudited)           (unaudited)


      浙江谷尚智能科技有限公司                          Rental paid                           1,025                   –
      Zhejiang Gushang Intelligent
        Technology Co., Ltd.
        (“Gushang Intelligent”) (note vi)

      長興遠鴻機械有限公司                            Purchase of materials                   83                  114
      Changxing Yuanhong Machinery          Rental paid                              6                  168
        Company Limited
        (“Yuanhong Machinery”) (note vii)

      Details of the amounts due from related parties are as follows:

      Name of related parties                                        30/06/2026              31/12/2025
                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                    (unaudited)                (audited)

      Anhui Heding                                                      13,598                      9,057
      Aerospace Guohua                                                  13,104                     13,104
      Changtong Technology                                                  53                         77
      Wanyang Group                                                         12                        109

                                                                        26,767                     22,347

      Included in the amount due from Aerospace Guohua, RMB13,104 (31 December
      2025: RMB13,104) is non-trade related, unsecured, interest free and repayable on
      demand. The remaining amounts due to/from related parties are trade in nature
      and with ageing less than 180 days.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                            79
     Interim Report 2026


     INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


     24.     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
             Details of the amounts due to related parties are as follows:

             Name of related parties                               30/06/2026          31/12/2025
                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)            (audited)

             Changtong Technology                                     207,878              193,745
             Anhui Heding                                              32,707               12,482
             Wanyang Group                                             23,968               11,423
             Xin Xin Packaging                                          3,527                3,926
             Lianyungang Yunhai                                         3,050                3,118
             Yuanhong Machinery                                            45                  127
             Others                                                        29                   28

                                                                      271,204              224,849

             Notes:

             (i)      Wanyang Group is a party which holds 49% interest of Jiyuan Wanyang Green
                      Energy Co., Ltd. (濟源市萬洋綠色能源有限公司), a 51% owned subsidiary of the
                      Group.

             (ii)     Changtong Technology is beneficially owned by Ms. Zhang Mei’e, who is the sister
                      of Dr. Zhang Tianren (“Dr. Zhang”), the beneficial owner and the director of the
                      Company, and her spouse, Mr. Ni Danqing.

             (iii)    Lianyungang Yunhai, Aerospace Guohua and Anhui Heding are associates of the
                      Group.

             (iv)     Xin Xin Packaging is beneficially owned by Ms. Chen Pingping and Ms. She Fangli,
                      who are the cousin and niece of Dr. Zhang, respectively.

             (v)      Changxing Jin Ling Hotel is controlled by Dr. Zhang.

             (vi)     Gushang Intelligent is 20% beneficially owned by Zhejiang Tianneng Construction
                      Development Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group in which the Group holds an 80%
                      interest.




80                                                          TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                           Interim Report 2026


                                          INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION


24.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      Notes: (continued)

      (vii)   Yuanhong Machinery is beneficially owned by Mr. Zhang Kaihong’s son. Mr. Zhang
              Kaihong is a director of the Company.

      The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during
      the period was as follows:

                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                             2026                   2025
                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                       (unaudited)            (unaudited)

      Short term employee benefits                             2,180                 2,126
      Post-employment benefits                                    38                     9

                                                               2,218                 2,135

      The remuneration of directors and key executives are determined by the
      remuneration committee and executive directors, respectively, having regard to
      the performance of individuals and market trends.

25.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
      On 29 July 2026, Tianneng Battery Group Co., Ltd., an indirect 86.53%-owned
      subsidiary of the Company, completed the issuance of “Tianneng Battery Group
      Co., Ltd. 2026 Publicly Offered Technology Innovation Corporate Bonds to
      Professional Investors (Tranche 3)” with a final issuance size of RMB660 million
      and a tenor of 3 years.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                             81
     Interim Report 2026


     OTHER INFORMATION


     INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
     As at 30 June 2026, apart from the details as follows, the Directors and chief executive
     of the Company do not have any other interests and short positions in the shares,
     underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations
     (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)), as
     recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO or
     as notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
     Exchange”) pursuant to the Model Code.

     Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each of the Company
                                                                                          Aggregate
                                                                                        approximate
                                                                                      percentage of
                                                                 Number of      issued share capital
     Name of Director      Capacity                             shares held         of the Company
                                                                    (Note 1)                 (Note 6)

     Zhang Tianren         Interest of a controlled           411,355,650 (L)                 36.53%
                              corporation (Note 2)
                           Interest of spouse (Note 2)            258,000 (L)                  0.02%


     Zhang Aogen           Interest of a controlled            13,641,022 (L)                  1.21%
                              corporation (Note 3)


     Zhang Kaihong         Interest of a controlled            18,884,174 (L)                  1.68%
                              corporation (Note 4)


     Shi Borong            Interest of a controlled            15,686,141 (L)                  1.39%
                              corporation (Note 5)


     Zhou Jianzhong        Beneficial owner                     2,362,815 (L)                  0.21%


     Huang Dongliang       Beneficial owner                       240,000 (L)                  0.02%




82                                                       TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                              Interim Report 2026


                                                                   OTHER INFORMATION


Notes:

1.       The letter “L” denotes long position in the shares of the Company.

2.       The 411,355,650 shares of the Company were held by Prime Leader Global Limited, which
         was wholly-owned by Dr. Zhang Tianren. Ms. Yang Yaping, spouse of Dr. Zhang Tianren,
         held 258,000 shares of the Company.

3.       The 13,641,022 shares of the Company were held by Top Benefits International Limited,
         which was wholly-owned by Mr. Zhang Aogen.

4.       The 18,884,174 shares of the Company were held by Plenty Gold Holdings Limited, which
         was wholly-owned by Mr. Zhang Kaihong.

5.       The 15,686,141 shares of the Company were held by Precise Asia Global Limited, which
         was wholly-owned by Mr. Shi Borong.

6.       Shareholding percentage is based on 1,126,124,500 issued shares of the Company as at 30
         June 2026.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                83
     Interim Report 2026


     OTHER INFORMATION


     Interest in an associated corporation, Zhejiang Tianneng New Materials Co.,
     Ltd. ( 浙江天能新材料有限公司 )
                                                                            Aggregate
                                                                          approximate
                                                                         percentage of
                                                                  issued share capital
                                                       Number of     of the associated
     Name of Director    Capacity                     shares held          corporation

     Zhang Tianren             Interest of a controlled               34,314,000 (L)              25%
                                  corporation (Note (ii))

     Notes:

     (i)      The letter “L” denotes long position in the shares of the associated corporation.

     (ii)     The 34,314,000 shares of the associated corporation were held by Tianchang Holding Co.,
              Ltd. ( 天暢控股有限公司 ), which was owned as to 98% by Dr. Zhang Tianren.

     INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
     As at 30 June 2026, the register of substantial shareholders maintained by the Company
     pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO shows that the following persons, other than a
     Director or chief executive of the Company, had notified the Company of relevant
     interests and short positions in the shares or underlying shares or debentures of the
     Company which would have to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO in the issued share capital of the
     Company:




84                                                            TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026


                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION


Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each of the Company
                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                            issued share
                                                                        Number of              capital of
Name of Shareholder        Capacity                                    shares held        the Company
                                                                           (Note 1)              (Note 3)

Zhang Tianren              Interest of a controlled                   411,355,650 (L)             36.53%
                              corporation (Note 2)
                           Interest of spouse (Note 2)                    258,000 (L)              0.02%

Yang Yaping                Beneficial owner (Note 2)                      258,000 (L)              0.02%
                           Interest of spouse (Note 2)                411,355,650 (L)             36.53%

Prime Leader Global        Beneficial owner (Note 2)                  411,355,650 (L)             36.53%
   Limited


Notes:

1.       The letter “L” denotes long position in the shares of the Company.

2.       The 411,355,650 shares were held by Prime Leader Global Limited, which was wholly-owned
         by Dr. Zhang Tianren. Ms. Yang Yaping, spouse of Dr. Zhang Tianren, held 258,000 shares.
         Ms. Yang Yaping, being the spouse of Dr. Zhang Tianren, is deemed to be interested in the
         shares held by Dr. Zhang Tianren.

3.       Shareholding percentage is based on 1,126,124,500 issued shares of the Company as at 30
         June 2026.




TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                                                                          85
     Interim Report 2026


     OTHER INFORMATION


     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     On 18 May 2018, the Company by ordinary resolution approved the adoption of a new
     share option scheme (the “2018 Share Option Scheme”). No options have yet been
     granted under the 2018 Share Option Scheme.

     The number of share options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the
     2018 Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026, respectively, was
     112,654,650. The Company had 112,654,650 shares available for issue under the 2018
     Share Option Scheme, which represented 10% of the shares of the Company in issue as
     at the date of this interim report.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
     SECURITIES
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
     Company’s listed securities (including the sale of treasury shares as defined under the
     Listing Rules) during the Reporting Period. As at 30 June 2026, the Company did not
     hold any of such treasury shares.

     DISCLOSURE OF CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
     Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, there is no change in Directors’
     information since the date of publication of the 2025 Annual Report.


                                                            By Order of the Board
                                                               Zhang Tianren
                                                                 Chairman

     Hong Kong, 28 August 2026




86                                                   TIANNENG POWER INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
