This annual report is printed on environmental paper.




                                                                                        CHINA MINSHENG BANKING CORP., LTD.
                                                                                                                             (a joint stock limited company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China)
                                                                                                                             Stock Code                    USD Preference Share Stock Code 04609




                                                                                      2019 ANNUAL REPORT




                Add. : No. 2, Fuxingmennei Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing, China
                Tel. : (+86-10) 58560666

                                                                                                                                                                                        2019 ANNUAL REPORT
                Fax. : (+86-10) 58560720
                Postal Code: 100031
                Website: www.cmbc.com.cn
Important Notice
     The Board, the Board of Supervisors, and the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company
warrant that there are no misstatements, misleading representations or material omissions in this report, and shall assume
several and joint liability for the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of its contents.

      This Annual Report was considered and approved on 30 March 2020 at the 20th meeting of the seventh session
of the Board of the Company. Of the 15 Directors who were entitled to attend the meeting, two Directors attended the
meeting in person, 13 Directors, being the Vice Chairmen Zhang Hongwei, Lu Zhiqiang and Liu Yonghao, and Directors
Shi Yuzhu, Wu Di, Song Chunfeng, Weng Zhenjie, Liu Jipeng, Li Hancheng, Xie Zhichun, Peng Xuefeng, Liu Ningyu
and Tian Suning, participated in the meeting by teleconference. Of the nine Supervisors who were entitled to attend the
meeting as non-voting delegates, nine Supervisors attended the meeting as non-voting delegates.

       The profit distribution plan for 2019 was approved by the Board, pursuant to which a cash dividend of RMB3.70
(tax inclusive) will be distributed to all shareholders for every 10 shares being held on the record dates. The above profit
distribution plan is subject to approval by the shareholders’ general meeting of the Company.

     For the purpose of this Annual Report, China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. shall be referred to as the “Company”,
the “Bank”, “China Minsheng Bank” or “Minsheng Bank”, whereas China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. and its
subsidiaries together shall be referred to as the “Group”.

      The financial data and indicators contained in this Annual Report are prepared according to the rules of the
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”). Unless otherwise specified, all amounts are the consolidated data of
the Group and denominated in RMB.

       PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers, auditors of the Company, have audited
the financial reports of 2019 prepared in accordance with the Chinese Accounting Standards (“CAS”) and the IFRSs,
respectively, and issued standard and unqualified auditors’ reports.

                                                                                   Board of Directors
                                                                           China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.

     Hong Qi (Chairman), Zheng Wanchun (President), Bai Dan (Senior Management responsible for finance and
accounting) and Li Wen (person in charge of the accounting department) warrant the truthfulness, accuracy and
completeness of the financial reports included in this Annual Report.
Contents
Important Notice
Definitions		                                           2
Material Risks Warning                                  4
Message from the Chairman                               5
Message from the President                             12
Strategic Positioning and Reform and
  Transformation of the Company                        19
Annual Awards                                          22
Bank Profile                                           23
Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators    25
Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation          28
Changes in Share Capital and Information
  on Shareholders                                     114
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management
  and Employees                                       143
Corporate Governance                                  171
Report of the Board of Directors                      232
Report of the Board of Supervisors                    241
Major Events                                          249
Financial Reports                                     264
Organisation Structure                                469
List of Entities                                      470
Statistics of Correspondent Banks                     476
2      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Definitions

In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out
below.


“ACFIC”                                     All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce (中華全國工商
                                            業聯合會)

“Articles of Association”                   the Articles of Association of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.

“Bank” or “Company” or                      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.
    “China Minsheng Bank” or
    “Minsheng Bank”

“Board”                                     Board of Directors of the Company

“Board of Supervisors”                      Board of Supervisors of the Company

“CBIRC”                                     China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission

“CMBC International”                        CMBC International Holdings Limited

“CPPCC”                                     The National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political
                                            Consultative Conference (中國人民政治協商會議全國委員會)

“CSRC”                                      China Securities Regulatory Commission

“Director”                                  Director of the Company

“former CBRC”                               former China Banking Regulatory Commission

“former CIRC”                               former China Insurance Regulatory Commission

“Group”                                     the Company and its subsidiaries

“Hong Kong Listing Rules”                   the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on SEHK

“Minsheng Financial Leasing”                Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.

“Minsheng Royal Asset Management” Minsheng Royal Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                      Annual Report 2019   3




                                                                          Definitions


“Minsheng Royal Fund”      Minsheng Royal Fund Management Co., Ltd.

“Model Code”               Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                           Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing
                           Rules

“PBOC”                     People’s Bank of China

“Phoenix Project” (鳳凰計劃)   a comprehensive customer-centric project for transformation
                           for growth model and reform of corporate governance of the
                           Company in response to the liberalisation of interest rate and
                           other changes in the external environment

“Reporting Period”         the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019

“SBU(s)”                   strategic business unit(s)

“SEHK”                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Senior Management”        senior management of the Company

“SFO”                      Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                           Hong Kong)

“SSE”                      Shanghai Stock Exchange

“Supervisor(s)”            Supervisor(s) of the Company

“SZSE”                     Shenzhen Stock Exchange
4    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Material Risks Warning

    The Company has no foreseeable material risks. For potential risks, please refer to the section
headed “XI. Prospects and Measures — (III) Potential risks” under Chapter 3 “Discussion and Analysis
on Business Operation” of this report.
                       Annual Report 2019   5




       Message from the Chairman




Chairman Mr. HONG Qi
6    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Message from the Chairman

     In 2019, situations at home and abroad as well as the macro-economy and financial systems were
complicated with significantly increasing risks and challenges. Despite the challenges, the domestic
economy and society maintained sustainable and healthy growth under the strong leadership of the CPC
Central Committee, with General Secretary Xi Jinping as the core. Coupled with the significant milestone
in reform and opening-up, these achievements took China a step closer to build a moderately well-
off society in an all-round way. As for the financial sector, major progress was made in preventing and
mitigating financial risks while the financial institutions continued to improve the quality and efficiency of
their service for the real economy.


     In 2019, on the backdrop of increasing risks and challenges in the macro-economy and financial
systems, rising operating difficulties and financial pressures of the non-state-owned enterprises
(“NSOEs”) and small and micro enterprises, the adjustments to the operation strategies and business
deployment of manufacturing enterprises due to the uncertainties arising from Sino-US trade frictions,
and the substantial price fluctuations of financial products in various financial markets, China Minsheng
Bank continued its pursuit of reform and transformation to facilitate its development, comprehensively
enhanced its operation and management, and recorded the best operating results in recent years, as
reflected in the four major aspects below:


    Firstly, operating efficiency continued to improve. In 2019, the Group recorded net profit attributable
to equity shareholders of the Company of RMB53,819 million, representing an increase of 6.94%
as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Operating income amounted to
RMB177,745 million, representing an increase of 15.30% as compared with the corresponding period of
the previous year. Net interest margin was 2.11%, representing an increase of 0.24 percentage points
as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Cost-to-income ratio was 27.14%,
representing a decrease of 3.44 percentage points as compared with corresponding period of the
previous year. These operating results were the best in recent years.


     Secondly, rapid growth was made in strategic and key businesses. As at the end of 2019, Minsheng
Bank extended a total of over RMB1.5 trillion loans to NSOEs, accounting for approximately 70% of total
corporate loans and advances. Total retail loans amounted to RMB1,397,216 million, representing an
increase of 14.72% as compared with the end of the previous year. Total amount of loans to small and
micro enterprises was RMB444,560 million, representing an increase of 9.25% as compared with the
end of the previous year. Total savings deposits was RMB706,354 million, representing an increase of
24.96% as compared with the end of the previous year. Savings deposits accounted for 19.76% of total
deposits, representing an increase of 1.76 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous
year.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2019   7




                                                           Message from the Chairman


     Thirdly, asset quality was improved. As at the end of 2019, the Group recorded non-performing
loans (“NPLs”) of RMB54,434 million, representing an increase of RMB568 million as compared with
the end of the previous year. Non-performing loan (“NPL”) ratio decreased by 0.20 percentage points to
1.56% as compared with the end of the previous year, bringing to a halt the continuous increase in NPL
ratio in recent years. Allowance to NPLs was 155.50%, representing an increase of 21.45 percentage
points as compared with the end of the previous year. Allowance to total loans was 2.43%, representing
an increase of 0.07 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.


      Fourthly, capital strength was significantly enhanced. Capitalising on market opportunities and
the adjustment period of policies in 2019, the Group successfully issued tier-two capital bonds of
RMB40,000 million, undated capital bonds of RMB40,000 million and preference shares of RMB20,000
million, providing capital support for the sustainable development of its business.


    With the all-round satisfactory operating results, Minsheng Bank consolidated its reform and
transformation to align with its strategic positioning of becoming “a bank for the NSOEs”, “a fintech-
based bank” and “a bank of comprehensive services” in 2019. These strategic transformation efforts
gradually demonstrated their significant contributions in the following major aspects:


    — In terms of becoming “a bank for the NSOEs”, the number of strategic NSOE customers of
      the Company reached 650 as at the end of 2019, representing an increase of 83.62% as
      compared with the end of the previous year. Daily average deposits amounted to RMB359,855
      million, representing an increase of 86.20% as compared with the previous year. Total loans
      amounted to RMB436,468 million, representing an increase of 113.00% as compared with the
      end of the previous year. The number of small and micro enterprises, with total loans amounting
      to RMB444,560 million, exceeded 310 thousand.


    — In terms of becoming “a fintech-based bank”, the number of users of corporate online platforms
      of the Company reached 2,310.3 thousand as at the end of 2019, representing an increase
      of 498.3 thousand, or 27.50%, as compared with the end of the previous year. The number
      of users of retail online platforms reached 70,411.8 thousand, representing an increase of
      11,112.0 thousand, or 18.74%, as compared with the end of the previous year.


    — In terms of becoming “a bank of comprehensive services”, subsidiaries of the Company
      recorded operating income and net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of
      RMB6,141 million and RMB1,331 million in 2019, respectively, representing increases of 9.45%
      and 100.75% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, respectively.
8    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Message from the Chairman


    These achievements of Minsheng Bank in 2019 are the results of its continuous reform and
transformation over the past five years. As mentioned five years ago, there would be larger risks and
potential problems arising from the rapid growth of the Company as it had adopted an extensive
development model for years. As such, the Board proposed to establish another version of Minsheng
Bank five years ago to focus on its goals with specific targets, markets and customers based on its clear
objectives, principles and expectations. From the management perspective, this version of Minsheng
Bank is an integration of the front, middle and back offices by streamlining business system and staff
management based on a customer-centric approach. Through this integration, operation procedures will
be simplified, efficient, well-structured, controllable and complete. With optimised business operation,
we will be able to satisfy the needs of customers.


     Through the implementation of the “Phoenix Project” and reform and transformation over the past
five years, as well as the continuous efforts of the Board and the management in instilling new concepts,
carrying out promotion and supervision and introducing innovative measures, there was a significant
change in the mind-sets and concepts of all employees from separate and extensive operation to
coordinated and streamlined management. The initial extensive operation was gradually transformed
into streamlined development in different business segments, such as strategic NSOE customers of
corporate business, namelists of supply chain finance, small and medium-sized enterprises (“SMEs”) of
the “Ying Huo Plan (螢火計劃)”, Small Business 3.0 of retail business, and agency services of financial
markets business. Most importantly, the Company has fostered a core team of talents during the reform,
who are insightful, dare to reform, professionally skilled and innovative. This is the most significant
achievement and support to our reform and transformation. As proven by the current success of
Minsheng Bank, as long as there is a firm will to reform, there will be fruitful results in return!


      2020 is the final year for China to complete the process of building a moderately well-off society
in an all-round way, the final year of the 13th Five-Year Plan and the year for prevention and mitigation
of financial risks. With the outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic and the increasing uncertainties in the
external environment, banks will take on a more important role in supporting the real economy and
will face greater pressure of reform and transformation. As stipulated in the Central Economic Work
Conference held in December 2019, medium- to long-term financing of the manufacturing industry will
be increased in order to mitigate the difficulties and high costs of NSOEs, medium, small and micro
enterprises in financing. As being pointed out at the National Banking and Insurance Regulatory Work
Conference (全國銀行業保險業監督管理工作會議) held in January 2020, financial services to NSOEs,
especially those of the manufacturing industry, shall be strengthened with special support for the
advanced manufacturing industry and industrial clusters. Mitigation efforts shall be particularly made for
promising enterprises under liquidity strain. According to the Opinions on Creating Better Development
Environment to Support the Reform and Development of NSOEs (《關於營造更好發展環境支持民
營企業改革發展的意見》) issued by the State Council in December 2019, mechanism of the financial
institutions of the banking industry for serving the NSOEs shall be consolidated while credit support for
major areas, such as the manufacturing industry, small and micro enterprises and the NSOEs, shall be
strengthened.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   9




                                                            Message from the Chairman


    As reflected from the decision-making and deployment of the central government, regulatory
requirements and relevant policy documents, the potential of the financial services for NSOEs and small
and micro enterprises in the banking industry is vast. The strategic positioning of Minsheng Bank to
become “a bank for the NSOEs” is in line with the direction and positioning of national strategies and
decision-making requirements. Minsheng Bank has been committed to providing financial services for
NSOEs and small and micro enterprises over the years. Through continuous exploration in business
models and service methods, Minsheng Bank has provided rich experience and diversified tools for the
banking industry to provide financial services for NSOEs and small and micro enterprises. Minsheng
Bank will play a more active role in supporting the economic development of private sectors and the
economic growth of China. It will also have a greater development potential in the future.


     In response to the outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic in early 2020, Minsheng Bank promptly
donated money and necessary items to fight against the epidemic. In addition, it immediately introduced
measures to deal with the COVID-19 epidemic in accordance with the instructions and requirements
of five authorities, including the PBOC, in an aim to effectively maintain stable and efficient financial
services, ensure financial supply and financing support for epidemic prevention and control and help all
enterprises to overcome the difficulties and resume operation and production.


    In addition to providing financial support for epidemic prevention and control, Minsheng Bank will
accelerate the implementation of six strategies in 2020:


      Firstly, the implementation of NSOE strategy will be accelerated. In regard to the strategic NSOEs,
the namelist of strategic NSOEs will be further updated, a synergy mechanism will be adopted, the
system-based account planning process will be standardised and widely promoted, so as to significantly
enhance the coordination of risk management and business operations. In regard to the niche NSOEs,
businesses alongside the industry chains will be further developed, innovation mechanism will be further
supported by the digital factory, and the capabilities of branch-level marketing teams will be further
improved. In regard to small and medium-sized NSOEs, a system of differentiated products and services
will be established to build up competitiveness in asset businesses.


     Secondly, the retail business will be empowered by technology to achieve leaping development.
The asset business and wealth management under retail business will be further innovated. The vertical
management project for retail business will be promoted. Private banking services for entrepreneurs will
be enhanced by improving wealth management capabilities, strengthening big data-based marketing
platform, and optimising wealth management product system. Integrated operation of all retail channels
will be strengthened to enhance customers’ experience and channel effectiveness. The coordinated
management of “big retail banking (大零售)” and the capabilities of headquarters for retail business will
be improved.
10   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Message from the Chairman


     Thirdly, the transformation of asset management business will be facilitated. Asset management
measures, including investment research, sales, asset acquisition, product innovation and outsourcing
will be strengthened. The establishment of wealth management subsidiaries will be accelerated. Asset
management capabilities will be further improved along with the development of wealth management
business and subsidiaries, and will be supported by core talents, mechanisms and policies. A synergy
mechanism between the wealth management subsidiaries and the Company will be established. Risk
management procedures and policy systems will be set up to enhance risk management.


     Fourthly, the effectiveness of professional management of non-performing assets will be improved.
The value of non-performing assets will be fairly determined with improved professional management of
non-performing assets, while valuation results will be linked with performance evaluation and resources
allocation. Vertical and standardised management over branches, as well as vertical management over
collection and disposal activities of business units will be tightened. Moreover, professional talents will be
introduced to continuously enhance the professional operation of all branches.


     Fifthly, fintech strategies and large-scale innovations will be implemented. Data governance will be
consolidated to promote large-scale application of big data in key areas. Teams of data professionals
will be built to further promote key data governance and enhance application results of data quality,
marketing management and key business operations. Integration of IT and businesses and large-scale
innovations will be promoted. Integration of internet finance and businesses will be completed to support
the independent operation of direct bank. A fintech accelerator will be created for an open and efficient
innovation platform.


     Sixthly, vitality regeneration and innovation of systems and mechanisms will be carried out. To
improve innovation, effective and practical innovation incentive policies and training systems will be
launched in a timely manner in line with risk compliance. Innovation resources will be well-allocated
to facilitate innovation laboratories, incubators and responsive innovation measures, so as to build a
positive mechanism which encourages, inspires and boosts innovation, and open a new door to the
innovative development of the Company.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   11




                                                             Message from the Chairman


    2020 will be an extraordinary and challenging year. As pointed out by General Secretary Xi Jinping,
we will surely overcome this epidemic, maintain the satisfactory position of the economic and social
development of China, and achieve the goals of building a moderately well-off society in an all-round way
and alleviating poverty. I believe that so long as we are fully committed to reform and transformation and
unswervingly implement our six strategies despite the challenges ahead, the goals of the Scheme for
Reform and Transformation and the Three-Year Development Plan of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生
銀行改革轉型暨三年發展規劃方案》) will be successfully achieved. These efforts will enable Minsheng
Bank to become a benchmark bank with distinctive features, increased value and continuous innovation!




                                                                            HONG Qi
                                                                Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                                                China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.
                                                                            30 March 2020
12   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Message from the President




                   President Mr. ZHENG Wanchun
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   13




                                            Message from the President

    Another year has passed, and spring has come.


     The year of 2019 marked the 23rd anniversary of Minsheng Bank. Over the past 23 years, despite
the challenges from the changes in internal and external environments, operation and management and
market position, we have always adhered to our mission of “From the People, For the People (為民而
生，與民共生)” and our vision of “a time-honoured bank (長青銀行，百年民生)”. Taking our mission
into action and our vision leading our thoughts, we have exerted tremendous efforts over the years and
achieved outstanding development, demonstrating the vitality and devotion of Minsheng Bank.


      In 2019, capitalising on the opportunities from the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s
Republic of China (PRC), Minsheng Bank was dedicated to promoting innovation and business
development through reform and transformation. Key indicators including scale, structure, efficiency and
quality maintained steady growth. In 2019, operating income of the Group amounted to RMB177,745
million, representing an increase of 15.30% as compared with the previous year. Net profit attributable
to equity shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB53,819 million, representing an increase
of 6.94%. As at the end of the year, total assets and total liabilities on balance sheet amounted to
RMB6.68 trillion and RMB6.15 trillion, respectively. Of which, the increase in both deposits and loans
hit record high. Both of NPL ratio and overdue ratio decreased and asset quality remained satisfactory.
As at the end of the year, capital adequacy ratio (CAR) of the Bank was 13.27%, the best record ever.
After enduring hardships, making adjustments and gathering experiences in the past few years, the
contradiction and risks accumulated from the rapid development of Minsheng Bank in history were
gradually diminished. We are proud to say that our reform and transformation are the key to high quality
development, and we have moved forward to the journey of development featuring light capital, high
quality service, high intelligence and strong characteristics.


     In 2019, Minsheng Bank endeavoured to establish a sound service framework for strategic NSOEs,
SMEs as well as small and micro enterprises to provide customised services for different enterprises
and create a unique brand of featured services. With respect to strategic NSOEs, the Bank adopted
“1+3” comprehensive service model, refined the team working mechanism of “five-in-one” and provided
butler service. With respect to SMEs, the Bank carried out the “Minsheng SME Project”, created the
brand of “Ying Huo Plan” and provided personalised financial services. With respect to small and
micro enterprises, the Bank adopted Small Business 3.0 model, focused on “1+1+N” small and micro
enterprises eco-system and provided quality and comprehensive financial services.
14    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Message from the President


     In 2019, Minsheng Bank focused on reforming the systems and mechanisms, products and
services and data governance with wide application of fintech. We established a technology company,
streamlined the organisational structure and operation procedures in response to the business needs
with strong technology support. The Bank refined the design to “keep data running faster and make
customers less troubled” and offered real time financial services. A development blueprint centering
technology was formulated in a scientific approach for a comprehensive and prospective planning of
technology and relevant business lines. Insisting on the concepts of “data + technology” and “platform
+ scenario”, Minsheng Bank aims to become a “digitalised, internet-based and intelligent” bank. The
development of technology-empowered businesses was accelerated. Mobile banking, WeChat banking,
direct banking, remote banking and open-ended banking services were comprehensively optimised. As
at the end of the year, the number of customers of internet finance retail platforms exceeded 70 million
and the balance of related financial assets amounted to RMB1.79 trillion.


    In 2019, Minsheng Bank focused on providing comprehensive, integrated and diversified services
to customers by adopting internal assessment, cross selling and innovative models. We changed the
performance evaluation framework from the traditional base of “corporate, retail and financial markets”
to a new base of customer groups and product lines to break down the man-made severance.
Emphasising on five aspects including payroll agency, entrepreneur customer groups, agency business,
credit card and asset custody, cross-selling mechanism for key products was strengthened and
diversified solutions were provided. To provide one-stop services covering full business circles and
process to corporate customers and convenient services to retail customers, we continued to improve
the scenario-based transaction bank, customised investment bank, tailor-made entrepreneur services,
convenient online bank and comprehensive wealth management.


     We continued to review and summarise, think and pursue improvement during the course of our
operation. In the midst of the world’s unprecedented changes over the century, the banking industry
is facing different challenges including innovation, competition, reform and restructuring. To cope with
various external changes, banks shall reform to achieve stable development.


     — Despite the ever-changing economic cycle and development environment, from recession to
       prosperity or from a bear market to a bull market, the original aspiration and mission of banks
       to serve enterprises and facilitate the growth of economy shall continue. As the first national
       joint-stock commercial bank initiated and established by NSOEs, being “a bank for the NSOEs”
       has been an inherent mission of Minsheng Bank and also our unswerving strategies. We
       adhere to the goal of “serving the public, caring about livelihood (服務大眾、情繫民生)” and
       “honesty shapes the way to success (誠於民、道相生)”. Committing to achieving our mission
       with perseverance, we have been launching innovative products and optimising our services.
       We aim to facilitate NSOEs to grow during economic upswing period and get support during
       economic downturn, so as to share prosperity and growth with them.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2019   15




                                                        Message from the President


— Despite the ever-changing varieties of banking services and products, as well as the way to
  provide services, the efforts of banks to improve service efficiency shall continue. Technology
  has improved efficiency of banks in every stage of their business model evolution, for example,
  from “Banking 1.0” with physical outlets, “Banking 2.0” with self-services and “Banking 3.0”
  with digitalised and intelligent services, to “Banking 4.0” with omnipresent financial services, or
  from passbook, bank card to APP. Minsheng Bank has been a pioneer in applying technology
  and improving efficiency. Our direct bank has ranked top in terms of consumer experience for
  consecutive years and won great market recognition. With the perfect combination of its low-
  cost, high-efficiency and high-security features, the distributed core system of Minsheng Bank
  far surpasses all other peers. We put great efforts in eliminating shortcomings of a large-scale
  enterprise by enhancing organisation performance and reforming authorisation process to
  improve procedure efficiency, so as to provide quickest services to facilitate our customers to
  grasp business opportunities.


— Despite the ever-changing demands of customers along with the upgrade of production and
  living style, the efforts of banks to satisfy the ultimate experience of customers shall continue.
  Banking services have been evolving as a result of pursuing ultimate customer experience,
  for example, from currency exchange to deposits and loans, and then to the comprehensive
  services including deposits, loans, remittance, investment, payment and settlement, wealth
  management, asset management and risk management, or from a banca waiting for business
  opportunities at the waterfront in Venice in the 14th century to banking institutions providing
  banking services which can be accessed anywhere nowadays. Minsheng Bank provided
  foreign trade enterprises with “single-window” services, which facilitate them to complete all
  declaration formalities with one-time information collection. By launching new supply chain
  finance, we achieved a breakthrough in pledge and collateral arrangements and provided
  enterprises in various industry chains with brand new investment and financing services. We
  also enhanced the coordination of offline and online systems and explored customer service
  channels. The Company has worked efficiently with the subsidiaries and expanded the service
  coverage from banking services to fields including investment banking, leasing and fund
  services. We are committed to reducing worries and increasing confidence of our customers
  based on our understanding of them.
16    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Message from the President


     — Despite the ever-changing industry development circumstances and regulatory policies,
       the efforts of banks to defend the bottom lines of risks shall continue. Banking supervision
       and regulation have been tighter, for example, from micro-prudential supervision to macro-
       prudential supervision, or from the regulatory inspection of “three violations, three arbitrages,
       four improperness, ten chaos (三三四十)” for pushing back the banking business to its origin, to
       the new capital rules for removing rigid repayment. Banking operations need to be re-regulated.
       Minsheng Bank is clearly aware of the importance of risk control and deems compliance with
       the regulatory requirements as its highest principle of operation. We keep abreast of market
       situation and pay attention to risks to ensure the stable development of our financial markets
       business while strengthening inter-bank services. We have established a policy database and
       promoted compliance culture education to universalise compliance in operation in order to
       facilitate stable development.


     — Despite the ups and downs in banks’ operational performance as affected by internal and
       external circumstances, the efforts of banks in fulfilling social responsibility shall continue.
       Banking management is like a marathon of long term competition. During this course, we still
       need to bear in mind of our root and people in need. Minsheng Bank is always grateful to
       perform its social responsibility to contribute to the society. In 2019, we established a poverty
       alleviation system of “One Body and Two Wings (一體兩翼)”, which mainly focused on targeted
       poverty alleviation, and stressed on helping poverty-stricken areas in Tibet, Xinjiang, Sichuan,
       Yunnan, Gansu and Qinghai and carrying out charity campaigns to encourage the society
       to participate in poverty alleviation. Donation on poverty alleviation for the year amounted to
       RMB67.69 million and the balance of loans for targeted poverty alleviation as at the end of the
       year amounted to RMB3,229 million.


     Since its establishment 23 years ago, Minsheng Bank has now become a large modern commercial
bank with RMB6.68 trillion total assets (the Group), RMB530.8 billion net assets (the Group), 58.9
thousand employees and 2,610 branches, ranking 28th in the world banking industry. As the pilot of
financial reform in China, Minsheng Bank has proven, with its over 20 years of practices, the capabilities
of NSOEs to run a bank and to provide quality service back to NSOEs. Competition has changed in the
banking industry now, it is time for us to reconsider what is the mission for a pilot in the new era and how
to contribute more.


    We believe the core mission of a pilot in the new era is to capitalise our advantages in the system
and mechanism and bravely carry out innovation, so as to enhance services and competitiveness in the
new round of reform and opening up, support the quality development of NSOEs and non-state-owned
economy, and contribute to the establishment of a modernised economic system and further satisfy the
people’s expectation towards a better life. We will continue to adhere to our original aspirations, adapt
with changes and make good balance between reform and stability.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   17




                                                              Message from the President


     At the beginning of 2020, the coronavirus outbreak has caused a nationwide health emergency
in China. How can we navigate the ongoing challenges as a plain sailing bank? In addition to making
charitable donations, Minsheng Bank has tailored a series of professional and targeted financial
services for the customers under the influence of epidemic, including favourable interest rates, simplified
procedures, deferred payments and credit protection. We join hands with our customers under the
uncertainty to face the difficulties together. We believe our customers and ourselves will be stronger and
more resilient when the hard time is gone, and more cooperation will be established.


     An unusual beginning turns 2020 into a year of challenges. We consider that the epidemic will cause
a negative impact on the economy in the short term, but will not change the trend towards growth in
the long term. It is inevitable that the business of banks will suffer in the short term. However, we will
maintain a strong commitment to our customers.


     In the coming year, Minsheng Bank will strictly comply with major national strategies and focus on
the three major strategic positionings of becoming “a bank for the NSOEs, a fintech-based bank and
a bank of comprehensive services”. We will adhere to the customer-centric operating principle, take
various measures to support the development of NSOEs and small and micro enterprises, deepen
reform and transformation, and prevent financial risks, making new and better contribution to the
economic and social development and the financial reform.


     In the coming year, Minsheng Bank will focus on technology to construct a digitalised, internet-
based and intelligent bank. We will take “transaction banking, supply chain and risk control” as the
breakthroughs to improve our capabilities in one-stop 2B digital services, refine “wealth management,
small business eco-system, consumer credit” and other scenarios to improve our capabilities in
scenario-based 2C digital services, and build the three major platforms of “asset management cloud,
custody cloud and inter-bank capital cloud” to improve our capabilities in comprehensive 2F digital
services.


     In the coming year, Minsheng Bank will complete the reform and transformation and the three-
year plan. We will consistently show no fear to tackle the difficulties and achieve all goals, including
full upgrading from products and services to business model, from front office to middle and back
offices, and from organisation efficiency to resources allocation, making phenomenal progress in
various businesses including direct bank, small business finance, investment bank, credit card, supply
chain finance and asset management, so as to achieve higher quality, higher efficiency and greater
momentum.
18   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Message from the President


    Throughout the 24 years of history, Minsheng Bank maintained a strong commitment to its
aspirations. We made changes in pursuit of excellence. Looking ahead, we will go forward at a faster
pace. On the journey towards a time-honoured bank, Minsheng Bank will endeavour to continuously
create more values for the customers, the shareholders and the society.




                                                                     ZHENG Wanchun
                                                                         President
                                                             China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.
                                                                        30 March 2020
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   19




     Strategic Positioning and Reform and Transformation of the Company

I. Mission

     The world is witnessing major changes unseen in a century. In view of complex economic and
financial regulatory situations domestically and internationally, and in response to various challenges
such as greater economic downward pressure, accelerated liberalisation of interest rates, stricter
financial regulation and extensive application of fintech, the Company has further improved corporate
governance, optimised systems and mechanisms, and enhanced organisational efficiency. In particular,
the Company has deepened reform and transformation, accelerated business model reform and
business adjustment, and continuously promoted the use of technology in business operation and
large-scale innovation. Focusing on its development strategies and adhering to its three major strategic
positioning of becoming a bank for the NSOEs, a fintech-based bank and a bank of comprehensive
services, the Company has further facilitated the continuous improvement of its development quality and
competitiveness.


II. Strategic Positioning and Target

(I) Strategic positioning

   The Company aims to become a bank for the NSOEs, a fintech-based bank and a bank of
comprehensive services.


(II) Strategic target

    Adhering to the customer-centric philosophy and to realise the goals of high-quality development
and profitability, the Company strives to transform itself into a digitalised, light-capital benchmark bank of
comprehensive services, so as to further increase its corporate value.


III. Reform and Transformation

     During the Reporting Period, the Board and the management led the development of the Bank
by adhering to the three strategic positioning of being “a bank for the NSOEs, a fintech-based bank
and a bank of comprehensive services”. Emphasising on the ten major tasks and 25 key initiatives
of the reform and transformation, the Company promoted the transformation of business model and
management mechanism to achieve development with high quality, high benefit and high efficiency.
20   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Strategic Positioning and Reform and Transformation of the Company


Firstly, to put “a bank for the NSOEs” in practice, the Company focused on the major
NSOE customer groups, especially the strategic customers, niche customers, SMEs and
small and micro customers.

     The Company accelerated to build the service system for strategic NSOEs, and completed the
extension of the list of strategic NSOEs at Head Office and branch levels, enhanced the comprehensive
service model of “1+3”, implemented the account planning for strategic customers and the “five in one”
team work model, and improved the management mechanism for categorised marketing and service. In
response to the needs of strategic NSOEs, the Company provided more differentiated and customised
financial service solutions based on transaction banking, investment banking and financial markets
agency services.


     The Company established a new supply chain finance business model, innovated the highly
competitive supply chain financing products such as E-Credit Finance (信融E) and E-Receivables (應
收E), improved the contectualised supply chain service system, optimised the online marketing and
service and risk control procedures, forming a full-chain service capability for niche NSOEs around core
enterprises. The Company continued to expand the target customer base of supply chain financial
services and provided industrial solutions to 12 major industries.


    The Company firmly promoted the “Minsheng SME Project (中小企業民生工程)”. By establishing
system platform, optimising service procedures and launching highly competitive products, the
Company continued to improve comprehensive service capabilities in settlement, financing and
wealth management for SME customers. As part of the “Ying Huo Plan (螢火計劃)”, the Company
promoted the business model of “share option + comprehensive services”, which contributed a total
of 550 contracted customers. Scale economies and brand reputation of financial services for small and
medium-sized NSOEs were gradually formed.


     The Company continued to improve the service capability for small and micro enterprises. In
response to the new market condition, the Company adjusted the business structure, developed
innovative products, streamlined its service channels, accelerated the establishment of online services
for small business, cultivated the eco-system of “1+1+N” for small business customer groups, explored
integrated operation of “Settlement + Wealth + Credit”, and enhanced the professional level of small
business services. With the transformation and upgrading of loan business to comprehensive services,
the leading position of the Company in the industry was further consolidated.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   21




     Strategic Positioning and Reform and Transformation of the Company


Secondly, to build up “a fintech-based” bank, the Company accelerated fintech application
and promoted business transformation with new technology.

     The Company facilitated fintech application based on the core nature of fintech. By making full
use of new technology to support business development, the Company expanded the scope of
customer service, restructured procedures for product design, optimised supply of financial products
and diversified customer service channels. The Company reformed its business patterns based on user
thinking and took technology as the locomotive for business transformation.


     Based on “platform + data + scenario”, the Company established a new scenarised financial service
platform for corporate business consisting of six major product systems, six major mid-office systems
and six major risk systems. The Company supported the transformation of retail customer group
management by optimising the control of big data-based marketing, constructing online eco-system and
open-ended banking system to facilitate more accurate online marketing and services.


    As the application of distributed technology is becoming increasingly mature, the Company
gradually restructured systems for direct bank, certificate management, payment engines and core
system of SAP liability in order to facilitate the business transformation towards open-ended and
scenario-based financial services, and the IT transformation towards platform and intelligence-oriented
operation, and to form the capability of exporting technology.


Thirdly, to build “a bank of comprehensive services”, the Company strove to realise the
synergy of “One Minsheng” based on the customer-centric philosophy.

     Adhering to customer-centric philosophy, the Company focused on the needs of target customers,
enriched product supply, optimised service processes and streamlined internal management to promote
cross-selling and synergy system under “One Minsheng”.


     At the Bank level, the Company improved resource allocation and performance evaluation
mechanism, promoted synergy across business segments, lines and organisations, improved customer
acquisition and management capabilities, and expanded the scope and extent of comprehensive
customer services. With the accomplishment of the customer-centric renovation of business outlets, the
service and marketing capabilities of the on-site teams were significantly improved and their business
performance maintained rapid growth.


     At the Group level, the Company strengthened strategic synergy between the Bank and its
subsidiaries, coordinated customer-centric business and management to effectively improve joint
services for target customers and the financial competitiveness of the Group as a whole.
22    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Annual Awards



The Company was honoured as the “Best Institution in China for       The Company was awarded the “Golden Bull Wealth Management
2019 (2019年度中國最佳機構)” by Asia Risk                                    Bank of the Year (年度金牛理財銀行)” in the “Golden Bull Wealth
                                                                     Management Awards (金牛理財綜合評選)” organised by the China
                                                                     Securities Journal


The Company won the “Top 10 Investment Banking Innovation            The Company was honoured as the “Outstanding Listed Enterprise
Award (十佳投資銀行創新獎)”, the “2019 China’s Financial                      in Social Responsibilities” at the 4th Golden Hong Kong Stocks
Innovation Award (2019中國金融創新獎)” and the “Top 10 Mobile               Awards (第 四 屆 金 港 股「最 具 社 會 責 任 上 市 公 司」大 獎) by
Banking Innovation Award (十佳手機銀行創新獎)” by The Chinese                 zhitongcaijing.com (智通財經)
Banker

The Company won the “Best Development Award (最佳發展獎)” by              The Company was granted the “2018 Annual Report Gold Award
China Banking                                                        (2018年年報金獎)”, “Top 80 Chinese Annual Reports (最佳80強
                                                                     中文年報)” and “Sci-Tech Innovation Award (科技創新獎)” in the
                                                                     International ARC Award (年報大賽) (ARC)


The Company was awarded the “Best Custodian Bank of the Year         The Company won the “Annual Case of Brand Communication
(年度最佳託管銀行)” by the Financial Times in its Gold Medal Award           Award (品牌傳播年度案例獎)” by China Financial Publishing House
of Chinese Financial Institutions (中國金融機構金牌榜)



The Company won the “First Prize for Outstanding Case of Financial   The Company won the “2019 Chinese Brand Case Award (2019
Services for Global Industry Chain (金融服務全球產業鏈優秀案例                    年度中國品牌案例)” by the People’s Daily and was listed among
一等獎)” by the Asian Financial Cooperation Association                 “People’s Daily Top 100 Index of Chinese Brand Development
                                                                     (Enterprise) (人民日報中國品牌發展（企業）指數100強)”


The Company won the prize of “Hurun New Finance Report in 2019       The Company was granted the “Trustworthy Bank of 2019 (2019年
(2019胡潤新金融百強榜)” at the “Summit of Hurun New Finance                  度用戶信賴銀行)” by hexun.com
Report in 2019 (2019胡潤新金融百強榜峰會)” jointly organised by
Hurun Report (胡潤百富) and Tong (小銅人)


The Company won the “Golden Wealth Management” — Private             The Company won the “Best IR Team (最佳IR團隊)” award in the
Banking Excellence Award of the Year (「金理財」年度私人銀行卓越                  Golden Bauhinia Awards by China Securities
獎) by the Shanghai Securities News



The Company was awarded the “Most Influential Brand in the           The Company was presented with the “Fifth Investor Relations
PRC Consumer Market (中國消費市場行業影響力品牌)” by the                          Award (第五屆投資者關係大獎)” by the Hong Kong Investor
Consumption Daily (消費日報)                                             Relations Association
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   23




                                                                              Bank Profile

1.   Registered Chinese Name of the Company: 中國民生銀行股份有限公司
       (Abbreviation: “中國民生銀行”)
     Registered English Name of the Company: CHINA MINSHENG BANKING CORP., LTD.
       (Abbreviation: “CMBC”)


2.   Legal Representative of the Company:      Hong Qi


3.   Authorised Representatives of             Xie Zhichun
       the Company:                            Wong Wai Yee, Ella


4.   Board Secretary:                          Bai Dan
     Company Secretary:                        Wong Wai Yee, Ella
     Representative of Securities Affairs:     Wang Honggang


5.   Mailing Address:                          China Minsheng Bank Building,
                                               No. 2 Fuxingmennei Avenue,
                                               Xicheng District, Beijing, China
     Postal Code:                              100031
     Telephone:                                86-10-58560975
     Facsimile:                                86-10-58560720
     Email:                                    cmbc@cmbc.com.cn


6.   Registered Address:                       No. 2 Fuxingmennei Avenue,
                                               Xicheng District, Beijing, China
     Postal Code:                              100031
     Website:                                  www.cmbc.com.cn
     Email:                                    cmbc@cmbc.com.cn


7.   Branch Office and Place of                40/F and 4106–08, 41/F,
       Business in Hong Kong:                  Two International Finance Centre,
                                               8 Finance Street, Central, Hong Kong


8.   Newspapers Selected by the Company for China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities
       Information Disclosure:	  News and Securities Times
     Website Designated by the CSRC for
      Publishing the A Share Annual Report:              www.sse.com.cn
     Website Designated by the SEHK for
      Publishing the H Share Annual Report:              www.hkexnews.hk
     Place for Collection of the Annual Reports:         Office of the Board of the Company
24    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Bank Profile


9.    Legal Adviser as to PRC Law:           Grandall Law Firm, Beijing Office
      Legal Adviser as to Hong Kong Law:     Clifford Chance


10.   Domestic Accounting Firm:              PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP
      Office Address:                        11/F, PricewaterhouseCoopers Centre, Link Square 2,
                                             202 Hu Bin Road, Huangpu District, Shanghai
      International Accounting Firm:         PricewaterhouseCoopers
      Office Address:                        22/F, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road, Central,
                                             Hong Kong
      Signing Accountants:                   Yan Lin, Zhang Honglei


11.   A Share Registrar:                     China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation
                                             Limited (Shanghai Branch)
      Office Address:                        36/F, China Insurance Building,
                                             No. 166 Lujiazui East Road, New Pudong District,
                                             Shanghai, China
      H Share Registrar:                     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
      Office Address:                        Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
                                             183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong


12.   Places of Listing, Stock Names and Stock Codes:
      A Share:                               SSE; Stock Name: MINSHENG BANK;
                                             Stock Code: 600016
      H Share:                               SEHK; Stock Name: MINSHENG BANK;
                                             Stock Code: 01988
      Domestic Preference Share:             SSE; Stock Name: Minsheng Preference 1;
                                             Stock Code: 360037
      Offshore Preference Share:             SEHK; Stock Name: CMBC 16USDPREF;
                                             Stock Code: 04609


13.   Initial Date of Registration:          7 February 1996
      Initial Place of Registration:         No. 4 Zhengyi Road, Dongcheng District,
                                             Beijing, China


14.   Date of Registration for
      Subsequent Change:                     20 November 2007
      Place of Registration:                 No. 2 Fuxingmennei Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing,
                                             China


15.   Unified Social Credit Code:            91110000100018988F
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2019      25




          Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators

I. Major Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
                                                                                Changes of
                                                                              the Reporting
                                                                             Period over the
                                                                             corresponding
                                                                               period of the
                                                   2019         2018          previous year             2017         2016          2015
Operating results                                                            Increase/decrease
  (RMB million)                                                                              (%)
  Net interest income                           97,943          76,680                    27.73          86,552      94,684         94,268
 Net interest income (after adjustment)       113,292          97,942                    15.67          86,552      94,684         94,268
  Net non-interest income                       79,802          77,481                     3.00          55,395      59,367         59,483
 Net non-interest income
    (after adjustment)                          64,453          56,219                      14.65        55,395      59,367         59,483
  Operating income                             177,745         154,161                      15.30       141,947     154,051        153,751
  Operating expenses                            50,016          49,056                       1.96        47,245      52,424         58,176
 Impairment losses on loans and advances       60,850          43,611                      39.53        32,180      41,214         33,029
  Profit before income tax                      64,738          58,785                      10.13        60,562      60,249         60,774
 Net profit attributable to equity
    shareholders of the Company                 53,819           50,327                       6.94       49,813      47,843         46,111
 Net cash flow from operating activities      -84,927         -395,498               Negative for     -257,059   1,028,855        225,121
                                                                                      both periods
Data per share (RMB)
  Basic earnings per share                           1.22          1.14                    7.02            1.13         1.09            1.08
  Diluted earnings per share                         1.22          1.14                    7.02            1.13         1.09            1.06
 Net cash flow per share from                                                     Negative for
    operating activities                            -1.94         -9.03            both periods           -5.87        23.50            5.14
                                                                                    Changes in
Profitability indicators (%)                                                  percentage points
  Return on average assets                           0.87         0.85                     0.02            0.86         0.94            1.10
  Return on weighted average equity                 12.40        12.94                    -0.54           14.03        15.13           16.98
  Cost-to-income ratio                              27.14        30.58                    -3.44           32.24        31.21           31.35
 Net fee and commission income
    to operating income ratio                       29.42        31.22                       -1.80        33.63        33.92           33.30
  Net interest spread                                1.87         1.64                        0.23         1.35         1.74            2.10
  Net interest margin (restated)                     2.11         1.87                        0.24         1.62         1.93            2.31


Net Profit Attributable to Equity
Shareholders of the Company
(RMB million)                                                             Total Assets (RMB million)


 60,000                                                                   7,000,000                                               6,681,841
                                                      53,819
                                 49,813   50,327                          6,000,000               5,895,877 5,902,086 5,994,822
 50,000             47,843
          46,111

                                                                          5,000,000
 40,000                                                                               4,520,688

                                                                          4,000,000
 30,000
                                                                          3,000,000

 20,000
                                                                          2,000,000

 10,000
                                                                          1,000,000


      0                                                                          0
          2015      2016         2017     2018       2019                              2015        2016      2017      2018        2019
26      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators


                                                                                Changes from
                                                                                  the end of
                                                           31        31     the previous year to     31        31        31
                                                       December December          the end of     December December December
                                                          2019      2018   the Reporting Period     2017      2016      2015
 Scale indicators                                                              Increase/decrease
   (RMB million)                                                                             (%)
   Total assets                                        6,681,841 5,994,822                 11.46 5,902,086 5,895,877 4,520,688
  Total loans and
     advances to customers                              3,487,601      3,056,746                         14.10      2,804,307       2,461,586     2,048,048
   Total liabilities                                    6,151,012      5,563,821                         10.55      5,512,274       5,543,850     4,210,905
   Total deposits from customers                        3,604,088      3,167,292                         13.79      2,966,311       3,082,242     2,732,262
   Share capital                                           43,782         43,782                            —          36,485          36,485        36,485
  Total equity attributable to equity
     shareholders of the Company                          518,845         420,074                        23.51        378,970           342,590    301,218
  Total equity attributable to
     ordinary shareholders of the
     Company                                              448,985         410,182                          9.46       369,078           332,698    301,218
  Net assets per share attributable
     to ordinary shareholders of the
     Company (RMB)                                           10.26            9.37                     9.50                8.43            7.60        6.88
                                                                                                Changes in
 Asset quality indicators (%)                                                             percentage points
   NPL ratio                                                 1.56            1.76                     -0.20               1.71             1.68       1.60
   Allowance to NPLs                                       155.50          134.05                    21.45              155.61           155.41     153.63
   Allowance to total loans                                  2.43            2.36                      0.07               2.66             2.62       2.46
 Capital adequacy ratio
   indicators (%)
  Core tier-one capital
      adequacy ratio                                          8.89            8.93                        -0.04           8.63             8.95       9.17
   Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                           10.28            9.16                         1.12           8.88             9.22       9.19
   Capital adequacy ratio                                    13.17           11.75                         1.42          11.85            11.73      11.49
   Total equity to total assets ratio                         7.94            7.19                         0.75           6.60             5.97       6.85
Notes: 1. For 2017 and the years before, earnings per share, net cash flow per share from operating activities and net assets per share attributable to
          ordinary shareholders of the Company were restated based on the number of shares upon the completion of the capitalisation of the capital
          reserve in 2017.
       2. The new accounting standards in relation to financial instruments have been adopted since 1 January 2018, pursuant to which, gains from the
          holding of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are no longer recorded as interest income. The adjusted data of relevant gains to
          interest income was stated with adjustment.
       3. Return on average assets = net profit/average balance of total assets at the beginning and the end of the period.
       4. Earnings per share and return on weighted average equity: calculated according to regulations including the Preparation Rules for Information
          Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public No. 9 — Calculation and Disclosure of Return on Equity and Earnings per Share (2010
          Revision) (《公開發行證券的公司信息披露編報規則第9號 — 淨資產收益率和每股收益的計算及披露》                                                        （2010年修訂）) promulgated by the
          CSRC, etc. The effect of the distribution of preference shares dividends was taken into account in calculating the above indicators.
       5. Cost-to-income ratio = (operating and other operating expenses – tax and surcharges)/operating income.
       6. Net interest spread = average return ratio on interest-earning assets – average cost ratio of interest-bearing liabilities.
       7. Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of interest-earning assets. The comparative figures had been restated.
       8. Total loans and advances to customers and total deposits from customers did not include accrued interests.
       9. NPL ratio = total NPLs/total loans and advances to customers.
       10. Allowance to NPLs and allowance to total loans were calculated according to Notice on the Regulatory Requirement on Adjustment to Allowance
           for Impairment Losses on Loans of Commercial Banks (《關於調整商業銀行貸款損失準備監管要求的通知》) (Yin Jian Fa [2018] No.7)
           promulgated by the CBIRC. Allowance to NPLs = allowance for impairment losses on loans/total NPLs; allowance to total loans = allowance for
           impairment losses on loans/total loans and advances to customers.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2019       27




                              Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators


II. Supplementary Accounting Data and Financial Indicators

                                                                                                                                           (Unit: %)
                                                                                         31 December           31 December          31 December
 Major Indicators                                                      Benchmark               2019                 2018                 2017
 Liquidity ratio                       Consolidated in RMB                        ≥25                 54.06                51.64                39.80

Note: The above data are information of the Company. The indicators were calculated based on the relevant regulations of the Chinese banking regulators.
28   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.
Annual Report 2019   29
30   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation

I. Review of Economic and Financial Conditions and Government Policies

     During the Reporting Period, most of the major economies cut their interest rates amid the
prolonged global economic downturn. The escalation of the trade frictions has materially and adversely
affected the multilateral trading system. On one hand, global economy continued its downturn trend.
Noting that the global economic growth in 2019 was in the slowest pace since the global financial crisis,
IMF further lowered its global economic growth forecast. The U.S. economic growth slowed down
obviously and the Federal Reserve adopted preventive rate cuts instead of rate hike. European economy
remained its sluggish growth and the Brexit issues have not yet been resolved. European Central Bank
cut interest rates and restarted its quantitative easing measures. Japanese economy continued to
struggle with lacklustre growth and Japan’s central bank continued to implement ultra-loose policies.
Major emerging economies showed slower growth generally and tended to adopt monetary policies to
cut interest rate. On the other hand, the trade frictions further escalated. The escalation of trade frictions
among major economies, such as China and the U.S., Europe and the U.S., and Japan and Korea, has
stalled the operation of WTO and materially and adversely affected the global multilateral trading system.
Trade frictions deeply affected the global industrial division and the global value chain, which slowed
down the growth of global trade and investment and hindered the progress of global economic recovery.
Changes in global economic and financial trend have affected China’s economy in various aspects,
including trade, investment, exchange rates, risk appetite and expectation. China’s economy faced
numerous difficulties and challenges. Nonetheless, at the end of the year, the trade frictions between the
U.S. and China have eased and the global economy has regained its footing with the counter-cyclical
adjustment efforts of various countries.


     During the Reporting Period, against the backdrop of the complicated and ever-changing internal
and external environment, China’s economy maintained its stable and resilient growth. Transformation of
growth momentum was accelerated, while reform and opening-up were firmly promoted. Nonetheless,
China’s economy still faced difficulties and problems. Economic structural, systematic and cyclical
problems still lingered. In the face of economic downturn, the Chinese government insisted on
promoting steady economic growth and focused on supply-side structural reform, in order to foster
high-quality economic and social development. In addition to sound and moderate monetary policies,
counter-cyclical measures were timely and properly implemented in order to maintain reasonably
adequate liquidity. By increasing banks’ credit granting capacity and smoothing up monetary
transmission mechanism with reforms, the Chinese government aimed to reduce financing costs of the
real economy. Proactive fiscal policies were strengthened, including the adoption of more extensive
tax reduction and greater surcharge reduction. Fiscal expenditures were increased to support major
projects and strengthen areas of weakness in infrastructure investment. Supply-side structural financial
reform was conducted to optimise financing and credit structures, strengthen support for high-
quality development of manufacturing industry and facilitate small and micro NSOEs in financing and
reduce their financing costs. Compatibility of the financial system and supply and demand system
was improved. Measures were taken to prevent and mitigate significant financial risks and break rigid
payment. Long-term mechanisms were established to strengthen areas of weakness in the prudent
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   31




                               Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


macro-economic policy framework and regulatory system. The financial risks rapidly accumulated in the
early stage had been mitigated gradually. Through further speeding up the financial reform and open-
up and deepening the financial cooperation with different countries and regions, China improved the
coordination on international macro-economic and financial policies.


     With policies to strengthen services to the real economy and counter-cyclical measures, the scale
of commercial banks expanded steadily. The structure of assets and liabilities of commercial banks was
further optimised, while the proportion of credit to interest-earning assets further increased. Commercial
banks placed more focuses on credit granting for small and micro enterprises and NSOEs instead of
relying on loans to other banks and financial institutions. The expansion of scale, steady growth of net
interest margin and significant increase in fee contributed to the satisfactory profitability of the banking
industry. Efforts were put in replenishing capital and the capital adequacy ratio of the banking industry
was stable, which laid a solid foundation for the capital sustainability, scale expansion, sound operation
and risk disposal. However, financing demand of enterprises remained weak and there was a shortage
of quality assets. Loans were mainly granted for retail, infrastructure and real estate sectors and the
banking industry continued to have low risk appetite. Due to the intense competition in deposits, the
banking industry faced pressure of tending to time deposits. The partial contraction of credit resulted
in the increase in number of inferior banks and pressure on risk prevention. Despite the steady growth
of the banking industry, the operation of banks considerably diverged. Leading banks maintained their
sound and rapid growth, while inferior banks faced great pressure on assets quality and profitability,
which affected the overall performance of the banking industry. To proactively respond to the changes in
business environment, effectively support the development of real economy and prevent various types of
financial risks, the Company adopted the following measures and achieved good results:


     1. The Company steadily continued the implementation of its reform and transformation. According
to the Overall Implementation Scheme for Reform and Transformation and the Three-Year Development
Plan of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行改革轉型暨三年發展規劃整體實施方案》), the
Company implemented major tasks of the reform and transformation for the year. Various measures
were taken to comprehensively boost values of corporate, retail and interbank customers, explore low-
cost source of liabilities and optimise liability structure. Actions were centralised throughout the Bank
to speed up the implementation of NSOE strategies. The Company also enhanced the synergy among
information technology, internet finance and business to promote the development of fintech. Efforts
were put to improve the development of cross-selling system and further promote comprehensive
operation. Synergy of risk and business was strengthened to improve the overall risk management
system. Value-oriented and strategy-oriented resource allocation and performance appraisal were
adopted, and the organisational structure and staff composition were optimised.
32   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


      2. Adhering to its historical mission of “From the People, For the People (為民而生，與民共
生)”, the Company served as a bank for the NSOEs. According to its NSOE strategies, the Company
accelerated the systematic and comprehensive implementation of four segments, including strategic
NSOEs, small and medium-sized NSOEs, small and micro-sized NSOEs and niche NSOEs. In order
to coordinate the implementation of NSOE strategies at the Head Office and branches, the Company
focused on key strategies with supporting measures. With an aim to improve the quality and efficiency
of financial services for small and micro enterprises, the Company adopted differentiated polices
on the existing quality small and micro customers of secured loans in accordance with the national
requirements on supporting small and micro enterprises. The “small supply chain financial model” was
developed. By leveraging on the thorough access to market conditions and understanding of customers
of its business units, the Company provided supply-chain financial services for all participants across the
supply chain and established the characteristics and strengths of its supply chain finance, speeding up
its implementation of supply chain finance strategies.


     3. The Company improved technology-business synergy to become a fintech-based bank.
In more open-minded and active response to the opportunities and challenges arising from fintech
development, the Company formulated a three-year plan for the strategic development of fintech with
an aim to accomplish its objective of technological advancement and digitalisation of the Bank. The
Company enhanced its smart services and continuously improved customer experience by promoting
the development of direct banking, remote banking, online small business loans and credit card online
services. The synergy between technology and business was strengthened with the transformation of
distributed framework and data governance as two driving forces to promote the implementations of
strategies and reform and transformation and guarantee the resources base.


      4. The Company established a “customer-centric” integrated service system to develop into a bank
of comprehensive services. The Company proactively supported strategies of the government, including
the integration of Yangtze River Delta and development of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay
Area, to serve the coordinated development of regional economy and society. Based on the operation
strategy of “promoting synergy”, the Company formulated and refined the cross-selling mechanism
for strategic NSOE customers to improve the quality and efficiency of the development of cooperate
business and to promote the growth of retail and financial markets businesses, as well as businesses
of its subsidiaries. The Company exerted great efforts in establishing a comprehensive service system
with the combination of capital, intelligence and commerce. The Company optimised its organisational
structure and supported the development of operating institutions in key regions, so as to promote
the business synergy and coordination between Minsheng Bank, overseas institutions and affiliated
institutions.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   33




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     5. The Company strengthened its comprehensive and refined management. The Company
promoted the growth of asset and liability by enhancing its asset and liability management. Through
effectively managing the pricing under the mechanism of dual interest rate system, the Company further
increased its net interest margin. The Company improved its capital management and sped up the
transformation into light-capital business model. The Company refined its financial management by
optimising strategy-oriented budget management and value-oriented financial resource allocation, and
continuously reducing cost and enhancing efficiency, to further improve the input-output efficiency of
financial resources. The Company also optimised and upgraded its business models by intensifying
omni-channel planning.


      6. The Company enhanced its overall risk management. An overall risk management system
was established to enhance the risk management. In order to lay a sound foundation for business
development and reform and transformation, the Company enhanced its money laundering risk
management system. The Company also further optimised its internal control system and refined the
operation mechanism of its internal control committee. Coordinated management measures for audit,
risk and internal control and compliance departments were revised to promote normalised operation
of the coordinated mechanism for these managerial departments. The Company implemented a
specialised operation and management mechanism for managing non-performing assets to improve the
efficiency of recovery and disposal of non-performing assets throughout the Bank. In order to ensure
the compliant operation of the Bank and its subsidiaries, the Company strengthened internal control and
compliance guidance on and management of the subsidiaries.


    7. The Company further improved the organisational efficiency. In order to cope with changes in
operating environment and further promote its reform and transformation, the Company reshaped its
corporate culture based on the “strategy-oriented, value-oriented, sustainability-oriented” principles
to become a light-weighted institution with highly capable and competent staffs and outstanding
performance. With clearly defined organisational structure, job positions, staff arrangements,
performance objectives, recruitment and remuneration, the Company restructured the six systems
of human resources management by optimising organisational structure, streamlining business
processes, re-organising job responsibilities, confirming staff arrangements, re-establishing appraisal
system, matching job positions with suitable employees and confirming value of each job positions. The
Company also enhanced structural capabilities and talent cultivation to push forward the transformation
from a “big Head Office” to a “powerful Head Office”.
34   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


II. Overview of Operations

     During the Reporting Period, the Company took proactive measures in coping with the adjustments
and changes in the internal and external operating environment. The Company strictly complied with the
national strategies and the requirements of economic and financial policies, and continued to promote
the three major strategic positionings of becoming “a bank for the NSOEs, a fintech-based bank and a
bank of comprehensive services”. Adhering to the customer-centric approach, the Company supported
the development of the real economy with effective services and continued reform and transformation.
Operating efficiency improved steadily with continuously optimised business structure. Technology and
business innovations were accelerated, the prevention and control of financial risks were enhanced and
the asset quality remained stable. A sound development was achieved in all businesses of the Company.


(I) Significant improvement in operating efficiency with steady growth in profits

     Operating efficiency continued to increase. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded
net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of RMB53,819 million, representing an
increase of RMB3,492 million, or 6.94%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous
year. Profit before allowance and income tax amounted to RMB127,729 million, representing an increase
of RMB22,624 million, or 21.53% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.
Operating income was RMB177,745 million, representing an increase of RMB23,584 million, or 15.30%,
as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Net interest margin was 2.11%,
representing an increase of 0.24 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year. Cost-to-income ratio was 27.14%, representing a decrease of 3.44 percentage points as
compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.


     Returns to shareholders remained steady. During the Reporting Period, return on average
assets of the Group and return on weighted average equity attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
of the Company were 0.87% and 12.40%, representing an increase of 0.02 percentage points and
a decrease of 0.54 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of the previous
year, respectively. Basic earnings per share was RMB1.22, increased by RMB0.08 as compared with
the corresponding period of the previous year. As at the end of the Reporting Period, net assets per
share attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company was RMB10.26, increased by RMB0.89 as
compared with the end of the previous year.


      Asset and liability scale maintained coordinated growth. As at the end of Reporting
Period, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB6,681,841 million, representing an increase of
RMB687,019 million, or 11.46%, as compared with the end of the previous year. Total loans and
advances to customers amounted to RMB3,487,601 million, representing an increase of RMB430,855
million, or 14.10%, as compared with the end of the previous year. Of which, retail loans amounted
to RMB1,412,924 million, representing an increase of RMB182,379 million, or 14.82%, as compared
with the end of the previous year. Total liabilities amounted to RMB6,151,012 million, representing
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   35




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


an increase of RMB587,191 million, or 10.55%, as compared with the end of the previous year. Total
deposits amounted to RMB3,604,088 million, representing an increase of RMB436,796 million, or
13.79%, as compared with the end of the previous year. Of which, total savings deposits amounted to
RMB718,363 million, representing an increase of RMB143,074 million, or 24.87%, as compared with the
end of the previous year. Proportion of savings deposits was 19.93%, representing an increase of 1.77
percentage points, as compared with the end of the previous year.


(II) Focus on NSOEs and continuous improvement in comprehensive services

      NSOE strategy was further implemented. With focus on the NSOE strategies, the Company
established strategic NSOE customer lists at both Head Office and branch levels. The “1+3”
comprehensive service model was launched with the support of “five-in-one (五位一體)” service
systems, offering professional, personalised and quality services for customers in the white name
list. As at the end of Reporting Period, strategic NSOE customers amounted to 650, representing an
increase of 83.62%, as compared with the end of the previous year. Daily average deposit amounted
to RMB359,855 million, representing an increase of 86.20%, as compared with the end of the previous
year. Total loans amounted to RMB436,468 million, representing an increase of 113.00%, as compared
with the end of the previous year.


     Niche NSOE customers were further developed. Through the application of technologies
including cloud computing, big data, internet of things and other new technologies, the Company
consolidated its resources to facilitate the coordinated development of financial services and
transformed from an intermediary agency of funds and services to a supply-chain service provider.
Scenarised supply-chain products and service model were developed and a service system covering
the whole chain for niche NSOEs with focus on core enterprises was established. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, the Company provided services for over 10,000 customers along the industry chains.


     Breakthroughs were made in SME customer services. The Company continued to promote its
“Minsheng SME Project (中小企業民生工程)” by further improving the comprehensive service quality for
SME customers and developed the brand for SME services through “Ying Huo Plan (螢火計劃)”. During
the Reporting Period, daily average deposits of SMEs amounted to RMB594,855 million, representing an
increase of 12.83% as compared with the previous year.


      Comprehensive values of small business finance customers were enhanced. The Company
further refined the new Small Business 3.0 model and improved the comprehensive service capabilities
of “1+1+N”, facilitating the transformation from loan business into a comprehensive service model. As at
the end of the Reporting Period, total loans to small and micro enterprises amounted to RMB444,560
million, representing an increase of 9.25%, as compared with the end of the previous year.
36   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(III) Business development empowered by technologies and achievements in digital
transformation

     Technologies empowered business model transformation. Based on the fintech
strategy, the Company formulated the Fintech-Based Strategic Development Plan of
China Minsheng Bank (2019–2022) (《中 國 民 生 銀 行 科 技 金 融 戰 略 發 展 規 劃（2019–
2022年）》). Adhering to the strategic vision of becoming a digitalised bank empowered by technologies,
the Company insisted on innovative development with focus on the two major development models,
namely “finance + internet” and “internet + finance”. The Company actively reformed its technological
system, established a middle office system for scenarised financial services and accelerated the
transformation of technologies from a supporting tool for business development to a driving force for
business innovation. For corporate business, a smart NSOE eco-system was established through the
comprehensive corporate service platform featuring “platform + data + scenario”. For retail business, a
smart retail banking eco-system was established through big data-based management, marketing and
risk control. For interbank business, a smart interbank eco-system was established by offering one-stop
“fund management +” services. The Company refined its profit model based on customer’s experience
and took technologies as the driving force for business development.


     Steady progress was made in digital transformation. Based on the two major development
models, namely “finance + internet” and “internet + finance”, the Company enhanced its capabilities
in smart marketing, smart risk control and smart operation, laying solid foundation for the digital online
bank. On one hand, an overall plan of the online banking platform was formed. The Company launched
the online eco-system and open banking system consisting of “three banking systems” including mobile
banking, online banking and WeChat banking, as well as “four platforms” of digital operation platform,
direct connection platform between bank and enterprises (銀企直聯平台), online payment platform and
open banking service platform (開放銀行服務平台). On the other hand, the Company established the
leading direct bank in the industry, developed a new quasi-independent operation and management
model, applied distributed core technology and differentiated risk control model, to facilitate the
transformation and upgrading of business model. As at the end of the Reporting Period, corporate
online platform users of the Company amounted to 2,310.3 thousand, representing an increase of
498.3 thousand, or 27.50%, as compared with the end of the previous year. Retail online platform
users amounted to 70,411.8 thousand, representing an increase of 11,112.0 thousand, or 18.74%, as
compared with the end of the previous year. Total number of direct banking customers was 29,203.0
thousand and financial assets managed by the Company amounted to RMB109,832 million.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2019   37




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(IV) Coordinated business development with continuous enhancement in comprehensive
service capabilities

    Cross-selling among customers and products was strengthened. The Company promoted
the comprehensive services for strategic NSOEs and enhanced the synergy among customer groups
and products. Cross-selling mechanism of key businesses including payroll agency, entrepreneur
customer groups, agency business, credit card and asset custody was strengthened in order to
provide customers with comprehensive financial services with combination of capital, intelligence and
commerce. Cross-selling among key businesses effectively facilitated the consolidation of customer
base, expansion of financial asset scale and growth of revenue.


      Synergy between the parent company and subsidiaries was enhanced. Persisting on the
principle of “One Minsheng (一個民生)”, the Company refined the management and control system of
the Group, adopted integrated planning and organisation, and established an intensive management
model for subsidiaries in order to enhance the coordination between the parent company and
subsidiaries in terms of business and management. The Company actively supported the business
synergy of subsidiaries and formulated coordinated development strategy with focus on major business
lines. Profitability, comprehensive strengths and market positions of the subsidiaries continued to
improve. During the Reporting Period, total operating income of subsidiaries amounted to RMB6,141
million, representing an increase of 9.45%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous
year. Net profit of subsidiaries amounted to RMB2,427 million, and net profit attributable to equity
shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB1,331 million, representing an increase of 100.75%, as
compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.


(V) Strengthened risk prevention and control and maintained generally stable asset quality

     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to improve its overall risk management system,
enhance its risk monitoring and control, strengthen the establishment of risk culture and optimise the
internal control and compliance management system. The Group actively expanded the application
of risk measurement tools, enhanced the prevention and active management of various risks and
continued to strengthen recovery and disposal of existing problem and non-performing assets. The
assets quality remained generally stable. The allowance to NPLs has been gradually improved.


     As at the end of the Reporting Period, total NPLs of the Group amounted to RMB54,434 million,
increased by RMB568 million, or 1.05%, as compared with the end of the previous year. The NPL
ratio was 1.56%, representing a decrease of 0.20 percentage points as compared with the end
of the previous year. The allowance to NPLs and the allowance to total loans were 155.50% and
2.43%, respectively, representing increases of 21.45 percentage points and 0.07 percentage points,
respectively, as compared with the end of the previous year.
38     China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(VI) Expanded channels to replenish capital and increased capital strength

      During the Reporting Period, the Group actively grasped market opportunities and window periods
of policies, and made full use of innovative capital instruments to replenish its capital. Tier-Two capital
bonds of RMB40 billion, undated capital bonds of RMB40 billion and preference shares of RMB20
billion were issued successfully, providing favourable support to its sustainable business development.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, net capital base of the Group amounted to RMB673,741 million,
representing an increase of RMB126,460 million, or 23.11%, as compared with the end of the previous
year. Capital adequacy ratio was 13.17%, representing an increase of 1.42 percentage points as
compared with the end of the previous year.


III. Analysis of Major Items of Statement of Profit or Loss

    During the Reporting Period, the Group realised net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the
Company of RMB53,819 million, maintaining a steady growth with an increase of RMB3,492 million, or
6.94%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.


     The major profit and loss items of the Group and their changes are listed below:


                                                                                          (Unit: RMB million)
Item                                                    2019               2018               Change (%)
Operating income                                           177,745            154,161                 15.30
Of which: Net interest income                               97,943             76,680                 27.73
             Net non-interest income                        79,802             77,481                  3.00
Operating expense                                           50,016             49,056                  1.96
Impairment losses on credit                                 62,807             46,274                 35.73
Impairment losses on other assets                               184                 46               300.00
Profit before income tax                                    64,738             58,785                 10.13
Less: Income tax expense                                       9,814              8,455               16.07
Net profit                                                  54,924             50,330                  9.13
Of which: Net profit attributable to
               equity shareholders of the Company           53,819             50,327                  6.94
             Profit or loss attributable
	  to non-controlling interests                                1,105                 3            36,733.33
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019      39




                                  Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     The amounts, percentages and changes of major items of the Group’s operating income are as
follows:


                                                                                          (Unit: RMB million)
                                                          2019                    2018
                                                                                                     Change
Item                                               Amount     % of total   Amount     % of total        (%)
Net interest income                                  97,943       55.10      76,680       49.74          27.73
   Interest income                                  250,724      141.05     235,347      152.66           6.53
   Of which: Interest income from loans
                 and advances to customers          162,054       91.17     147,387       95.61               9.95
              Interest income from investment        64,259       36.15      60,987       39.56               5.37
              Interest income from placements
	  with banks and other
	  financial institutions                            10,711        6.03      10,051         6.52              6.57
              Interest income from long-term
	  receivables                                        6,411        3.61       6,733         4.37          -4.78
              Interest income from balances with
	  central bank                                       5,195        2.92       5,768         3.74          -9.93
              Interest income from financial
	  assets held under resale
	  agreements                                         1,430        0.80       3,321         2.15         -56.94
	Interest income from balances with
                 banks and other financial
                 institutions                           664        0.37       1,100         0.71         -39.64
   Interest expenses                               -152,781      -85.95    -158,667      -102.92          -3.71
Net non-interest income                              79,802       44.90      77,481        50.26           3.00
   Net fee and commission income                     52,295       29.42      48,131        31.22           8.65
  Other net non-interest income                      27,507       15.48      29,350       19.04           -6.28
Total                                               177,745      100.00     154,161      100.00           15.30
40        China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(I) Net interest income and net interest margin

      During the Reporting Period, net interest income of the Group was RMB97,943 million, representing
an increase of RMB21,263 million, or 27.73%, as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year, or representing an increase of 15.67% (after adjustment of the gains of RMB15,349
million from the holding of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss). The net interest margin
of the Group was 2.11%, representing an increase of 0.24 percentage points as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year.


         The analysis of the net interest income of the Group is listed below:


                                                                                                                                 (Unit: RMB million)
                                                                    2019                                                     2018
                                                                 Interest                                                 Interest
                                                                  Income                                                   Income
                                               Average             (after           Average            Average              (after           Average
 Item                                          balance        adjustment) return (%)                   balance         adjustment) return (%)
 Interest-earning assets
 Total loans and advances to
     customers                                 3,013,089             162,054                5.38        2,847,287             147,387                5.18
 Of which: Corporate loans
                and advances                   1,930,845             101,637                5.26        1,833,908              91,442                4.99
              Personal loans
                and advances                   1,082,244              60,417                5.58        1,013,379              55,945                5.52
 Investment in trading and
     banking books Note 1                      1,997,180              79,608                3.99        1,950,769              82,249                4.22
 Balances with central bank                       331,892               5,195               1.57           367,301               5,768               1.57
 Placements with banks and
     other financial institutions                 266,011             10,711                4.03           227,600             10,051                4.42
 Long-term receivables                            119,976               6,411               5.34           120,352               6,733               5.59
 Balances with banks and
     other financial institutions                  53,120                 664               1.25            59,164               1,100               1.86
 Financial assets held under
     resale agreements                             51,035               1,430               2.80            88,113               3,321               3.77
 Total                                         5,832,303             266,073                4.56        5,660,586             256,609                4.53

Notes:    1.	Interest income from investment in trading and banking books has been adjusted for the gains from the holding of financial assets at fair value
             through profit or loss.
                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2019      41




                                             Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


                                                                       2019                                                   2018
                                                   Average           Interest          Average           Average            Interest        Average
 Item                                              balance         expenses            cost (%)          balance          expenses          cost (%)
 Interest-bearing liabilities
 Deposits from customers                           3,369,064            79,525                2.36      3,065,952              66,431               2.17
 Of which: Corporate deposits                      2,721,398            64,966                2.39       2,532,141             56,173               2.22
                 Demand                            1,032,427              9,617               0.93       1,061,651             10,252               0.97
                 Time                              1,688,971            55,349                3.28       1,470,490             45,921               3.12
              Personal deposits                     647,666             14,559                2.25         533,811             10,258               1.92
                 Demand                             198,709                  834              0.42         188,747                   727            0.39
                 Time                               448,957             13,725                3.06         345,064                  9,531           2.76
 Balances from banks and
    other financial institutions                    982,421             28,162                2.87       1,137,058             43,553               3.83
 Debt securities issued                             715,429             25,131                3.51         548,994             23,632               4.30
 Borrowings from central bank
    and other financial institutions
    and others                                      362,001             13,267                3.66         464,152             17,336               3.73
 Placements from banks and
    other financial institutions                    134,409               3,763               2.80         158,220                  4,466           2.82
 Financial assets sold under
    repurchase agreements                           116,607               2,933               2.52         108,585                  3,249           2.99
 Total                                             5,679,931           152,781                2.69       5,482,961           158,667                2.89
 Net interest income
    (after adjustment)                                                 113,292                                                 97,942
 Net interest spread                                                                          1.87                                                  1.64
 Net interest margin Note 2                                                                   2.11                                                  1.87

Notes:   2.	As incomes from credit card installment and overdraft, fund investment and operating lease assets are excluded from interest income, the
            Group adjusted the corresponding interest-bearing liabilities and capital costs when calculating net interest margin.

         3.	In this table, outward remittance and remittance payables are included in corporate demand deposits; issuance of certificates of deposit is
            included in corporate time deposits.
42      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


    The impact of changes in scale of the Group and changes in interest rate on interest income (after
adjustment) and interest expenses were as follow:


                                                                                                                            (Unit: RMB million)
                                                                                                          Changes
                                                                          Changes in scale               in interest
                                                                                from the               rate from the
                                                                            corresponding             corresponding
                                                                                period of                 period of
                                                                          the previous year the previous year                    Net increase/
 Item                                                                            to 2019                   to 2019                  decrease
 Changes in interest income (after adjustment):
 Total loans and advances to customers                                                   8,583                     6,084                   14,667
 Investment in trading and banking books                                                 1,957                    -4,598                    -2,641
 Balances with central bank                                                                -556                       -17                      -573
 Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                  1,696                    -1,036                        660
 Long-term receivables                                                                      -21                      -301                      -322
 Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                      -112                      -324                      -436
 Financial assets held under resale agreements                                          -1,397                       -494                   -1,891
 Subtotal                                                                              10,150                        -686                    9,464
 Changes in interest expenses:
 Deposits from customers                                                                 6,568                     6,526                   13,094
 Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                   -5,923                    -9,468                  -15,391
 Debt securities issued                                                                  7,164                    -5,665                     1,499
 Borrowings from central bank and
     other financial institutions and others                                            -3,815                       -254                   -4,069
 Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                    -672                       -31                      -703
 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                          240                      -556                      -316
 Subtotal                                                                                3,562                    -9,448                    -5,886
 Changes in net interest income (after adjustment)                                       6,588                     8,762                    15,350

Note:   Change in scale is measured by the change of average balance; change in interest rate is measured by the change of average interest rate.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   43




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


1. Interest Income

     During the Reporting Period, interest income of the Group was RMB250,724 million, representing an
increase of RMB15,377 million, or 6.53%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous
year, mainly due to the increases of interest income from loans and advances to customers of the
Group.


(1) Interest income from loans and advances to customers

    During the Reporting Period, interest income from loans and advances to customers of the Group
recorded RMB162,054 million, representing an increase of RMB14,667 million, or 9.95%, as compared
with the corresponding period of the previous year. In particular, interest income from corporate loans
and advances amounted to RMB101,637 million, representing an increase of RMB10,195 million, or
11.15%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Interest income from personal
loans and advances amounted to RMB60,417 million, representing an increase of RMB4,472 million, or
7.99%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.


(2) Interest income from investment

    During the Reporting Period, interest income from investment of the Group was RMB64,259 million,
representing an increase of RMB3,272 million, or 5.37%, as compared with the corresponding period of
the previous year.


(3) Interest income from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
and financial assets held under resale agreements

      During the Reporting Period, interest income from balances and placements with banks and other
financial institutions and financial assets held under resale agreements of the Group was RMB12,805
million, representing a decrease of RMB1,667 million, or 11.52%, as compared with the corresponding
period of the previous year.
44   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(4) Interest income from long-term receivables

    During the Reporting Period, interest income from long-term receivables of the Group amounted
to RMB6,411 million, representing a decrease of RMB322 million, or 4.78%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year.


(5) Interest income from balances with central bank

    During the Reporting Period, interest income from balances with central bank of the Group was
RMB5,195 million, representing a decrease of RMB573 million, or 9.93%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year.


2. Interest expenses

    During the Reporting Period, interest expenses of the Group was RMB152,781 million, representing
a decrease of RMB5,886 million, or 3.71%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous
year. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease of the scale and the cost ratio of interbank liabilities.


(1) Interest expenses on deposits from customers

     During the Reporting Period, interest expenses on deposits from customers of the Group amounted
to RMB79,525 million, representing an increase of RMB13,094 million, or 19.71%, as compared with
the corresponding period of the previous year, mainly because of the expansion of deposits and the
increase in cost ratio.


(2) Interest expenses on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements

     During the Reporting Period, interest expenses on deposits and placements from banks and other
financial institutions and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements of the Group amounted to
RMB34,858 million, representing a decrease of RMB16,410 million, or 32.01%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year. The decrease was mainly due to the reduction in scale and
interest rate of deposits from banks and other financial institutions.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019      45




                                Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(3) Interest expenses on debt securities issued

    During the Reporting Period, interest expenses on debt securities issued of the Group amounted
to RMB25,131 million, representing an increase of RMB1,499 million, or 6.34%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year.


(4) Interest expenses on borrowings from central bank and other financial institutions and
other interest expenses

      During the Reporting Period, interest expenses on borrowings from central bank and other financial
institutions and other interest expenses of the Group amounted to RMB13,267 million, representing a
decrease of RMB4,069 million, or 23.47%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous
year. The decrease was mainly due to the reduction in the scale of borrowings from central bank and
other financial institutions.


(II) Net non-interest income

     During the Reporting Period, net non-interest income of the Group amounted to RMB79,802 million,
representing an increase of RMB2,321 million, or 3.00%, as compared with the corresponding period
of the previous year. The year-on-year increase would be 14.65% after exclusion of the gains from the
holding of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB15,349 million.


                                                                                       (Unit: RMB million)
Item                                                     2019              2018            Change (%)
Net fee and commission income                                52,295           48,131                     8.65
Other net non-interest income                                27,507           29,350                 -6.28
Total                                                        79,802           77,481                     3.00
46      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


1. Net fee and commission income

    During the Reporting Period, net fee and commission income of the Group amounted to
RMB52,295 million, representing an increase of RMB4,164 million, or 8.65%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year.


                                                                                             (Unit: RMB million)
Item                                                       2019               2018               Change (%)
Bank card services                                             35,036            28,946                  21.04
Agency services                                                   7,669              8,869              -13.53
Trust and other fiduciary services                                6,205              7,092              -12.51
Settlement services                                               3,696              3,415                8.23
Credit commitments                                                2,474              2,653                -6.75
Others                                                            1,944              1,709               13.75
Fee and commission income                                      57,024            52,684                   8.24
Less: Fee and commission expenses                                 4,729              4,553                3.87
Net fee and commission income                                  52,295            48,131                   8.65



2. Other net non-interest income

     During the Reporting Period, other net non-interest income of the Group was RMB27,507 million,
representing a decrease of RMB1,843 million, or 6.28%, as compared with the corresponding period
of the previous year, which was mainly because of the influence of the adoption of new accounting
standards for financial instruments, gains from the holding of financial assets at fair value through profit
or loss recorded as other net non-interest income. The year-on-year increase would be 50.32% after
exclusion of the relevant gains of RMB15,349 million.


                                                                                             (Unit: RMB million)
Item                                                       2019               2018               Change (%)
Net trading gain                                                  9,067              6,520               39.06
Net gain from investment securities                            15,895            20,798                 -23.57
Other operating income                                            2,545              2,032               25.25
Total                                                          27,507            29,350                   -6.28
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019      47




                                  Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(III) Operating expenses

      During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to refine financial management to further improve
its input-output benefits. Operating expenses amounted to RMB50,016 million, representing an increase
of RMB960 million, or 1.96%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Cost-
to-income ratio was 27.14%, representing a decrease of 3.44 percentage points as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year.


                                                                                         (Unit: RMB million)
Item                                                    2019             2018                Change (%)
Staff cost (including Directors’ emoluments)               27,751            25,882                          7.22
Depreciation and amortisation                                  5,703            3,118                    82.91
Office expenses                                                1,622            1,444                    12.33
Rental and property management expenses                        1,060            4,101                   -74.15
Tax and surcharges                                             1,772            1,919                    -7.66
Business expenses and others                               12,108            12,592                      -3.84
Total                                                      50,016            49,056                          1.96



(IV) Impairment losses on credit

     During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded impairment losses on credit of RMB62,807 million,
representing an increase of RMB16,533 million, or 35.73%, as compared with the corresponding period
of the previous year. The increase was mainly due to the increase in provision of impairment on loans
and disposal of NPLs.


                                                                                         (Unit: RMB million)
Item                                                    2019             2018                Change (%)
Loans and advances to customers                            60,850           43,611                       39.53
Financial assets measured at amortised cost                 1,048             1,475                     -28.95
Long-term receivables                                           510              631                    -19.18
Off-balance sheet assets                                         59             -869             Negative for
                                                                                         the previous period
Financial assets at fair value through other                   -414              747             Negative for
  comprehensive income                                                                    the current period
Others                                                          754              679                     11.05
Total                                                      62,807           46,274                       35.73
48       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(V) Income tax expenses

     During the Reporting Period, income tax expenses of the Group amounted to RMB9,814 million,
representing an increase of RMB1,359 million, or 16.07%, as compared with the corresponding period
of the previous year.


IV. Analysis of Major Items of Statement of Financial Position

(I) Assets

     During the Reporting Period, total assets of the Group maintained steady growth. As at the end of
the Reporting Period, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB6,681,841 million, representing an
increase of RMB687,019 million, or 11.46%, as compared with the end of the previous year.


        The components of the Group’s total assets are listed below:


                                                                                                                                      (Unit: RMB million)
                                                      31 December 2019                      31 December 2018                     31 December 2017
 Item                                                Amount           % of total           Amount           % of total          Amount         % of total
 Total loans and
     advances to customers                          3,487,601                52.20        3,056,746                50.99        2,804,307           47.51
 Add: Accrued interests on loans                       25,301                 0.38           22,742                 0.38                  —             —
 Less: Allowance for impairment
            losses on loans at
            amortised cost                              82,475                 1.23           71,216                 1.19           74,519           1.26
 Net loans and
     advances to customers                          3,430,427                51.35        3,008,272                50.18        2,729,788           46.25
 Net investments in
     trading and banking
     books                                          2,184,305                32.69        1,970,017                32.86        2,135,897           36.19
 Cash and balances with
     central bank                                      371,155                 5.55         389,281                  6.49         442,938            7.50
 Balances and placements
     with banks and other
     financial institutions and
     financial assets held
     under resale agreements                           367,544                 5.50         337,869                  5.64         271,274             4.60
 Long-term receivables                                 116,593                 1.74         110,824                  1.85         101,304             1.72
 Property and equipment                                 51,365                 0.77           48,765                 0.81           48,338            0.82
 Others                                                160,452                 2.40         129,794                  2.17         172,547             2.92
 Total                                              6,681,841              100.00         5,994,822              100.00         5,902,086         100.00

Note:    Net investment in trading and banking books at the end of the current period and 2018 included financial assets at fair value through profit or loss,
         financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost while financial assets at fair value through
         profit or loss, available-for-sale securities, held-to-maturity securities as well as loans and receivables at the end of 2017.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019      49




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


1. Loans and advances to customers

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, total loans and advances to customers of the Group
amounted to RMB3,487,601 million, representing an increase of RMB430,855 million, or 14.10%, as
compared with the end of the previous year. Total loans and advances to customers accounted for
52.20% of total assets, representing an increase of 1.21 percentage points as compared with the end of
the previous year.


    The breakdown of loans and advances to customers by product type is as follows:


                                                                                      (Unit: RMB million)
                                  31 December 2019         31 December 2018         31 December 2017
Item                             Amount      % of total   Amount      % of total   Amount       % of total
Corporate loan and advances      2,074,677       59.49    1,826,201       59.74    1,698,480          60.57
Of which: Discounted bills        166,372         4.77      96,523         3.16      82,650               2.95
Personal loans and advances      1,412,924       40.51    1,230,545       40.26    1,105,827          39.43
Total                            3,487,601      100.00    3,056,746      100.00    2,804,307        100.00



    The breakdown of personal loans and advances is as follows:


                                                                                      (Unit: RMB million)
                                  31 December 2019         31 December 2018         31 December 2017
Item                             Amount      % of total   Amount      % of total   Amount       % of total
Loans to small and
  micro enterprises               455,358        32.23     415,564        33.77     373,262           33.75
Credit card overdrafts            445,881        31.56     393,249        31.96     294,019           26.59
Residential mortgage              419,907        29.72     335,502        27.26     350,986           31.74
Others                             91,778         6.49      86,230         7.01      87,560               7.92
Total                            1,412,924      100.00    1,230,545      100.00    1,105,827        100.00
50      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


2. Investments in trading and banking books

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, net investments in trading and banking books of the Group
amounted to RMB2,184,305 million, representing an increase of RMB214,288 million, or 10.88%, as
compared with the end of the previous year, and accounted for 32.69% of the total assets, representing
a decrease of 0.17 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.


(1) Structure of investment in trading and banking books

      The structure of investment in trading and banking books of the Group is as follows:


                                                                                       (Unit: RMB million)
                                                  31 December 2019               31 December 2018
Item                                            Amount        % of total      Amount         % of total
Financial assets at amortised cost               1,143,079          52.33      1,127,231           57.22
Financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                528,338          24.19        381,093           19.34
Financial assets at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                    512,888          23.48        461,693           23.44
Total                                            2,184,305         100.00      1,970,017          100.00
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019      51




                               Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(2) Holdings of financial bonds

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, financial bonds held by the Group were mainly policy financial
bonds and debt securities of commercial banks. The top ten financial bonds in terms of par value are as
follows:


                                                                                         (Unit: RMB million)
                                                                                             Allowance for
                                                     Annual interest                          impairment
 Item                                 Par value          rate (%)       Maturity date            losses
 2019 financial bonds                        5,490              3.03       2022-01-18                        0.96
 2019 financial bonds                        4,670              3.30       2024-02-01                        0.65
 2019 financial bonds                        4,270              3.18       2022-05-17                        0.72
 2019 financial bonds                        3,700              3.45       2022-07-09                        2.21
 2019 financial bonds                        3,650              3.65       2029-05-21                        0.63
 2018 financial bonds                        3,580              3.30       2021-11-21                        0.65
 2018 financial bonds                        3,490              3.76       2023-08-14                        0.53
 2016 financial bonds                        3,220              3.18       2026-04-05                        0.58
 2017 financial bonds                        3,160              4.20       2020-04-17                        0.63
 2019 financial bonds                        2,700              3.33       2022-09-26                        1.62
 Total                                      37,930                                                           9.18



3. Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions and financial assets
held under resale agreements

      As at the end of the Reporting Period, balances and placements with banks and other financial
institutions and financial assets held under resale agreements of the Group amounted to RMB367,544
million, representing an increase of RMB29,675 million, or 8.78%, as compared with the end of the
previous year, and accounted for 5.50% of the total assets, representing a decrease of 0.14 percentage
points as compared with the end of the previous year.
52       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


4. Derivative financial instruments

                                                                                                      (Unit: RMB million)
                                                                                31 December 2019
                                                                   Nominal                     Fair value
 Item                                                               amount                   Assets           Liabilities
 Exchange rate derivatives
     Currency swaps                                               1,635,356                  12,287              12,504
     Currency options                                               242,534                   1,244                  769
     Currency forwards                                               42,502                    251                   248
 Interest rate swaps                                              1,807,599                    794                 1,078
 Precious metal derivatives                                         134,309                  16,471                3,066
 Credit derivatives                                                    2,170                      6                    5
 Others                                                                   590                    47                  123
 Total                                                                                       31,100              17,793



(II) Liabilities

      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s total liabilities amounted to RMB6,151,012
million, representing an increase of RMB587,191 million, or 10.55%, as compared with the end of the
previous year.


      The breakdown of the Group’s total liabilities is listed below:


                                                                                                      (Unit: RMB million)
                                          31 December 2019        31 December 2018               31 December 2017
 Item                                   Amount      % of total   Amount         % of total     Amount         % of total
 Deposits from customers                3,637,034        59.13   3,194,441           57.41      2,966,311          53.81
 Of which: Total deposits from
     customers (excluding accrued
     interest)                          3,604,088        58.59   3,167,292           56.93      2,966,311          53.81
 Deposits and placements
     from banks and other
     financial institutions and
     financial assets sold
     under repurchase agreements        1,264,759        20.56   1,181,547           21.24      1,423,515          25.82
 Debt securities issued                   817,225        13.29    674,523            12.12       501,927            9.11
 Borrowings from central bank
     and other financial institutions     331,138         5.38    429,366             7.72       482,172            8.75
 Others                                   100,856         1.64     83,944             1.51       138,349            2.51
 Total                                  6,151,012       100.00   5,563,821          100.00      5,512,274         100.00
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019      53




                                 Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


1. Deposits from customers

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, deposits from customers of the Group (excluding accrued
interests) amounted to RMB3,604,088 million, representing an increase of RMB436,796 million,
or 13.79%, as compared with the end of the previous year. In respect of customer structure, the
proportions of corporate deposits, personal deposits and other deposits in total deposits were 79.88%,
19.93% and 0.19%, respectively. In respect of maturity structure, the proportions of demand deposits,
time deposits and other deposits in total deposits were 39.34%, 60.47% and 0.19%, respectively.


                                                                                       (Unit: RMB million)
                                  31 December 2019         31 December 2018         31 December 2017
 Item                            Amount      % of total   Amount      % of total   Amount       % of total
 Corporate deposits              2,878,931       79.88    2,578,613       81.42    2,455,247           82.77
   Demand                        1,201,626       33.34    1,104,706       34.88    1,187,367           40.03
   Time                          1,677,305       46.54    1,473,907       46.54    1,267,880           42.74
 Personal deposits                718,363        19.93     575,289        18.16     492,008            16.59
   Demand                         216,424          6.00    197,933          6.25    182,652                6.16
   Time                           501,939        13.93     377,356        11.91     309,356            10.43
 Certificates of deposit            4,446          0.12     10,444          0.33     12,069                0.41
 Outward remittance and
   remittance payables              2,348          0.07      2,946          0.09      6,987                0.23
 Total deposits from customers   3,604,088      100.00    3,167,292      100.00    2,966,311         100.00



2. Deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions and financial assets
sold under repurchase agreements

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, total deposits and placements from banks and other
financial institutions and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements of the Group amounted to
RMB1,264,759 million, representing an increase of RMB83,212 million, or 7.04%, as compared with the
end of the previous year.


3. Debt securities issued

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, total debt securities issued by the Group amounted to
RMB817,225 million, representing an increase of RMB142,702 million, or 21.16%, as compared with the
end of the previous year.
54      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(III) Shareholders’ equity

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, total shareholders’ equity of the Group amounted to
RMB530,829 million, representing an increase of RMB99,828 million, or 23.16%, as compared with the
end of the previous year. Among which, total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
amounted to RMB518,845 million, representing an increase of RMB98,771 million, or 23.51%, as
compared with the end of the previous year. The increase in the shareholders’ equity was mainly due to
the increase of net profit of the Group and the issuance of other equity instruments.


                                                                                         (Unit: RMB million)
                                                    31 December        31 December            Change
 Item                                                   2019              2018                   (%)
 Share capital                                             43,782            43,782                       —
 Other equity instruments                                  69,860                9,892              606.23
 Of which: Preference shares                               29,867                9,892              201.93
                                                                                                 Nil for the
             Perpetual bonds                               39,993                   —       previous period
 Reserves                                                 186,457           173,269                     7.61
 Of which: Capital reserve                                 57,411            57,470                    -0.10
             Surplus reserve                               45,162            39,911                    13.16
             General reserve                               81,657            74,370                     9.80
             Other reserves                                    2,227             1,518                 46.71
 Retained earnings                                        218,746           193,131                    13.26
 Total equity attributable to equity
     shareholders of the Company                          518,845           420,074                    23.51
 Non-controlling interests                                 11,984            10,927                     9.67
 Total                                                    530,829           431,001                    23.16
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2019      55




                                           Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(IV) Off-balance sheet items

        Balances of major off-balance sheet items of the Group are as follows:


                                                                                                                          (Unit: RMB million)
                                                                           31 December              31 December                  Change
 Item                                                                            2019                      2018                      (%)
 Bank acceptances                                                                     542,571                 518,408                        4.66
 Unused credit card commitments                                                       440,038                 231,054                      90.45
 Guarantees                                                                           159,266                 136,864                      16.37
 Letters of credit                                                                    136,952                 113,207                      20.97
 Irrevocable loan commitments                                                          45,910                     3,988               1,051.20
 Finance lease commitments                                                                 689                    3,193                    -78.42
 Capital commitments                                                                    1,020                   18,400                     -94.46

Note:    As at 31 December 2019, operating lease commitments of the Group mainly comprised short-term lease and low-value lease, the amount of which
         had no material impact on the Group (31 December 2018: RMB14,149 million).




(V) Market share of major products and services

      According to the Summary of Sources & Uses of Funds of Financial Institutions (in RMB and Foreign
Currency) (《金融機構本外幣信貸收支月報表》) released by the PBOC in December 2019, among nine
national joint-stock commercial banks in China, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the market share
of total deposits of the Company amounted to 12.91%. Among nine national joint-stock commercial
banks in China, the market share of total loans of the Company amounted to 13.08%. (Note: Nine
national joint-stock commercial banks in China refer to China Merchants Bank, CITIC Bank, Industrial
Bank, China Everbright Bank, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank, Huaxia Bank, China Guangfa Bank,
Ping An Bank and the Company. All data above are based on the statistics of domestic institutions of
the Company. According to the Notice on Adjusting the Statistical Standards of Loans and Deposits
for Financial Institutions (Yin Fa [2015] No. 14) (《中國人民銀行關於調整金融機構存貸款統計口徑
的通知》      （ 銀發[2015]14號）) released by the PBOC, with effect from 2015, the deposit-taking financial
institutions shall include deposits from and placements with non-deposit-taking financial institutions in
“Total Deposits” and “Total Loans”, respectively, for statistical purpose.)
56      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


V. Qualitative Analysis of Loans

(I) Industry concentration of loans

                                                                                        (Unit: RMB million)
                                               31 December 2019              31 December 2018
 Item                                        Amount       % of total       Amount           % of total
 Corporate loans and advances
     Real estate                                476,199            13.66      387,942               12.69
     Leasing and commercial
    services                                    442,883            12.70      344,669               11.28
     Manufacturing                              284,055             8.14      305,767               10.00
     Wholesale and retail                       177,685             5.09      185,485                6.07
     Financial services                         138,039             3.96       85,139                2.79
  Water, environment and public
       utilities management                     122,282             3.51      101,924                3.33
     Mining                                     110,152             3.16      117,374                3.84
     Construction                               106,783             3.06       94,069                3.08
  Transportation, storage and
       postal service                            77,031             2.21       69,469                2.27
  Production and supply of
       electric power, heat, gas
       and water                                 55,151             1.58       48,948                1.60
     Accommodation and catering                  11,858             0.34       10,079                0.33
  Agriculture, forestry, animal
       husbandry and fishery                     10,225             0.29       13,916                0.46
  Public administration, social
       security and social
       organisations                              8,376             0.24        7,379                0.24
     Others                                      53,958             1.55       54,041                1.76
 Subtotal                                     2,074,677            59.49    1,826,201               59.74
 Personal loans and advances                  1,412,924            40.51    1,230,545               40.26
 Total                                        3,487,601           100.00    3,056,746              100.00
                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2019        57




                                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(II) Geographical distribution of loans

                                                                                                                                   (Unit: RMB million)
                                                                31 December 2019                                      31 December 2018
 Item                                                     Amount                    % of total                   Amount                    % of total
 Headquarters                                                   474,512                        13.61                   415,349                        13.59
 Yangtze Delta                                                  841,123                        24.12                   720,860                        23.58
 Pearl River Delta                                              465,618                        13.35                   429,622                        14.05
 Bohai Rim                                                      564,343                        16.18                   496,998                        16.26
 Northeast China                                                  89,488                         2.57                    84,037                         2.75
 Central China                                                  451,441                        12.94                   399,716                        13.08
 Western China                                                  519,713                        14.90                   442,186                        14.47
 Overseas and subsidiaries                                        81,363                         2.33                    67,978                         2.22
 Total                                                        3,487,601                       100.00                3,056,746                       100.00

Note:    For details of the geographical distribution of institutions of the Group, please refer to Note 4 “Segment Information” to the financial statements.




(III) Classification and percentage of loans by types of collateral

                                                                                                                                   (Unit: RMB million)
                                                                31 December 2019                                      31 December 2018
 Item                                                     Amount                    % of total                   Amount                    % of total
 Unsecured loans                                                793,364                        22.75                   725,263                        23.72
 Guaranteed loans                                               632,463                        18.13                   627,501                        20.53
 Loans secured by
    — Tangible assets other than
           monetary assets                                    1,555,472                        44.60                1,307,324                         42.77
    — Monetary assets                                           506,302                        14.52                   396,658                        12.98
 Total                                                        3,487,601                       100.00                3,056,746                       100.00
58       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(IV) Top ten loan customers

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the aggregate amount of total loans to the Group’s top
ten loan customers were RMB82,908 million, accounting for 2.39% of total loans and advances to
customers. The top ten loan customers were as follows:


                                                                                                                                 (Unit: RMB million)
 Top ten loan customers                                                                                     Total loans           % of total loans
 A                                                                                                                    18,000                        0.52
 B                                                                                                                    11,450                        0.33
 C                                                                                                                      9,310                       0.27
 D                                                                                                                      7,516                       0.22
 E                                                                                                                      6,619                       0.19
 F                                                                                                                      6,500                       0.19
 G                                                                                                                      6,411                       0.18
 H                                                                                                                      6,085                       0.17
 I                                                                                                                      5,600                       0.16
 J                                                                                                                      5,417                       0.16



    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the percentages of loans to the single largest loan customer
and the top ten loan customers of the Group were as follows:


                                                                                                                                              (Unit: %)
                                                                               31 December                31 December                31 December
 Major indicator                                      Benchmark                       2019                       2018                       2017
 Percentage of loans to the
     single largest loan customer                                    ≤10                       2.67                       1.78                      2.69
 Percentage of loans to the
     top ten loan customers                                          ≤50                     12.31                      12.53                      12.04

Notes:   1.   Percentage of loans to the single largest loan customer = Total loans to the single largest loan customer/net capital base.

         2.   Percentage of loans to the top ten loan customers = Total loans to the top ten loan customers/net capital base.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019      59




                                Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(V) Five-category classification of credit assets

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the NPL ratio of the Group was 1.56%, representing a
decrease of 0.20 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.


                                                                                             (Unit: RMB million)
                                 31 December 2019               31 December 2018
 Item                          Amount       % of total        Amount       % of total             Change (%)
 Performing loans               3,433,167          98.44       3,002,880          98.24                  14.33
 Of which: Pass                 3,329,882          95.48       2,899,509          94.86                  14.84
           Special-mentioned      103,285           2.96         103,371           3.38                  -0.08
 NPLs                              54,434           1.56          53,866           1.76                   1.05
 Of which: Substandard             22,181           0.63          28,648           0.94                 -22.57
           Doubtful                19,441           0.56          14,199           0.46                  36.92
           Loss                    12,812           0.37          11,019           0.36                  16.27
 Total                          3,487,601         100.00       3,056,746         100.00                  14.10



(VI) Migration ratio of loans

    The table below sets forth the migration ratio of loans of the Company:


                                                                                                       (Unit: %)
                                                     31 December          31 December           31 December
 Item                                                      2019               2018                  2017
 Pass                                                              3.19               3.40                    3.62
 Special-mentioned                                                14.12              21.83                 16.95
 Substandard                                                      46.56              38.51                 46.54
 Doubtful                                                         38.93              29.14                 18.90
60       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(VII) Restructured loans and overdue loans

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, total restructured loans of the Group was RMB16,860 million,
representing a decrease of RMB2,118 million as compared with the end of the previous year. The
percentage of restructured loans to total loans and advances to customers was 0.48%, representing a
decrease of 0.14 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. Total overdue loans
was RMB70,547 million, representing a decrease of RMB8,582 million as compared with the end of the
previous year. The percentage of overdue loans to total loans and advances to customers was 2.02%,
representing a decrease of 0.57 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.


                                                                                                                                 (Unit: RMB million)
                                                              31 December 2019                                      31 December 2018
 Item                                                    Amount                   % of total                  Amount                    % of total
 Restructured loans                                              16,860                        0.48                   18,978                          0.62
 Overdue loans                                                   70,547                        2.02                   79,129                          2.59

Notes:   1.   Restructured loans (full name: loans after restructuring) are loans of which the terms of repayment under the loan agreement have been
              amended by the Bank as a result of deteriorated financial status of the borrower or inability of the borrower to repay the debt due.

         2.   Overdue loans are loans of which the repayment of principal or interest is overdue for one or more days.




(VIII) Repossessed assets

                                                                                                                                 (Unit: RMB million)
                                                                                                          31 December                31 December
 Item                                                                                                            2019                       2018
 Repossessed assets                                                                                                      9,978                   10,631
 Of which: Real estate and land use right                                                                                7,191                       7,406
              Motor vehicles                                                                                                13                         73
              Others                                                                                                     2,774                       3,152
 Allowance for impairment                                                                                                  112                         80
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019      61




                                  Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(IX) Changes in allowance for impairment losses on loans

                                                                                          (Unit: RMB million)
                                                                       31 December           31 December
 Item                                                                      2019                  2018
 Opening balance                                                               72,208                85,810
 Charge for the period, net                                                    60,850                43,611
 Write-offs and transfer out during the period                                -50,930               -58,421
 Recoveries                                                                       3,618                 1,914
 Others                                                                        -1,099                      -706
 Ending balance                                                                84,647                72,208



    Method for assessing allowance for impairment losses on loans:


      According to the International Financial Reporting Standards No. 9 — Financial instrument (IFRS
9) and the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 22 — Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Instruments (Cai Kuai [2017] No.7) (《企業會計準則第22號 — 金融工具確認和計量》(財會
[2017]7號)) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Company adopted the new accounting standards for
financial instruments and used the expected credit loss model to calculate the allowance for impairment
losses. According to the new accounting standards for financial instruments, for retail loans and non-
retail loans in phase 1 and phase 2, the allowance for impairment losses is provided based on risk
parameters such as probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) estimated by the internal rating
system. For non-retail loans in phase 3, the allowance for impairment losses is provided based on the
expected recovery of cash flow for each single loan. After the adoption of the new accounting standards
for financial instruments, the provision of allowance for loan impairment losses of the Company was
more forward-looking and the level of management of allowance for impairment losses of the Company
was further refined.
62      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(X) NPLs

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had NPL balance of RMB54,434 million,
representing an increase of RMB568 million, or 1.05%, as compared with the end of the previous year.


1. Industry concentration of NPLs

                                                                                           (Unit: RMB million)
                                                31 December 2019               31 December 2018
 Item                                        Amount         % of total      Amount              % of total
 Corporate loans and advances
     Manufacturing                               12,251             22.50       12,352                 22.94
     Wholesale and retail                         3,757              6.90        5,954                 11.05
  Leasing and commercial
       services                                   2,877              5.29            961                1.78
     Mining                                       3,710              6.82        2,549                  4.73
     Real estate                                  1,325              2.43        1,117                  2.07
  Transportation, storage and
       postal service                             1,066              1.96            855                1.59
     Financial services                               555            1.02        1,356                  2.52
  Agriculture, forestry, animal
       husbandry and fishery                          495            0.91            729                1.35
     Construction                                 1,077              1.98        1,225                  2.27
  Production and supply of
       electric power, heat, gas and
       water                                          664            1.22            677                1.26
     Accommodation and catering                       222            0.41            235                0.44
     Others                                           284            0.52            164                0.30
 Subtotal                                        28,283             51.96       28,174                 52.30
 Personal loans and advances                     26,151             48.04       25,692                 47.70
 Total                                           54,434            100.00       53,866                100.00
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2019       63




                                            Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


2. Geographical distribution of NPLs

                                                                                                                           (Unit: RMB million)
                                                            31 December 2019                                   31 December 2018
 Item                                                  Amount                  % of total                 Amount                  % of total
 Headquarters                                                 15,629                     28.71                   10,785                     20.02
 Yangtze Delta                                                  4,615                      8.48                    5,484                    10.18
 Pearl River Delta                                              4,068                      7.47                    5,213                      9.68
 Bohai Rim                                                      6,539                    12.01                   10,031                     18.62
 Northeast China                                                4,233                      7.78                    4,872                      9.05
 Central China                                                13,466                     24.74                   11,379                     21.13
 Western China                                                  4,724                      8.68                    5,577                    10.35
 Overseas and subsidiaries                                      1,160                      2.13                      525                      0.97
 Total                                                        54,434                    100.00                   53,866                    100.00

Note:    The geographical distribution is in line with the distribution shown in “V. Qualitative Analysis of Loans — (II) Geographical distribution of
         loans” in this report.
64      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


VI. Analysis of Capital Adequacy Ratio

(I) Capital adequacy ratio

     The Group calculated its capital adequacy ratio in accordance with the Capital Rules for Commercial
Banks (Provisional) (《商業銀行資本管理辦法（試行）》) (the “New Rules”) and other relevant regulatory
provisions. The calculation of capital adequacy ratio covers the Company and the financial institutions
directly or indirectly invested by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the New Rules.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the capital adequacy ratio, core tier-one capital adequacy ratio
and tier-one capital adequacy ratio of the Group satisfied the requirements of the New Rules. Among the
investees in which the Group holds a majority equity interest or control, there are two rural banks with
regulatory capital shortfall of RMB32 million in aggregate.


     The table below sets out the capital adequacy ratio of the Group:


                                                                                         (Unit: RMB million)
                                                                              31 December 2019
 Item                                                                    The Group         The Company
 Net core tier-one capital                                                     455,088             432,933
 Net tier-one capital                                                          525,959             502,785
 Total net capital base                                                        673,741             646,424
 Core tier-one capital                                                         456,565             440,788
 Core tier-one capital deductions                                               -1,477              -7,855
 Other tier-one capital                                                         70,871              69,860
 Other tier-one capital deductions                                                   —                  -8
 Tier-Two capital                                                              147,782             143,652
 Tier-Two capital deductions                                                         —                 -13
 Total risk-weighted assets                                                  5,117,026           4,871,884
 Of which: Credit risk-weighted assets                                       4,733,503           4,487,939
             Market risk-weighted assets                                        88,596             100,022
             Operational risk-weighted assets                                  294,927             283,923
 Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                                         8.89                8.89
 Tier-One capital adequacy ratio (%)                                             10.28               10.32
 Capital adequacy ratio (%)                                                      13.17               13.27



     Capital instruments entitled for the preferential policy during the transitional period: According to
the applicable requirements under the New Rules, non-qualified tier-two capital instruments issued by
commercial banks before 12 September 2010 may be entitled to preferential policy of a progressive
deduction of book value by 10% per annum starting from 1 January 2013. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, the balance of non-qualified tier-two capital instruments of the Company which can be
put into the calculation was RMB4.0 billion.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019      65




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     As at the end of the Reporting Period, net tier-one capital increased by RMB27,245 million, on- and
off-balance sheet assets after adjustment increased by RMB433,928 million, while the leverage ratio
decreased by 0.03 percentage points as compared with the end of September 2019. The leverage ratio
of the Group is as follows:


                                                                                         (Unit: RMB million)
                                   31 December       30 September        30 June              31 March
 Item                                  2019              2019              2019                 2019
 Leverage ratio (%)                           6.87              6.90              6.61                    6.12
 Net tier-one capital                     525,959           498,714          484,044               443,936
 On- and off-balance sheet
   assets after adjustment              7,658,421         7,224,493        7,322,551             7,254,441



     For details of the regulatory capital, please refer to the section headed “Investors Relations —
Announcements and Disclosures — Regulatory Capital” on the Company’s website (www.cmbc.com.
cn).


(II) Evaluation of internal capital adequacy ratio

     According to the requirements of the New Rules, the Company established a relatively
comprehensive evaluation procedures and governance structure of internal capital adequacy ratio, and
formulated related policies and systems of internal capital adequacy. The Company also formulated
and issued the Administrative Measure on the Evaluation Procedures of Internal Capital Adequacy
Ratio of China Minsheng Bank (中國民生銀行內部資本充足評估程序管理辦法), which specified
the responsibilities of the Board, the Senior Management and related departments in the evaluation
procedures of internal capital adequacy ratio. Through continuous establishment of comprehensive and
effective evaluation measures and administrative procedures, the comprehensiveness and efficiency of
the capital management and risk management of the Company have been ensured.
66      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(III) Capital plan and capital adequacy ratio management plan

     To cope with the complicated economic and financial situation of domestic and international
markets, as well as to implement the regulatory requirements and further enhance its capital
management to take advantage of the leading role of capital in its business development and to facilitate
the sustainable and healthy business growth, the Company formulated 2018–2020 Capital Management
Plan of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (中國民生銀行有限公司2018–2020年資本管理規
劃). Taking the internal and external operating circumstances, regulatory requirements, sustainable
development needs of the Company and other factors related to the actual risks of the Company into
consideration, the plan clearly stated the objectives of the plan of capital adequacy ratio management.
The Company has realised the objectives of the plan of capital adequacy ratio management by adopting
various measures, including enhancing the management of capital budgets, carrying out “light capital”
development model, stably improving the capital efficiency and capital return, refining the internal
economic capital management system and strengthening the contingency capital management.


(IV) Credit risk exposure

   The following table sets forth the exposure to credit risk of the Group measured according to the
New Rules.


                                                                                      (Unit: RMB million)
                                                                                         31 December
 Item                                                                                        2019
 On-balance sheet credit risk exposure                                                        6,516,703
 Of which: asset-backed securitisation risk exposure                                            246,051
 Off-balance sheet credit risk exposure                                                         931,572
 Counterparty credit risk exposure                                                               40,023
 Total                                                                                        7,488,298
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019     67




                               Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(V) Market risk capital requirements

     The Group adopted standardised approach to measure market risk capital requirements. The
following table sets forth different types of market risk capital requirements of the Group as at the end of
the Reporting Period.


                                                                                        (Unit: RMB million)
                                                                                            31 December
                                                                                                 2019
 Interest rate risk                                                                                     5,697
 Stock risk                                                                                                 977
 Exchange risk                                                                                              327
 Commodity risk                                                                                              79
 Option risk                                                                                                  8
 Total                                                                                                  7,088



(VI) Operational risk capital requirements

   As at the end of the Reporting Period, the operational risk capital requirements of the Group
measured according to basic indicator approach was RMB23,594 million.


VII. Segment Report

     The Group carried out its operation in its key business lines and regions. During the Reporting
Period, the Group fostered the business development and strengthened the internal cooperation
mechanism. A “customer-centric” management and review system was established to implement the
management of customer groups. Based on the distribution of customer bases of each institution, the
Group re-adjusted the business segments into corporate banking business, retail business and others
for purposes of management, reporting and evaluation. Based on economic regions the institutions were
located, geographical segments were re-categorised to eight segments, namely, the Headquarters,
Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta, Bohai Rim, Northeast China, Central China, Western China,
overseas and subsidiaries for purposes of management, reporting and evaluation.
68      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(I) Segment operating results by business line

                                                                                         (Unit: RMB million)
                                                      Total assets
                                                       (excluding
                                                    deferred income      Operating          Profit before
 Item                                                 tax assets)         income             income tax
 Corporate business                                       4,378,885           102,097               50,299
 Retail business                                          1,396,224            67,261               24,701
 Others                                                     870,682             8,387              -10,262
 Total                                                    6,645,791           177,745               64,738



(II) Segment operating results by geographical region

                                                                                         (Unit: RMB million)
                                                      Total assets
                                                       (excluding
                                                    deferred income      Operating          Profit before
 Item                                                 tax assets)         income             income tax
 Headquarters                                             3,270,046            70,007               25,931
 Yangtze River Delta                                      1,149,633            25,521               14,008
 Pearl River Delta                                          591,348            18,419                9,640
 Bohai Rim                                                1,209,248            21,700                6,379
 Northeast China                                            130,854             2,664               -1,366
 Central China                                              450,942            15,156                1,397
 Western China                                              525,703            15,894                3,994
 Overseas and subsidiaries                                  382,540             8,384                4,755
 Inter-segment elimination                                -1,064,523                 —                    —
 Total                                                    6,645,791           177,745               64,738



VIII. Other Financial Information

(I) Explanation on changes in accounting policies

     During the Reporting Period, for the details of the changes on the accounting policies of the
Company and their effects, please refer to Note “2.4 Key changes in accounting policies” to the financial
statements.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   69




                               Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(II) Items relating to fair value measurement

1. Internal control system relating to fair value measurement

     In order to regulate fair value measurement, improve the quality of financial information, strengthen
risk management and protect the legitimate interests of investors and all relevant parties, the Company
has formulated the Administrative Measures Regarding Fair Value (《公允價值管理辦法》) based on the
Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises (《企業會計準則》), which expanded the scope of fair
value measurement to cover certain financial assets and financial liabilities; and clarified and refined the
principles, methods and procedures for determining fair value. With the aim to enhance the rationality
and reliability of the valuation of fair value, the Company has assigned specific working responsibilities
to relevant managing departments for fair value management so as to continuously strengthen research
on the valuation of its asset and liability businesses and improve internal valuation capabilities. The
Company will also gradually optimise the valuation models and systems and strengthen the verification
of prices obtained externally. Moreover, the Company has correspondingly implemented internal control
measures over the process of fair value measurement, including double-checking on price enquiry
and confirmation, and adopting an evaluation procedure on fair value measurement which requires
the person in charge and reviewer to sign off in order to give effect to the measurement. Furthermore,
by supervising and checking the range determined for fair value measurement and measurement
methodology and procedure, the Internal Audit Department improved internal control within the
Company.


    The Company has adopted new accounting standards including IFRS 9 — Financial Instruments,
and Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 22 — Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Instruments, Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 23 — Transfer of Financial
Assets and Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 24 — Hedge Accounting promulgated
by the Ministry of Finance. During the Reporting Period, the SPPI test of financial instruments were
completed, including, product classification, valuation and impairment assessment. Fair value
measurement have been conducted in accordance with the new accounting standards.
70   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


2. Financial instruments measured at fair value

     The Company’s financial instruments at fair value include: financial assets/liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss, derivative financial instruments, and financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income. In particular, the valuation methods of the bond investment were listed as
follows: for RMB bonds, in principle the valuation provided by China Central Depository & Clearing Co.,
Ltd. would apply; for bonds denominated in foreign currencies, its value was determined through a
combination of Bloomberg quotes and enquiries. The valuation of most derivative financial instruments
was obtained from quotes in the open market and model valuation. In particular, the valuation of
derivative instruments in which customers have interests was obtained from market enquiries while the
valuation of foreign exchange options was from system model valuation. Derivative financial instruments
mainly consisted of interest rate swaps in which customers have interests and proprietary instruments
in which market risks had been hedged, including interest rate swaps as well as forwards, swaps and
options of precious metals and foreign exchanges.


(III) Overdue and outstanding liabilities

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had no material outstanding liabilities that were
overdue.


IX. Performance of Key Business Lines

(I) Corporate banking

     During the Reporting Period, in active response to the new changes and challenges in market and
regulatory environment, the Company captured the crucial opportunities arising from the shift in growth
drivers of corporate banking business and adopted reform and business development as two major
strategies, so as to promote development through transformation. It also pressed ahead the NSOE
strategy, strengthened segmented management of different customer groups, improved the quality and
structure of assets and liabilities, accelerated product innovation and upgrading as well as facilitated the
transformation from an extensive style to a capital-saving business model. As a result, the corporate
banking business was continuously expanded with enhancing competitiveness.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company’s customer group-based business philosophy has taken
root, and the operation mode adapted to various customer groups has been continuously optimised.
The customer-centric, comprehensive service, successful solution, and customer group-based sales
paradigm has gradually formed, and customer service capability continued to improve. The product
system adapted to the classified customer groups has become increasingly perfect, and continuous
product innovation, upgrade and optimisation have been carried out to continuously enrich and improve
product functions to better meet customer needs. Led by the Bank’s fintech strategy, technology
reshaped the business system, formed an intelligent corporate banking business, and gradually brought
results in helping business development.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   71




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


1. Corporate customers and principal business

      Accelerated development of strategic NSOEs. In active response to the national policy and
in line with the three-year development plan proposed by the Board, the Company innovated its
strategic NSOEs services and strengthened the coordination between the middle and back offices to
further enhance its supports to strategic NSOEs by providing comprehensive and professional financial
solutions under the consolidated “1+3” service model with the support of “five-in-one” service system.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had 650 strategic NSOE customers, representing
an increase of 83.62%, as compared with the end of the previous year. Daily average deposits was
RMB359,855 million, representing an increase of 86.20% as compared with the previous year. Total
loans was RMB436,468 million, representing an increase of 113.00%, as compared with the end of the
previous year.


     “Minsheng SME Project (中小企業民生工程)”. The Company promoted its five major tasks,
namely “online development, offline promotion, improvement of existing customers, exploitation of elite
customers and implementation of the Ying Huo Plan (線上開發、線下拓展、存量提升、精英挖潛、
螢火推進)”, in order to provide SMEs with comprehensive financial and non-financial services including
payments and settlements, cash management, credit facilities, industry chain and equity investment
services. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of SME customers was 194.3 thousand,
representing an increase of 86.3 thousand, as compared with the end of the previous year; total
deposits was RMB702,418 million, representing an increase of 22.94% as compared with the end of the
previous year; daily average deposits was RMB594,855 million, representing an increase of 12.83% as
compared with the previous year.


     Expanded basic customer groups. By persisting on its “customer-centric” philosophy, refining
the hierarchical classification of its customers and implementing an innovative customer services, the
Company has provided integrated, intelligent and one-stop services to its customers and continuously
improved the experiences of its customer so as to become a “bank with the best customer experience”.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, domestic corporate customers with deposits of the Company
increased by 129.5 thousand, or 11.09%, to 1,297.4 thousand as compared with the end of the
previous year. The number of domestic customers with outstanding general loan balances of the
Company was 9,026.
72   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     Continuous growth of deposit business. During the Reporting Period, the Company
strengthened the development of its settlement business platform and enhanced the chain development
of strategic customers, key institutional customers and core customers of supply chain. It also stepped
up its efforts for the batch acquisition of SME customers and the settlement business development
among the customer groups under its assets business in order to comprehensively increase the
contribution of general corporate deposits. The Company adjusted active liabilities in line with liquidity
and interest rate trends to sustain the steady growth of deposits. As at the end of the Reporting Period,
total corporate deposits of the Company amounted to RMB2,861,873 million, representing an increase
of RMB300,232 million, or 11.72%, as compared with the end of the previous year. During the Reporting
Period, in active response to national financial policies, the Company (1) swiftly echoed key national
strategies by stepping up its support for key regions such as the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau
Greater Bay Area, the Yangtze River Delta and the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region; (2) focused on relevant
aspects regarding establishment of infrastructure, industry upgrading and transformation, and set foot in
strategic and emerging industries such as high-end equipment and new generation of IT industry; and (3)
implemented its NSOE strategy and continued to strengthen its support for NSOEs. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, total corporate loans of the Company amounted to RMB2,071,935 million. The NPL
ratio of corporate loans was 1.36%.


2. Institutional business

      During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve its professional services to
customers of budget organisations such as fiscal institutions and government departments by
strengthening qualification construction, classified management and structural optimisation, and made
its institutional business more solid and professional.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company won the bid to become the central fiscal non-tax
revenue collection agency. With this qualification, coupled with two other qualifications of “Central
Financial Treasury Direct Payment Agent (中央財政國庫直接支付代理資格)” and “Central Financial
Treasury Authorised Payment Agent (中央財政國庫授權支付代理資格)” obtained by the Company at
the end of the previous year, the Company has become one of the five “full-qualified” banks for central
financial agency business.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   73




                               Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


      During the Reporting Period, the Company actively launched financial services for special debt
projects of local governments, and supported their efforts in constructing infrastructure and boosting real
economy. The Company refined its local debt investment and treasury cash management businesses,
and improved its services to central and local financial departments. As at the end of the Reporting
Period, the Company had 23.7 thousand institutional customers, representing an increase of 1,020 as
compared with the end of the previous year. The total institutional deposits amounted to RMB681,463
million, representing an increase of RMB145,458 million as compared with the end of the previous
year. The annual average daily deposits amounted to RMB638,595 million, representing an increase of
RMB102,784 million as compared with the previous year. Among them, the average daily deposits of
general institutions amounted to RMB505,825 million, representing an increase of RMB72,157 million as
compared with the previous year.


3. Investment banking

     During the Reporting Period, the Company further reformed the investment banking business
framework by focusing on the light-asset business model and attaching more importance on key
products, customers and regions, and provided comprehensive and customised investment banking
services to help the development of customers, and strove to build into an investment bank with
“commercial banking+investment banking”, and “finance+intelligence”.


    In respect of the capital market business, the scale of products such as M&A loans, syndicated
loans, and debt-to-equity swaps recorded steady increases. Key customer base of investment banking
was continuously consolidated and the customer experience was continuously improved.


      In respect of bond underwriting, the Company strengthened the multi-level business promotion and
refined management and the business reserve increased significantly. The Company also strengthened
risk control and improved overall quality and rating of the projects. During the Reporting Period, the
Company underwrote bonds of RMB364,077 million in the inter-bank bond market, ranking ninth among
all leading underwriters in the inter-bank bond market.


    In respect of asset securitisation, the Company continued to introduce innovative products and
successfully invested in the first consolidated fund securitisation project for enterprises owned by the
central government/state-owned enterprises in China, the first pipe gallery PPP + ABS project in China
and the first scalable REITs project in China.
74   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


4. Transaction banking

     During the Reporting Period, the Company focused on the scenario of daily production and
operation of customers, and continued to promote upgrading of scenario-based products, strengthen
the business advantages of light capital, optimised debt level and scenarised functions, and improve
the product and service systems in order to offer suitable products to customers based on their needs.
The Company provided more digitalised, smart and convenient products and services so as to become
a transaction bank with settlement and financing functions, domestic and overseas coverage as well as
digitalised and scenario-based features.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company promoted the integrated use of innovative products
such as “single window” financial services, global cash management, cross-border e-commerce and
“Minsheng Global Fast Payment (民生環球速匯)” and completed the first cross-border e-commerce
direct collection pilot project in China, offering convenient cross-border trading services. The Company
also actively explored business opportunities such as trade finance, cross-border investment and
overseas project contracting, and strove to provide all-around and tailor-made cross-border financial
services to “Going Global” customers as well as customers engaged in imports and exports. Through
continuously exploring new business frontiers, the Company enhanced its competitiveness in
international business.


     The Company modified its settlement and cash management business according to changes
in customers’ demands and further enriched its product offering. During the Reporting Period, the
Company responded to the cash management needs of group customers and launched a new inter-
bank cash management business to facilitate more efficient and comprehensive capital management for
enterprises. The Company focused on a wide range of service demands of strategic customers, supply
chain customers, institutional customers and SME customers for new type of settlement, internal capital
management and wealth enhancement. New products such as Non-Tax Express (非稅通) and C&B
Express (薪福通) were introduced, and product functions such as Housing Management Express (房管
通), Tender Express (招標通), Purchase and Sales Express (購銷通), Order Cashier (訂單收銀台) and
large-amount certificates of deposits were also improved and upgraded, which further enriched and
improved the product systems of “Express (通)”, “Pool (聚)” and “Earnings (盈)”.


      The domestic trade finance and factoring business focused on its original functions, and results of
transformation were significant. During the Reporting Period, focusing on demands of customers, the
Company proactively explored the scenarised models and improved the customised functions of domestic
letters of guarantees, domestic letters of credit and factoring. Typical solutions were designed for key
industries such as pharmaceutical, electricity and construction industries, further enhancing the Company’s
distinctive competitiveness in its trade finance. The Company made in-depth studies on diversified scenarios
of non-financing guarantees such as tendering, contract performance, litigation and payroll for migrant
workers, and launched the first e-letter of guarantee in the industry and worked on the design of tailored
e-letter of guarantee for specific scenario, which effectively improved customers’ experience.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   75




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     The Company continued to upgrade its digital services to effectively improve customers’
experience. During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to integrate and improve its existing
products, channels and services in response to customer’s demands, and actively promoted the digital
and smart upgrading of products in transaction banking products. The Company further promoted self-
service business with more standardised operation, and provided new comprehensive financial service
models with higher efficiency and convenience for corporate customers.


5. Supply chain finance

     During the Reporting Period, the supply chain finance business developed rapidly, and business
in key industries continued to expand. Efforts were made to streamline the procedures, optimise and
upgrade the product system and expedite the construction of technology platforms. Risk management
standards were further enhanced.


      Improved scenario-based supply chain product service system. The Company continued
to promote expansion in key industries. It put emphasis on key businesses such as automobile, liquor,
home appliance, construction and pharmaceutical. Based on the characteristics of each industry, the
Company helped customers overcome their difficulties in operation by offering tailor-made financial
solutions based on product packages and innovative services, to improve and refine supply chain
product series. On one hand, the Company improved its existing product and service systems, such as
“E-series of financing products + settlement + value-adding (融資產品E系列+結算+增值)”, and enriched
its financing products such as “Credit Financing E (信融E)”, “Warehouse Receipt E (倉單E)” and “Lease
Financing E (賃融E)” for receivables, payables and inventory in the supply chain. On the other hand,
by further streamlining procedures and launching more online functions, the Company continued to
upgrade the existing product functions to enhance customer experience. As at the end of the Reporting
Period, the Company had over 10 thousand customers along the industry chains.


    Accelerated fintech innovation of supply chain and refined risk management. On one
hand, the Company accelerated the development of the new supply chain financial platform and
the analysis on function requirement and overall structure design were completed. Such platform
was planned and designed to incorporate customers’ financial needs, integrate product marketing,
optimise business procedures, enhance risk control and ensure effective market response mechanism.
Through supporting comprehensive product innovation based on industry scenarios, it enabled the
establishment of a production and finance eco-system with competitive integrated services. On the other
hand, the Company further optimised its policies and system for supply chain risk management with
wider application of new technologies and models in risk control. Supply chain risk early-warning and
prevention mechanism was strengthened to strictly manage and control risks.
76   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(II) Retail Banking

     During the Reporting Period, the economic condition was complicated with increasing downward
pressure and uncertainties. In respect of policy, the new asset management rules were enforced, the
financial regulation was further tightened, policies on reduction of tax and surcharges were promulgated
and more favourable financial policies for SMEs were issued, resulting in challenges and opportunities for
the retail business.


     During the Reporting Period, in accordance with the strategic deployment of reform and
transformation for its retail banking, the Company strove for business development while carrying out its
reform and transformation. Reform and transformation tasks were implemented in an orderly manner.
Committed to customer group management, the Company further enhanced its standardised retail
management system and stepped up its reform efforts for vertical retail management and control. The
development of wealth management business was accelerated to enhance capacity per capita and
per network and consolidate the foundations of both wealth management and asset management.
Technologies were empowered to speed up the development of digital, online and scenarised financial
services. During the Reporting Period, as a result of the reforms, the retail banking business of the
Company recorded rapid income growth and high-quality development.


     During the Reporting Period, the major retail businesses of the Company maintained a relatively fast
growth. Operating income from retail business of the Company was RMB67,261 million, representing
an increase of 19.63% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and accounted
for 39.15% of the total operating income of the Company, representing an increase of 1.52 percentage
points as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Net non-interest income from
retail banking was RMB40,303 million, representing an increase of 17.29% as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year, and accounted for 59.92% of operating income from retail
banking and 52.79% of net non-interest income of the Company.


    During the Reporting Period, the major achievements of retail banking reform and transformation
were as follows:


      Firstly, intermediary income from wealth management increased significantly. As the Phoenix
Project C7 financial reform continued to implement, the standardised operating model of “C7+FC” was
improved and the sales system for complex wealth management products was refined, expediting the
reform and transformation of wealth management. During the Reporting Period, intermediary income
from wealth management, agency sales of insurance and agency sales of funds amounted to RMB4,852
million, RMB1,809 million and RMB1,752 million, respectively, representing increases of 27.48%,
51.28% and 26.46%, respectively, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   77




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     Secondly, the customer group management of small business finance was further developed.
Under its new Small Business 3.0, the Company planned and implemented strategies for development,
promotion of data marketing and supervision of assessment and evaluation. The coverage scope of
business and social circles of small business customers was enlarged, and product portfolios satisfying
comprehensive service needs of SME customers and their enterprises, employees and families were
provided to enhance the service capabilities of “1+1+N”. During the Reporting Period, the number of
newly opened accounts, deposits from and financial assets of small and micro enterprises grew steadily.
In particular, total deposits from small and micro enterprises increased by 33.91% as compared with the
end of the previous year.


     Thirdly, the business model of credit card was transformed progressively. Proportion of quality
customers in the newly acquired customers during the year increased, and total number of new
millennial customers was over 21 million. As a result of the differentiated pricing policy, installment
service fee income increased significantly. A customer rating system was established to improve
classified management of customer groups. Scenarised financial channels were preliminarily developed
and the newly launched Small Business Inclusive Credit Card (小微普惠信用卡) achieved satisfactory
results.


1. Retail customer groups

     Continued customer group management. During the Reporting Period, the Company further
defined customer groups by taking customer groups of NSOE eco-system, small business and private
banking entrepreneurs as distinctive groups, and the ones of the wealth management and the millennials
as the core groups, so as to precisely allocate resources, improve service capabilities, and cultivate
financial service brands for different groups and gain differentiated competitive advantages.


     Enhanced batch acquisition of customers. During the Reporting Period, through scenario-
based customer acquisition platform and integrated online and offline channels, the Company carried
out precise marketing based on classified customer groups and strengthened the retail operation.
Focusing on quality customer groups, the Company further promoted the cross-selling between
retail and corporate businesses. Payroll agency service was expanded, and customer acquisition
platforms such as ETC service for car owners, industry-based “Payment Express (繳費通)” and “QR
Code Express for Industrial Parks (園區一碼通)” were developed. More resources were put into the
marketing of “UnionPay Quick Pass (雲閃付)”, and scenarised application of debit cards was upgraded.
The Company continued to conduct marketing events such as “Value-Added Payroll (薪上加薪)” and
“Square Dancing Contest (樂享人生悅舞季)” to enhance its precise batch acquisition of customers.
78   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     Explored online service model of simplified operation. During the Reporting Period, the
Company explored the online service model of simplified operation for retail long-tail customers The
Company connected to customers precisely through various digital channels via remote banking and
offered online wealth management consultation services to customers through 95568 hotline service.
To cater the needs of classified customer groups, financial service scenarios of “wealth management
planning report (理財規劃報告)” and “Dream Planning (夢想計劃)” were set up. The Company also
cooperated with leading internet companies with the theme of “interest + product + traffic (權益+產品+
流量)” in order to provide efficient and personalised financial services for customers.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of retail customers with deposits of the Company
was 41,859.7 thousand, representing an increase of 3,465.2 thousand as compared with the end of the
previous year.


2. Financial assets

    Improved standardised operation model. During the Reporting Period, adhering to the
major strategy of customer group management, the Company finished importing and solidifying the
standardised procedures of the C7 financial reform project. By applying the digital marketing system, the
Company stipulated the management plans for classified customer groups to establish a strategy matrix.
The Company exerted more efforts in improving the wealth management business platform to optimise
and upgrade the management and standard operation of wealth management teams, thus to achieve
transparent management regarding key performance, improve refined data-driven sales and boost sales
performance.


    Optimised functions and customer experience of deposit products. During the Reporting
Period, with an aim to improve customer experience, the Company developed competitive deposit
products, and launched new functions including monthly interest payment, online transfer and early
withdrawal for large-denomination certificate of deposits (CD), as well as paper CD (民生安心存紙質
存單). The user interface of mobile banking was also upgraded to continuously improve the functions of
deposit products. In addition, the Company strengthened platform support to recommend product mix
and carry out precise marketing based on customer data labeling.


     Refined wealth management product mix. During the Reporting Period, the Company actively
overcame the impacts from lower demand for traditional wealth management products by coordinating
the supply and sales of major products through online and offline channels, and continued to enrich
and improve the product mix by launching Minsheng Panshi series (民生盤石系列) featuring stable
return from absolute income and Minsheng Premium series (民生優選系列) featuring maximum return
from relative income. The Company also launched Morning Report on Wealth Reform (財富革新晨
報), Minsheng Wealth Morning Report (民生財富早報), “Minsheng Smart Insurance (民生慧保)” and
assessment report of insurance products to provide all-round support for smart frontline sales.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   79




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, financial assets of individual customers under the
management of the Company amounted to RMB1,836,975 million, representing an increase of
RMB186,855 million as compared with the end of the previous year. Total retail deposits (including the
deposits of small and micro enterprises) amounted to RMB827,057 million, representing an increase
of RMB176,869 million as compared with the end of the previous year. Savings deposits amounted to
RMB706,354 million, representing an increase of RMB141,078 million as compared with the end of the
previous year.


3. Retail loans

      During the Reporting Period, under the new environment and situation of retail loans business,
the Company continuously carried out product innovation and procedure optimisation to improve its
customer services and support for business development of small and micro enterprises, as well as to
satisfy the reasonable capital demands of residents for daily consumption and housing mortgages. As
such, retail loans maintained a steady and healthy growth. As at the end of the Reporting Period, retail
loans of the Company amounted to RMB1,397,216 million, representing an increase of RMB179,322
million as compared with the end of the previous year. Of which, loans to small and micro enterprises
amounted to RMB444,560 million, representing an increase of RMB37,622 million as compared with
the end of the previous year. Consumption credit amounted to RMB506,775 million, representing an
increase of RMB89,068 million as compared with the end of the previous year.


     Fully upgraded consumer finance system. During the Reporting Period, in strict compliance
with the macro control policies on real estate market, the Company optimised the business procedure
of housing mortgage loans, adjusted the business policies and refined management to ensure the stable
development of housing mortgage loans business. The Company continued to classify consumer credit
customer groups, develop relevant products, and streamline business procedures based on customer
needs and better experience, so as to fully upgrade the consumer finance system. Efforts were also
made to explore scenarios for automobile and e-commerce businesses, and various projects including
housing finance, automobile insurance and loans, Ant Borrow by Alipay (借唄), Ant Credit Pay by Alipay
(花唄) and fenqile.com (分期樂) were developed and launched. The establishment of data source was
accelerated by using big data-based risk control technology, and an online automatic approval engine
for “Minsheng Easy Loan (民生民易貸)” was launched to further improve financial services for digital
credit approval and online consumer finance.


     Strengthened new model of Small Business 3.0. During the Reporting Period, in accordance
with the national development strategy of inclusive finance, the Company continued to stand firmly on
the strategic positioning of small business finance, promote new development path of small business
finance, and improved online and comprehensive service capabilities for small business finance. The
Company also took proactive measures to resolve the financing difficulties and high financing costs of
small and micro enterprises. As a result, small business loans of the Company recorded steady growth
and the service scope continued to expand.
80   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     Enhanced comprehensive services for small business eco-system. The Company provided
more systematic supports to small business finance by establishing the Inclusive Finance Management
Committee of China Minsheng Bank and refining the organisational structure of inclusive finance, in
order to provide all-round policy support for inclusive finance businesses. Through improving internal
resources allocation, incentive and evaluation, the Company boosted enthusiasm of operating units in
developing small business finance and realised steady growth in terms of loan amounts and number of
customers. During the Reporting Period, the aggregate amount of loans to small and micro enterprises
amounted to RMB512,011 million. More innovative products and services were introduced, upgraded
and promoted, including “Cloud Loan (雲快貸)”, “Value-Added Loan (增值貸)”, “Tax-Based Online
Loan (納稅網樂貸)” and other online loan products, which provided more convenient financing services
for small business customers. Operation procedures were optimised, streamlined and standardised
to shorten the processing time and improve customer experience. Based on customer classification,
the Company provided differentiated credit products and diversified financial service portfolios. The
Company also further developed settlement scenarios and promoted convenient payment service
platform products for industries such as education and leasing. Effective implementation and promotion
of industry scenarios, such as regional supermarkets, shopping malls, tourism and parking fee payment,
were carried out in order to satisfy the needs of small business customers for settlement and financial
management. As part of the integrated management of small business finance customer groups, the
Company improved the service and management capabilities as well as development efficiency. To align
with the launch of “Digital Small Business Finance (數字小微)”, various projects commenced operation
in different segments, which included developing digital model, establishing mobile and internet system
and optimising functions of mobile banking services for small business. As such, data and systems
provided stronger support for business operations. The road show of Small Business Finance Open Day
and the campaign of Bank-Enterprise Cooperation (百行進萬企)” were launched to cater to the needs of
small business customers and promote the new business concept of Small Business Finance 3.0.


     Targeted quality customers and scenarios of credit card loans. During the Reporting Period,
the Company focused on precise customer acquisition and classified management strategy, pushed
forward business transformation and innovation in pursuit of higher efficiency. In respect of precised
customer acquisition, the Company focused on targeted valuable customers, established customer
labeling system, adopted differentiated credit and pricing strategies and improved selection of channels
to acquire customers, and effectively increased the percentage of targeted customers. In respect of
classified management, firstly, the Company optimised product design based on customer’s needs.
During the Reporting Period, the Company launched the Small Business Inclusive Credit Card (小微普
惠信用卡) for small business customer group to make credit card an important tool in serving small and
micro enterprises. The Company launched the “Self-Portrait Card (自畫像卡)”, “Bracelet Credit Card”
(腕帶閃付卡) and other products tailored for the millennial generation. Aiming to capture the potential of
college and university customer groups, the Company launched co-branded credit cards with Xiamen
University and Nankai University. “Tribute to Dunhuang (致敬敦煌)” card, “Artist (藝術家)” card and other
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   81




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


themed products were launched to build up culture image of the Company. Secondly, the Company
established a customer rating system which classified existing customers based on their qualifications,
value growth, risk level and other factors, in order to achieve differentiated product pricing, precise
marketing and quality control. In respect of transformation and innovation, the core competitiveness
of scenario-based financial services continued to be enhanced and the number and quality of the
merchants further increased. Outstanding results were achieved in terms of scenario-based customer
acquisition, transactions, installment and brand promotion. Registered users of the “Daily Life APP (全民
生活APP)” increased to over 20 million, and innovative services of “Easy Installment (全民易分期)” and
“Discount Shopping (惠買單)” on the APP platform were well-received in the market.


     During the Reporting Period, the credit card business of the Company was awarded various
honours, such as “The 2019 Popularity Award of Élan Awards (2019依蘭獎大眾喜愛獎)” from
International Card Manufacturers Association (國際制卡商協會), the “Outstanding Cash Back Award (優
秀產品返現獎)” from VISA, the “Global Marketing Innovation Award for UnionPay Card (銀聯卡跨境營
銷創新推廣獎)” from China UnionPay, the “2019 Outstanding Cooperation Award (2019年傑出精誠合
作獎)” from American Express, the “Best Global Partner of 2019 (2019年度全球最佳合作夥伴)” from
JCB International, and the “Most Influential Brand in the Consumer Market of China (中國消費市場行業
影響力品牌)” from the 13th China Consumer Economy Forum (第十三屆中國消費經濟高層論壇) in
2019.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the aggregate number of issued credit cards of the Company
reached 57,456.1 thousand, of which, 7,908.9 thousand were newly issued during the Reporting Period.
Transaction volume of credit card business was RMB2,480,530 million, representing an increase of
12.16% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The balance of accounts
receivable amounted to RMB445,881 million, representing an increase of 13.38% as compared with
the end of the previous year. Non-performing asset ratio was 2.48%, representing an increase of 0.33
percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.


4. Private banking

     Deepened reform and transformation. During the Reporting Period, the private banking
business of the Company was further reformed with enhanced efficiency as a result of the “three
reforms” on customer classification management system for wealth management, comprehensive
service and the corporate-individual synergy mechanism for entrepreneur customer group, and
the product system under the new capital rules. A solid customer group management system was
established, and the growth rate of new customers, retention rate of customers and profitability were
continuously improved. The customer group structure and business model have been further optimised.
82   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     Strengthened wealth management system. During the Reporting Period, more private banking
centres were established, customers were classified to match operation capacity, bringing higher
productivity. Under innovative business model, synergy between corporate customers and individual
customers was generated. Product structure was optimised by introducing more net-worth wealth
management products and structural deposit products. With product sales driven by asset allocation,
product portfolios were significantly improved while customer group management has made preliminary
achievements. Through continuous cooperation with professional overseas institutions, the scale of
overseas assets allocated, such as overseas funds and overseas insurance, was further enlarged. The
Company continuously optimised its sales channels with the aid of technologies to establish smart
private banking platform and continuously enhance customer experience.


     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of eligible private banking customers with
financial assets of more than RMB8 million was 21,998, representing an increase of 14.28% as
compared with the end of the previous year. The financial assets of eligible private banking customers
under the Company’s management was RMB404,250 million.


5. Community finance

     Continuously increased contribution of various segments. In response to the national
strategy of promoting inclusive finance, the Company pressed ahead with the upgrading of community
finance business model and regulated management of community finance so as to achieve sustainable
and healthy operation of community outlets. During the Reporting Period, the Company organised
the fifth anniversary meeting of community finance with the theme of “Sharing long-lasting happiness
and warmth (共享美好，溫暖長在)” and a series of marketing campaigns. These efforts resulted in
higher competitiveness and marketing influence of community finance and rapid growth in community
financial capacity. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had 1,175 licensed community
sub-branches and 147 small business sub-branches. Total financial assets of the community (small
business) sub-branches continuously increased to RMB284,060 million, and the average financial assets
of the community network were RMB215 million. Total savings deposits exceeded RMB100 billion
and reached RMB103,179 million. The contribution to value growth was significant. The number of
customers was 6,696.5 thousand, of which 815.1 thousand were active. The customer base was further
consolidated.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   83




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(III) Treasury business

1. Investment business

     During the Reporting Period, the Company carried out its investment business in an orderly manner,
with continuous growth in business scale. As at the end of the Reporting Period, net investments
in trading and banking books of the Company amounted to RMB2,160,548 million, representing an
increase of RMB206,166 million, or 10.55%, as compared with the end of the previous year. The
proportion of net investments in trading and banking books in total assets of the Company decreased by
0.30 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.


2. inter-bank business

    During the Reporting Period, the Company strengthened the compliance of its inter-bank business.
Driven by customer groups and products, the Company further promoted transformation of inter-bank
business to customer group management and optimised the structure of inter-bank assets and liabilities.
The inter-bank business maintained stable and healthy development.


     In respect of customer group management, leveraging on the results of transformation, the
Company formulated classified marketing guidelines for inter-bank customers and marketing plans for
key inter-bank customers to effectively strengthen the coordination with customers and comprehensive
marketing efforts. The cross-selling mechanism for inter-bank customers was under smooth operation.
Classified management of inter-bank customers was further refined with one-to-one marketing planning.
Based on customer assessment and customer value, differentiated marketing and service systems were
established. Through participating in inter-bank cooperation summits and interactions with regional
customers, the Company continued to promote its brand value. The Company also launched an APP
of “Minsheng Inter-Bank Business e+ (民生同業e+)” APP to create and enrich the financial eco-system
with its inter-bank customers for mutual benefits.


     In respect of product management, the Company strengthened its management of inter-bank
business funds with increased stability and decreased cost of inter-bank liabilities. As at the end of
the Reporting Period, inter-bank assets amounted to RMB373,655 million, representing an increase of
10.69% as compared with the end of the previous year. inter-bank liabilities (including IBNCD) amounted
to RMB1,842,258 million, representing an increase of 14.02% as compared with the end of the previous
year. During the Reporting Period, a total of 627 tranches of IBNCD were issued with an accumulated
amount of RMB905,190 million and the balance amounted to RMB583,105 million, representing an
increase of 33.75% as compared with the end of the previous year.
84   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


3. Custody business

     By doing in-depth market analysis, the Company actively responded to market changes and
grasped strategic opportunities arising from the net-value transformation of wealth management
products. It focused on custody products such as public funds, banking wealth management and
asset securitisation. According to the general concept of “Establishment of platform, mechanism and
innovative model”, an integrated precise marketing system with coordination among the Head Office,
branches and sub-branches was established to form interlocking supervision. Feedback, evaluation
and early warning mechanism on key customers were set up. “One bank one policy (一行一策)” and
“one customer one policy (一戶一策)” were also implemented. The asset custody business realised
rapid growth. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total assets under custody of the Company
(including various types of funds under supervision) exceeded RMB10 trillion, representing an increase of
14.88% as compared with the end of the previous year. Revenues generated by custody business was
RMB5,072 million, representing an increase of 12.61% as compared with the previous year.


      In respect of pension business, as a qualified player for the management and custody of corporate
annuity accounts, the Company capitalised on the opportunities in China’s pension market development
and continued to allocate more resources in pension business, refine its products and improve
management and services. The Company fully engaged in occupational annuity (the second pillar) and
corporate annuity business, and proactively prepared to join the market of personal pension (the third
pillar) management. Innovative pension products concerning pension security and management were
introduced to facilitate rapid growth of pension business throughout the Bank. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, the Company had RMB587,766 million pension funds under custody, representing
an increase of 140.90%, as compared with the end of the previous year, and managed 186.6 thousand
corporate annuity accounts.


4. Wealth management business

     During the Reporting Period, despite the slowdown of economic growth in China and disturbance
caused by international economic and trading events, under the guidance of the Board and the Senior
Management, the Company deepened the reform in wealth management business and ensured its
healthy development. On one hand, under the premise of consolidated compliance and effective risk
control, the Company proactively promoted the transformation of wealth management products to net-
value products with enriched types, increased scale and expanded categories. On the other hand, the
Company closely followed the major national strategies and promoted financial services for the society
and supported the real economy through direct or indirect involvement in various financial tools and
products. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the scale of wealth management products (excluding
structural deposits) of the Company in effect amounted to RMB896,049 million.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   85




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


5. Precious metals and foreign exchange trading

     During the Reporting Period, the on-floor trading volume of gold (including agency sales for legal
persons and individuals) of the Company in the precious metals markets (i.e., the Shanghai Gold
Exchange and the Shanghai Futures Exchange) amounted to 2,524.26 tons, and the trading volume
of silver (including agency sales for legal persons and individuals) amounted to 16,656.60 tons. The
total trading value amounted to RMB1,056,906 million. The Company’s precious metals business grew
steadily with leading trading volume in the markets. The Company was also one of the most active
dealers at the Shanghai Gold Exchange. The Company actively participated in the market making
of precious metals and the establishment of standardised market making system, and obtained the
qualifications of market maker for inter-bank gold price inquiry (銀行間黃金詢價市場正式做市商),
market maker for gold price matching on the Shanghai Gold Exchange (上海黃金交易所競價黃金做市
商) and the market maker for golden coin price matching on the Shanghai Gold Exchange (上海黃金交
易所競價金幣做市商).


      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the volume of gold lease to corporate customers of the
Company was 18.01 tons, representing an increase of 6.19% as compared with the end of the previous
year. During the Reporting Period, the sales volume of physical gold to retail customers was RMB556
million. The Company effectively satisfied the demands of customers with diversified products.


      During the Reporting Period, the transaction volume of domestic spot settlement of the Company
amounted to USD736,758 million, representing an increase of 44.71% as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year. The transaction volume of forward settlement and sale of
foreign currencies and RMB foreign exchange swap of the Company amounted to USD1,137,107
million, representing a decrease of 12.92% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous
year. The Company actively engaged in innovative products and businesses concerning option and its
portfolios. The transaction volume of RMB foreign exchange options amounted to USD112,819 million,
representing an increase of 0.45% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.
86   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(IV) Distribution channels

1. Internet finance

     During the Reporting Period, the Company further implemented the strategy of “fintech-based
bank”, actively explored and applied cutting-edge fintech and upgraded its internet finance platform.
Continuous innovations were made in the “three banking systems (三個銀行)”, namely online banking,
mobile banking and WeChat banking, and the “four platforms (四個平台)”, namely bank-enterprise
direct connection platform (銀企直聯平台), online payment platform, digital operation platform and open
banking service platform (開放銀行服務平台), which greatly improved the services of internet finance.
The Company continued to expand its market share and brand influence and received 11 awards in
2019, including the “2019 Forerunner Award in Corporate Standards for Online Banking Services (2019
年度網上銀行服務企業標準「領跑者」)” by the PBOC, the “Most Popular Mobile Banking Award (最受
歡迎手機銀行獎)” by Sina Finance and the “Best Fintech Innovation and Application Award (最佳金融
科技創新應用獎)” by China Financial Certification Authority.


(1) Retail online platform

     During the Reporting Period, adhering to the principles of “openness, intelligence and
inclusiveness”, the Company continued to innovate the platforms and products of personal mobile
bank, online bank and WeChat bank to optimise user’s experience. The Company upgraded the unified
customer identification system — “Minsheng Pass (民生通行證)”, which enabled customers to access
to multiple platforms such as mobile bank, online bank and the “Daily Life (全民生活)” APP of credit
card with only one set of account and password. The Company launched an open account system
that supported the register of users of other banks to the retail online platform of Minsheng Bank,
which further expanded the service scope. The Company launched the Minsheng Mini Programme on
WeChat (民生小程序) to offer users more convenient financial services by using the technology and
service platform of mobile banks. The Company established differentiated service systems for small
business, private banking, credit card and other customer groups, in order to satisfy the individual needs
of various core customer groups with only one APP. The Company developed a new 5.0 version of
personal mobile bank with access to remote bank, which improved the coordinated capabilities of online
and offline services. The Company launched various new functions for wealth management customers,
including wealth frontpage (財富首頁), financial products ranking (金融產品排行榜), Minsheng Smart
Insurance (民生慧保), real time quotes of index funds (指數基金晴雨錶), AI-Based financial hotspots
(AI財經熱點) and top news (資訊熱榜). The Company continued to explore the application scenarios
of cutting-edge technologies in financial services to innovate smart mobile banking services by using
big data, biometric identification technology, natural language processing, machine learning and safety
technologies, in an aim to provide more convenient, faster and safer online financial services.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   87




                               Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of retail online platform users was 70,411.8
thousand, representing an increase of 11,112.0 thousand, or 18.74%, as compared with the end of the
previous year. The retail online platform substitution rate was 99.68%. In terms of customer transaction
activity, the Company remained its leading position in the banking industry.


(2) Corporate online platform

     During the Reporting Period, the Company focused on the establishment of corporate online
platform and launched an integrated corporate online service system consisting of various channels
including mobile devices, personal computers, bank-enterprise direct connection platform and WeChat
platform, that can be accessed with one corporate user pass, which better served the real economy
and supported the rapid growth of enterprises. The brand new corporate mobile finance platform was
developed and the 2.0 version of corporate mobile bank was launched, providing corporate customers
with convenient self-service functions including transfer, AI-Based smart bank notes verification,
account opening appointment and contract signing at banking outlets. The security and ease of use
of the APP were enhanced and product functions on the platform were enriched. Under the customer-
centric principle and in order to fulfil the differentiated and distinctive needs of customers, the Company
launched specialised versions of mobile banking services for corporate customers, SMEs and inter-
bank customers, respectively. The corporate online banking platform and the bank-enterprise direct
connection platform were upgraded and optimised with new functions such as customised menus,
electronic bills, settlements and sales of foreign exchanges, bank deductions (行內扣款) and quick
access, which fully improved the service quality in terms of usage, interaction, visual design and
experience. The Company also continued to develop more WeChat-Based products to small and micro
customers.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of users of corporate online platform reached
2,310.3 thousand, representing an increase of 498.3 thousand, or 27.50%, as compared with the end of
the previous year. The number of bank-enterprise direct connection customers was 2,916, with annual
average daily financial assets of RMB448,715 million.
88   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(3) Online payment business

     During the Reporting Period, focusing on the two major service systems of “mobile payment and
online acceptance (移動支付+網絡收單)”, the Company put great efforts in product and service
innovation based on market needs and industrial problems. The online payment services and brand
influence of “Minsheng Pay® (民生付®)” were continuously enhanced. The Company promoted
mobile payment projects and their marketing, and diversified the application scenarios of services. The
Company closely cooperated with China UnionPay and became the first bank providing function to bind
credit card with application of UnionPay Quick Pass with only one click. The Company further optimised
mobile payment products with additional functions such as face recognition and cross-bank withdrawal
by scanning QR code. The mobile quick payment service of the Company fully supports the payment of
class I/II/III accounts and allows users of Apple, Huawei, Xiaomi, OPPO, Vivo and other popular mobile
phone brands and users of major scenarios to make quick payments. To foster the development of
inclusive finance, the Company promoted the electronic wallet proposal of “account + payment”. The
Company enhanced the industry application of its online payment services by adding new functions of
fund loading and agency payment to Easy Collection and Payment (收付易), and launching Easy Bill Split
(分賬易) product for compliant fund clearance of platform merchants. The Company also established
emerging payment and monitoring platform, and introduced various functions including API gateway for
the cashier of Minsheng Pay, agreed payment, mobile acceptance on WeChat, compliant settlement on
platforms and payment split.


    During the Reporting Period, the number of mobile payment transactions via debit cards amounted
to 63,252.7 thousand, representing an increase of 385.56% as compared with the previous year.


2. Direct bank

     During the Reporting Period, the Company accelerated the reform and transformation by
continuously improving the internet banking system and mechanism. The Company put in trial the
“Group Eco-Wallet System (集團生態錢包系統)” that consisted of a “wallet” plan for members, a
“benefit” plan for employees, and a “value-added” plan for distribution, which provided highly-adhesive
scenario-based financial solutions to enterprises, customers and employees. The Company integrated
services, such as deposits, loans, remittances, investments, payments, membership system, employee
benefits, distribution settlement, financing and intelligent services, into accessible, scenario-based
and feasible functions, which enabled business managers to easily enjoy all-round financial services
covering management, operation, customer acquisition and cash realisation. Currently, the Company
has provided the “group wallet” services to a number of leading companies such as China Airlines,
Huawei,and Eastern Airlines, etc., and is rapidly replicating this business model to a wide range of fields
such as retail, medicare, energy, education, and business travel.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   89




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


    The brand effect of direct bank has been significantly improved. During the Reporting Period, the
Company has won nine major awards, including the “2019 Direct Bank of the Year” in the 13th Golden
Cicadas Awards (第十三屆金蟬獎“2019年度直銷銀行”) and the “Best Direct Bank Award (最佳
直銷銀行獎)” issued by China Financial Certification Centre (CFCA), which further strengthened the
Company’s leading position in the field of internet finance.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total number of direct bank customers was 29,203.0
thousand with financial assets managed by the Company amounted to RMB109,832 million.


3. Remote bank

     In terms of customer service, adhering to the principle of customer-centric services, the Company
expanded the accessibility and convenience of its financial services by launching remote bank to provide
its customers with more efficient, inclusive and easy-to-use services, and rebuilt its retail customer
online operation. In terms of video services, the Company provided 7*12 hours remote video counter
services, and achieved a new end-to-end remote banking service without breakpoints as combined
with the offline logistics delivery system. In terms of the brand of “cloud butler (雲管家)”, the Company
provided a wide range of personal financial butler services, such as service butler, wealth butler and
information butler. In terms of customer group management, relying on digitalised precise services
and multi-channeled remote interaction technology, the Company provided customers with vertical
services and operations, which promoted the classified management of customer groups across the
Bank. Firstly, the Company established a growth ladder for the public customer groups and matched
their financial and non-financial interests according to customer portraits, and changed the situation
of insufficient customer maintenance resources. Secondly, through crossover cooperation with quality
internet companies, the Company jointly created a new service eco-system of “traffic + products +
interests”, which provided various services such as remote account opening and wealth butler, in an
aim to broaden the sources of online customer acquisition. Thirdly, as the remote banking operations
are intensified, standardised and digitalised, the Company took its advantages in implementing data
strategies, closed-loop marketing monitoring, specific customer group services and non-financial
interest operations, in an aim to improve the retail operating efficiency and effectiveness of the Bank.


4. Physical distribution channels

     The Company has established an effective domestic distribution network that covered all provinces
in the Chinese mainland with focus on the Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta, Bohai Economic
Rim and other regions. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the sales network of the Company
covered 125 cities in the Chinese mainland, including 132 branch-level institutions (including 41 tier-
one branches, 82 tier-two branches and nine remote sub-branches), 1,154 business outlets of sub-
branches (including business departments), 1,175 community sub-branches, and 147 small business
sub-branches.
90   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     The Company proactively promoted innovations in channel operation models, continued to
introduce and optimise customer-friendly banking offices, and accelerated the transformation of offices
of banking outlets into integrated and customer-centric distribution channels offering advisory, sales and
services. As at the end of the Reporting Period, all standard domestic outlets completed the customer-
friendly model transformation.


     The Company continued to improve its customer services by supervising its service quality of all
channels and further strengthening NPS supervision and analysis. Through launching full-channeled
retail customer experience management projects and establishing customer experience management
system, the Company improved customer experience. The Company promoted the establishment
of business outlets with decent and standardised services. During the Reporting Period, 52 business
outlets of the Company won the title of “Five-Star Banking Outlets of Decent and Standardised Services
in 2019 (2019年銀行業文明規範服務五星級網點)” by the China Banking Association and the market
reputation and image of the Company were further enhanced.


5. Operation management

      The Company fully implemented the requirements of the regulatory authorities, and continuously
provided high quality, high efficiency and competitive services to customers inside and outside the
Bank by adhering to the principle of “facilitating compliance, preventing risks, enhancing efficiency,
strengthening cooperation and promoting growth”, the customer-centric philosophy and the value-
oriented objectives. The Company was named as the “Advanced Group of Banking and Financial
Institutions (銀行業金融機構先進集體)” in the major reform of “Cancellation of License Issuance for
Opening Corporate Bank Account” organised by the PBOC. Responding to the requirements of the
State Council of streamlining management structure, strengthening supervision and optimising services,
the Company introduced “Cloud Mortgage Express (雲速押)”, a mortgage model that using electronic
warrants for online application and extension of secured loans to retail and small and micro enterprises
with one-time counter service. Responding to the national requirements of “deepening the development
of inclusive finance and promoting the innovation of fintech”, the Company boosted its growth with
technological innovations and achieved breakthrough in remote banking operation and services which
featured inclusiveness and convenience, which continuously improved customer experience. The
“95568 Remote Bank” won the first team prize of the “Voice of Customer Service (客服好聲音)” in the
fourth session of the “Banking Voice (尋找好聲音)” competition of China Banking Association for four
consecutive years.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   91




                                Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


 (V) Fintech

       The Company fully implemented the “fintech-based bank” strategy and achieved
 remarkable results. During the Reporting Period, the Company formulated the “Strategic Development
 Plan for Fintech of China Minsheng Bank (2019–2022) (《中國民生銀行科技金融戰略發展規劃
（2019–2022年）》)”. Under the guidance of the Board, the Company continued to increase investments
 in fintech development and provided sufficient talent supply, in achieving the strategic goal of a “digital
 bank empowered by technology (科技引領，數字民生)”. During the Reporting Period, the Company
 focused on the two major development models of “Finance + Internet” and “Internet + Finance”, adhered
 to the concept of innovation and development, greatly enhanced the platform empowerment and digital
 operation and service capabilities. The Company also continued to improve the eco-system-oriented
 service system for NSOEs, retail, and inter-bank customers.


      The Company improved digital operation and service capabilities by establishing smart
 NSOE eco-systems along the upstream and downstream of core enterprises, and transformed
 service model to online, data-based and intelligent services to support their business development.
 Relying on technologies such as blockchain, big data, AI and the Internet of Things, the Company
 consolidated the industry-finance chain by applying data of assets, credit and risks collected in the
 production and operation of enterprises, to realise cross-validation and continuous accumulating
 data set of real transaction data and behaviour data, so as to deal with high financing costs of SMEs
 due to information asymmetry. Focusing on the different aspects in production, supply and sales, the
 Company integrated highly competitive products, such as transaction banking product of “Express,
 Pool and Earnings (通聚盈)” and supply chain finance product of “E” series, to create an online, mobile
 and intelligent banking product and service system, and thus to improve its comprehensive service
 management capabilities, operating efficiency and customer experience, and increase value.


     The Company optimised retail customer experience by building a smart retail eco-
 system around the customer journey. Through the retail scenario-based integrated service platform,
 the Company aimed to transform its retail business from traffic management to customer group
 management, and from product-driven model to integrated service model. During the Reporting Period,
 based on the management-driven, event-driven and transaction-driven scenarios, 35 key scenarios
 covering the entire retail customer base were newly added, and the scenario-centric business models
 were created to match products, channels, customers, and strategies. A scenario awareness, response
 and decision-making model was established to use real-time data analysis to provide personalised
 and intelligent product recommendations and multi-channel coordinated marketing to more than 20
 key customer groups, including new customers, payroll agency customers and credit customers, thus
 to enable the Bank to become a smart new retail bank that truly understands its customers and their
 scenarios. The intelligent marketing system, built upon data application, enabled standardised business
 modeling in respect to the ten key factors of marketing activities, and provided standardised customer
92   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


information, 360-degree customer portraits and cross-channel integrated marketing. During the entire
life cycle of consumer loans and small business loans, big data was used to automatically manage risk,
realise intelligent pre-loan approval, automated early-warning during loan extension and centralised post-
loan collection, so as to solve problems of high credit costs. Combined with experiences of experts and
AI algorithms, a quantitative risk model library was formulated to solve difficulties in risk assessment.


     The Company improved one-stop comprehensive service capabilities by building smart
inter-bank eco-systems based on different industry characteristics of inter-bank customers.
By establishing a comprehensive financial service platform for financial markets, unifying data standards
of inter-bank customers, relying on real-time technology of big data and implementing real-time
calculation and occupancy of credit lines in capital transaction management, the Company enhanced
its processing capabilities of financial markets business risk management. The model of “inter-bank e +
platform” extended the cooperation of inter-bank customers from offline to online, promoted the reform
of business model with the evolution of technology platforms, broke through the limitations of time,
space and channels, fully took advantages of inter-bank customers, and realised the transformation
of bilateral transactions into multiple interaction, so as to facilitate the sustainable development of
information and revenue sharing. With the intelligent investment consulting, intelligent investment
research, intelligent information and other fintech capabilities, an asset management cloud platform was
established, which covered five core processes of product, investment research, investment, risk and
operation.


       The Company provided efficient online financial services and accelerated digitalisation
of the entire process. The cumulative number of mobile banking users exceeded 52.11 million, the
monthly active users exceeded 10.21 million, and the annual transaction volume was more than RMB9.2
trillion. Innovative home products such as “Fortune e Store (財富e棧)” were launched, providing a variety
of considerate and convenient “zero-contact services” and realising the complete migration of offline
business to online and cloud. With video communication, remote authentication and other technological
means, services including personal mortgages, consumer loans and small business loans can be
applied in a remote manner through online bank, direct bank and remote bank, providing customers
with considerate in-house financial services. Mobile APP for corporate finance was introduced for
corporate mobile bank, corporate online bank and corporate mini service platforms, which facilitated
the interconnection of corporate customer services between different platforms, and improved
corporate customers’ experiences. Platform security system was comprehensively upgraded with new
technological framework, to provide stronger security and protection to corporate customers.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   93




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     The Company focused on scientific and technological research and development and
made breakthroughs in key technology applications. In terms of technological research and
development, the Company has obtained 25 software copyrights and applied for 22 patents. During
the Reporting Period, the distributed transformation of the Company entered into the “critical phase”
and achieved phased success. It completed the development of certain distributed functions of
core capabilities, such as deposits, cards, accounts and customer management, which enabled the
Company to provide massive supports, flexible extension, high concurrency and high performance.
The Company applied AI in marketing, risk control, operation and other fields, and established a cloud
platform for group finance that provided cloud services such as branch-specific cloud, wealth cloud,
online loan cloud, payment cloud, and data cloud, and also achieved breakthroughs in the cloud native
field in terms of enterprise-level application service development platforms and enterprise-level mobile
application platforms.


     The Company persisted on data-driven development and deepened data empowerment.
During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to increase its investments in big data and other
platforms, and focused on achieving mid-office-oriented, intelligent and real-time data collection and
application by completing the establishment of data application infrastructures, such as data mid-
office 2.0, real-time data systems, model laboratories and integrated platforms of data analysis and
application, which significantly improve the capabilities of big data technology. The Company adopted
various measures for data governance throughout the Bank, improved the long-term mechanism for
data governance and focused on solving key data problems from business source to significantly
improve data quality, data foundation and data governance. Focusing on various specific data
application business scenarios, the Company continued to leverage its leading advantages in core
technologies in big data, AI, cloud computing and other fields, continued to promote deep integration
of data and business, and built a unified “value cloud map” across the Bank to support its strategic
decision-making, which effectively improved the overall capabilities of intelligent decision-making. The
Company built intelligent marketing platforms to continuously strengthen digital marketing capabilities,
and implemented the new generation of quantitative risk control system to enhance digital risk control
capabilities of its credit businesses. The Company also effectively extended and enriched data
application scenarios to further improve customer service experience and service efficiency.


(VI) Comprehensive services

    During the Reporting Period, the Company established the “One Minsheng” group-based
management and control system, formulated customer-centric service mechanism, and effectively
promoted the implementation of “a bank of comprehensive services”.
94   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     Optimised accounting and assessment models. The Company improved its accounting,
assessment and evaluation system by dividing the business promotion departments of the Head Office
into customer group departments and product departments, and evaluated performance contribution
of departments throughout the value chain, in an aim to encourage all departments to jointly focus on
providing customer-centric, integrated and comprehensive services to customers.


     Promoted cross-selling and synergy. Firstly, the Company established a cross-selling and
business synergy system with “one goal, two phases, three mechanisms and four major supports”,
and promoted cross-selling and business synergy between business segments, institutions, and parent
company and subsidiaries. Secondly, focusing on the key points, the Company strengthened the
promotion of cross-selling. In respect of customer groups, the Company focused on the strategic NSOE
customers established a “1 + 3” cross-selling operation model and improved the “five-in-one (五位一體)”
cross-marketing mechanism. In respect of products, the Company focused on the development of key
products, such as payroll agency, entrepreneur customer groups and agency services, and continued to
optimise the supporting mechanisms to promote cross-selling across the Bank. In respect of institutions,
the Company established a coordinated marketing platform to expand the depth and breadth of
cooperation. The cross-selling of key businesses has played a positive role in consolidating customer
base and stimulating the growth of size and revenue of financial assets. Thirdly, the Company optimised
its mechanisms and vigorously promoted business synergy of its subsidiaries. By expanding the scope
of business synergy of its subsidiaries and carrying out bidirectional diversion of customers and business
referrals, the Company incorporated products of its subsidiaries into its own comprehensive financial
service solutions to establish a complementary business model, which has gradually brought good
results of group operations.


      Optimised management model of subsidiaries. In accordance with the overall deployment of
“one unification, six synergies (一個統一、六個協同)”, the Company tightened its management over
subsidiaries to establish the “One Minsheng” group management and control system. The Company
organised the preparation of integrated plans for its subsidiaries by incorporating business development
of its subsidiaries into the overall strategic synergy system of the Bank to achieve consistent business
orientation and policy synergy between the parent company and its subsidiaries. The Company
scientifically formulated business plans, improved risk management and control mechanisms, optimised
resource allocation, and promoted IT system integration of the parent company and its subsidiaries, in
an aim to ensure the healthy and stable development of its subsidiaries.


(VII) Overseas business

    During the Reporting Period, under the stringent market environment and regulatory pressure, the
Hong Kong Branch actively followed the Company’s development strategy, implemented the reform
and transformation as well as the three-year development plan and continued to strengthen the three
major businesses, namely the corporate banking, financial markets and private banking and wealth
management, to give full play of its functions as an overseas business platform of the Company.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   95




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


    Capitalising on the cross-border synergy with the Head Office and grasping the strategic
opportunities arising from the “Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area” and others, the Hong
Kong Branch focused on providing professional cross-border financial solutions for quality customers.
The Hong Kong Branch focused on the capital market, expanded its featured business and recorded
a remarkable income from investment banking businesses, such as syndicated loans, loans for merger
and acquisition and structured financing. Cooperation with State Power Investment Corporation, China
Duty Free International Limited and Mutual Fund of Greater Bay Area (大灣區共同基金) and other
enterprises with high influence in the industry were successfully launched, which strengthened the
professional services of the Hong Kong Branch in capital market and new economic sectors.


     Capitalising on the strategic position of Hong Kong as an international financial centre, the Hong
Kong Branch actively expanded its financial markets business. During the Reporting Period, the Hong
Kong Branch actively developed bond investment, trading business and structured notes investment,
and achieved higher returns. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total bond investments of Hong
Kong Branch was HKD63,031 million. During the Reporting Period, bond issuance business achieved
record high. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the global ranking of the Company in terms of
underwriting scale of overseas USD bonds issued by Chinese companies sharply rose to the 16th and
the underwriting scale of USD bonds for urban investment ranked first in the market, reflecting the
Company’s brand influence and market position in the overseas bond markets. The Hong Kong Branch
expanded its custody business proactively. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the scale of assets
under its custody reached HKD34,913 million. Meanwhile, a custody sub-brand, “Cross-Border+ (跨境
+)”, was launched in China in line with the strategy of the Head Office.


     During the Reporting Period, the personal banking business of Hong Kong Branch continued to
grow rapidly. The personal wealth management of the Hong Kong Branch was positioned as an internet-
based simplified bank based on online banking and mobile banking. Focusing on cross-border wealth
management business, the Hong Kong Branch aims to expand its shares in mid- to high-end individual
markets and develop itself into a platform under the Company to acquire and manage mid- to high-end
customers in order to further enhance cross-border comprehensive financial service capabilities. During
the Reporting Period, the Hong Kong Branch gradually launched the online fund service platform and
became one of the few Chinese joint-stock commercial banks with online fund management platform in
Hong Kong. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of customers who had opened accounts
for personal wealth management exceeded 57.6 thousand, with total deposits of HKD4,120 million.
The sales of “Minsheng Insurance (民生保)”, a high-end retail banking product series, recorded 440
transactions with a total insurance premium of over HKD10 billion.
96   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(VIII) Major equity investments and management of consolidated financial statements

      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had investments in subsidiaries of RMB6,634
million. For details, please refer to the notes to the financial statements.


1. Minsheng Financial Leasing

    Minsheng Financial Leasing, one of the first five financial leasing companies with banking
background approved by the former CBRC, was established in April 2008. 51.03% equity interest of
Minsheng Financial Leasing was held by the Company.


     During the Reporting Period, in addition to firmly implementing the three-year plan, Minsheng
Financial Leasing promoted high-quality and featured development through streamlining business,
focusing on highlighted areas and lightening its capital, which brought positive results of its strategic
reform and development. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total assets and net assets of Minsheng
Financial Leasing amounted to RMB187,738 million and RMB19,150 million, respectively.


     Firstly, Minsheng Financial Leasing streamlined its businesses in an active manner. It reduced
overdue and non-performing assets, inefficient operating lease assets and implemented plans for
exiting from inefficient assets, industries with potential risks or limited growth prospects and quasi
credit business to continuously optimise and improve its asset structure and quality. Minsheng Financial
Leasing also streamlined its management and implemented comprehensive reforms to accelerate
business turnover and improve management efficiency.


     Secondly, Minsheng Financial Leasing focused on highlighted areas. It focused on leasing areas
such as aircraft, vessels and vehicles, and strove to create three core strategic segments of aircraft,
vessels and vehicles with distinctive features and outstanding profitability. In addition, by focusing on the
strategy of “One Body and Two Wings (一體兩翼)”, the asset size and profit contribution of operating
leases and asset tradings of Minsheng Financial Leasing have gradually increased.


    Thirdly, Minsheng Financial Leasing lightened its capital. It accelerated asset turnover and expanded
asset transaction business to increase revenue from asset turnover. It also focused on the development
of low-capital consumption business and gradually improved its profit structure to increase the
proportions of operating lease income, service income and non-interest margin income.


    In addition, focusing on “One Minsheng” strategy of the Group, the synergy model was optimised
and management capabilities complementary to that of the Head Office was enhanced continuously.
Minsheng Financial Leasing strengthened its risk management and control and combined business risk
with management risk to consolidate basic management and establish a risk prevention and control
                                                                                 Annual Report 2019   97




                             Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


structure which would ensure sound development. Minsheng Financial Leasing closely monitored
its credit risk during the economic downturn, highly emphasised its market risks in the complex
environment and strengthened its compliance and moral risk management and control under stringent
regulatory conditions.


2. Minsheng Royal Fund

    Minsheng Royal Fund is a Sino-Foreign fund management joint venture company established in
November 2008 under the approval of the CSRC. 63.33% equity interest of Minsheng Royal Fund
was held by the Company. It mainly engages in fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other
business approved by the CSRC.


      As at the end of the Reporting Period, Minsheng Royal Fund had total assets of RMB1,971 million
and net assets of RMB1,088 million. A total of 56 public funds were managed under Minsheng Royal
Fund, which covered various types with high, medium and low risks and cross-border products. Total
public funds under its management was RMB148,845 million, representing an increase of 11.00% as
compared with the end of the previous year. Non-monetary public funds under its management was
RMB124,177 million, representing an increase of 36.01% as compared with the end of the previous
year. Non-monetary wealth management funds under its management was RMB104,060 million,
representing an increase of 120.55% as compared with the end of the previous year. Minsheng Royal
Fund also managed 58 private equity management plans with a management scale of RMB32,123
million.


      The performance of medium- and long-term investments of Minsheng Royal Fund was remarkable.
According to the data of Galaxy Securities Fund Research Centre (銀河證券基金研究中心), as at
the end of the Reporting Period, Minsheng Royal Fund ranked 23rd out of 86 funds in terms of the
active management capacity for three-year-term stock investment, which was among the top 26%. It
also ranked 12th out of 79 funds in terms of the active management capacity for three-year-term bond
investment, which was among the top 15%. Minsheng Royal Fund ranked 6th out of 70 funds in terms
of the active management capacity for five-year-term stock investment, which was among the top 9%.
It also ranked 3rd out of 62 funds in terms of the active management capacity for five-year-term bond
investment, which was among the top 5%. During the Reporting Period, Minsheng Royal Fund was
awarded again four Golden Bull awards, also known as the Oscar award for the fund management
industry, namely “2019 Fixed Income Investment Golden Bull Fund Company (2019年固定收益投資
金牛基金公司)”, “Most Trusted Golden Bull Fund Company (最受信賴金牛基金公司)”, “Five-year-
term Open Hybrid Continued Superior Golden Bull Fund (五年期開放式混合型持續優勝金牛基金)”
and “Most Popular Golden Bull Fund Manager (最佳人氣金牛基金經理)”. With outstanding results,
Minsheng Royal Fund has won 17 “Golden Bull Awards (金牛獎)” in recent seven years, showing high
recognition by the investors and the industry on its investment capacities and overall strengths.
98   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


      Minsheng Royal Fund initiated and established Minsheng Royal Asset Management on 24 January
2013, and currently holds 51.00% equity interest of Minsheng Royal Asset Management. Minsheng
Royal Asset Management’s registered capital was RMB668 million and the scope of business included
specific customer asset management and other businesses permitted by the CSRC. As at the end of
the Reporting Period, assets managed by Minsheng Royal Asset Management amounted to RMB50,544
million.


3. CMBC International

    CMBC International is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company established on 11 February 2015
in Hong Kong with the approval of the former CBRC. It has a registered capital of HKD3,000 million.
CMBC International and its subsidiaries have licenses granted by the Securities and Futures Commission
of Hong Kong to carry out activities of type 1 (dealing in securities), type 2 (dealing in futures contracts),
type 4 (advising on securities), type 6 (advising on corporate finance) and type 9 (asset management).
The principle business of CMBC International includes sponsorship of listing in Hong Kong, financial
advisory on merger, acquisition and restructuring, underwriting and issuance of bonds, asset
management, stock brokerage, direct investment and structured finance. CMBC International is an
important and strategic platform for the integrated development and international expansion of the
Company. Through continuously tightened business synergy with the Company, it offers all-round,
diversified and one-stop financial services to the Company’s customers.


     As at the end of the Reporting Period, CMBC International had total assets and total liabilities of
HKD24,541 million and HKD20,346 million, respectively. Net assets amounted to HKD4,195 million.
During the Reporting Period, net profit of CMBC International amounted to HKD512 million, representing
an increase of 37.63% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.


     During the Reporting Period, through adhering to the “One Minsheng (一個民生)” strategy and
an upgraded version of “One Body and Two Wings (一體兩翼)” strategy, CMBC International further
optimised the structures of products and customers of investment and financing business to promote
the revenue and the market position of investment banking and asset management businesses in a
comprehensive manner. During the Reporting Period, CMBC International completed two IPO sole
sponsorship and underwriting projects and two IPO sole underwriting projects on the Main Board
of the SEHK. The Newborntown project ranked top among all IPO projects listed on the SEHK in
2019 in terms of over-subscription with 1,441.83 times of over-subscription in the public offering.
The IPO market presence of CMBC International was significantly strengthened. Leveraging on its
advantages of domestic and overseas network and business synergy mechanism, CMBC International
assisted 82 enterprises to complete 102 offshore bond issuance with a total underwriting amount of
USD30,511 million, accounting for 12.38% of the total underwriting amount in the market. Benefiting
from the active asset management market, the scale of the assets under the management of CMBC
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   99




                               Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


International increased to HKD17.6 billion. CMBC International surpassed its peers with its performance
of portfolio management. Based on the change in regulations of Hong Kong, CMBC International
moderately adjusted the development of its non-standardised financing business and put efforts in
promoting standardised investment business. The proportion of its structured finance business dropped
dramatically. The investment and financing business grew at a moderate pace.


     During the Reporting Period, CMBC International strictly complied with the regulatory requirements.
Based on the movement in the market and regulations and its actual situation, CMBC put great efforts in
strengthening its capabilities in three main aspects, including marketing and communication, investment
and trading and compliance and risk control. In addition, CMBC International placed great emphasis on
the education of three bottom lines, namely legal affairs and compliance, risk control and prevention and
interests of the company. In order to achieve sustainable development, CMBC International continued
to strengthen its corporate governance, compliance management and internal control system, which
improved the overall risk prevention and control.


4. Minsheng rural banks

      Minsheng rural banks (collectively referred to as “rural banks”) are the rural banks initiated and
established by the Company as a major promoter. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company
established a total of 29 rural banks with 85 business outlets. Total assets amounted to RMB35,310
million, representing an increase of RMB1,841 million, or 5.50%, as compared with the end of the
previous year. Total loans amounted to RMB20,228 million, representing an increase of RMB1,204
million, or 6.33%, as compared with the end of the previous year. Total deposits amounted to
RMB29,368 million, representing an increase of RMB946 million, or 3.33%, as compared with the end of
the previous year. Total net profits amounted to RMB181 million during the Reporting Period.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company adopted measures in compliance with the relevant
requirements of the Board to maintain “effective risk control, steady business development and
effective internal management” to encourage the rural banks to focus on their traditional values in
strict compliance with regulations and laws, give strong support to the rural vitalisation strategies, and
sincerely serve the rural areas, agriculture and farmers, small business customers as well as residents
in communities. The number of credit customers of the rural banks amounted to 42 thousand. All rural
banks were committed to exploring local markets and improving service quality so as to explore a
business model of sustainable development. The rural banks have become important platforms for the
Company to perform social responsibilities and effectively expand brand and service coverage to county
areas.
100   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     During the Reporting Period, all rural banks were dedicated to serving inclusive finance and
supporting the establishment of “beautiful villages and new rural areas. The rural banks further expanded
the coverage and quality of financial services and achieved satisfactory results, winning great recognition
from customers, peers, government and the public. Several rural banks won the awards for serving rural
areas, agriculture and farmers.


5. Structured entities consolidated to the financial statements of the Group

     Structured entities consolidated to the financial statements of the Group mainly comprised of
principal-guaranteed wealth management products issued and managed by the Group. The Group
provided a commitment to the principal of such wealth management products with the investment and
corresponding liabilities of such wealth management products separately accounted for as financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss and deposits from customers.


6. Management of consolidated financial statements

    During the Reporting Period, the Company focused on its strategic position as “a bank of
comprehensive services and adhered to its “One Minsheng” strategy. Through further optimising the
management system of consolidated financial statements and strengthening the management of its
subsidiaries, the comprehensive services of the Group showed great improvement.


    The Board optimised and supervised performance appraisal and launched innovative supervision
mechanism, so as to solve the difficulties in managing the consolidated financial statements. The
Company strengthened its integrated risk management and centralised credit management of the
Group. Through promoting the cross-selling of major products and business of the Group, business
synergy and resource-sharing of the Group achieved great progress. The Company refined the
management system of consolidated financial statements of the Group and successfully launched
nine major platforms to improve management. In addition, the Company continued to optimise its
management of consolidated financial statements in respect of corporate governance, finance,
capital, internal control and compliance, and internal transactions, which enhanced the efficiency of
management of the Group.


X. Risk Management

    The core principle of the Company’s risk management is “Tallying with strategies and development,
ensuring compliance and stable growth, and carrying out proactively and overall risk management”. The
Company focuses on the coordinated development of quality, profit and scale, while pushes forward the
establishment of an overall risk management system, improves core competitiveness, and ensures long-
term interest of its shareholders, employees and customers, so as to maximise shareholders’ value.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019   101




                                Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(I) Credit risk

     Credit risk is the risk that a borrower or a counterparty defaults in making repayments in a
timely manner in full amount for whatever reasons. Under the coordination of the Risk Management
Commission of the Company, a platform consisting of risk management strategies, portfolio
management and risk measurement tools has been established to control risks and support the
strategic business transformation. The risk management system covers the whole process including pre-
approval investigation, approval review, post-loan management, collection and preservation of assets.
Credit risks of loans extension and non-credit business are also strictly controlled.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company further enhanced credit risk management to ensure
the healthy and orderly development of all business lines. Firstly, the Company strengthened policy
guidance and promoted structural adjustment. The Company formulated and released the Annual Risk
Policy for 2019 (《2019年度風險政策》) and performed dynamic adjustment based on internal and
external changes. The policies covered various investment and financing businesses. The Company
carried out portfolio management, proactively supported the real economy and controlled the proportion
of financing in industries with high risks. The formulation of portfolio management benchmarks and
the measurement and system of monitoring and dynamic adjustment have been further enhanced.
Secondly, the Company strengthened the coordination between risk management and business
and promoted the development of major businesses including strategic NSOEs, supply chain, small
and medium-sized NSOEs, investment banking, transaction banking and small business. Thirdly,
the Company enhanced the management of centralised credit extension to corporate customers
and standardised the procedures of credit approval. The management standards of credit extension
to corporate customers was unified and the credit management of the same customer within the
Company was enhanced in a full-caliber manner. Through the standardisation of approval procedures
and assessment criteria, the Company further strengthened forward-looking risk management of the
inter-bank business and bills business. Fourthly, the Company optimised the post loan and investment
management of credit risk business. Through streamlining procedures, optimising systems and
establishing mechanisms, foresight and effectiveness of potential credit risk management of corporate
customers were enhanced. The Company continued the monitoring and screening in major aspects
including overcapacity, finance platforms, real estate, capital markets and bond investments. Fifthly, the
Company improved the risk early-warning management mechanism. Under the leadership of the Head
Office, the new top-down and data driven risk early-warning management model operated smoothly.
The timeliness and effectiveness of risk early-warning management continued to improve. Sixthly, the
Company further strengthened collection and disposal of NPLs. the Company innovated collection
and disposal mechanisms, increased resources allocation, refined the collection and disposal plans
of “one policy for one account”, centralised collection and strengthened supervision. The Company
also adopted comprehensive collection and disposal measures such as repayment collection, transfer,
foreclosing, litigation and writing-off, to improve the efficiency of collection and disposal. Seventhly, the
Company promoted the application and upgrading of risk management tools. The internal rating results
of the Company were applied in areas including credit entry, risk authorisation, loan pricing, capital
allocation and risk reporting. Capitalising on the implementation of new accounting standards of IFRS 9,
the Company applied internal rating results in the provision for assets impairment.
102   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(II) Market risk

    Market risk refers to the risk of adverse changes in market prices (interest rates, exchange rates,
stock prices and commodity prices), inflicting losses in on- and off-balance sheet businesses of
commercial banks. The Company manages its interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, stock price risk
and commodity price risk in accordance with the regulatory requirements and the rules of the Basel
accords. The Company continuously improves its market risk management system in the areas of limit
management, measurement, middle office supervision, stress test and contingency management to
cope with the increasingly volatile environment of banking industry.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company further enhanced the proactive management of
market risks and pressed ahead with various management tasks progressively. Firstly, the Company
continuously improved the quality of market risk monitoring statistics and supervision reports. The
external supervision reports were integrated with internal capital assessment and capital constraints
were tightened by distribution of quantified market risk capital to each business unit. Secondly, focusing
on major aspects and products, the Company further optimised the system and mechanism of market
risk management. After the reform of risk lines, the management mechanism and approval model of
market risk products relating to structured deposits, structured wealth management and entrusted
investment were streamlined to optimise the management process. Thirdly, risk management proactively
supported the development of front office business to coordinate with the transformation of financial
markets business. The Company tightened the risk limits for agency business and minor currencies
exchange business in respect of financial markets agency business and the diversification of trading
policies.


(III) Liquidity risk

     Liquidity risk refers to the risk of a commercial bank which is unable to obtain sufficient funds in
a timely manner or to cope with increase in assets or fulfill debt obligations at reasonable costs. The
targets of the liquidity risk management of the Company are to strengthen the abilities to identify,
measure, monitor, control and mitigate liquidity risk and to optimise business maturity structure and
strengthen the management of current assets of high quality, so that liquidity risk tolerance could remain
at a safe and stable level. The Company also raises core liquidity risk control indicators to ensure the
sustainable development of each business to enhance the capital efficiency.


     During the Reporting Period, the targets of the liquidity risk management of the Company were to
carry out scientific, refined and highly efficient management of liquidity risk based on the development
strategies of the Company and to pursue a high level of balance in terms of liquidity, safety and
profitability. Firstly, the Company further optimised the management system of liquidity to enhance the
protection of systems. Secondly, the Company adjusted its liquidity management policies dynamically
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   103




                               Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


and strengthened forward-looking arrangements for market anticipation and funding positions. Thirdly,
the Company arranged the structure and timing of asset and liability maturity to control liquidity risk
exposure. Fourthly, the Company strengthened its management of high quality liquidity assets to ensure
liquidity safety and fulfillment and steady improvement of liquidity indicators. Fifthly, the Company
continuously strengthened the safeguard mechanism for core liquidity indicators and improved
emergency management and stress test.


(IV) Operational risk

    Operational risk refers to the risk of loss due to deficient and flawed internal procedures, personnel
and IT system or external events. The major operational risk of the Company comprises internal
and external fraud, employment system, safety of working places, and events related to customers,
products and operation, damages of tangible assets, interruption of business, paralysis of IT system and
management of execution, transfer and processes.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to focus on key aspects of operational
risk management, and improve its operational risk management capability. Firstly, the Company
strengthened the application of the three major operational risk management tools, enhanced the
establishment of identification and assessment system for operation risks in major business and
management, performed daily monitoring of key risk indicators and refined the damaged data verification
mechanism, which formed a normalised operational risk reporting process. Secondly, the Company
optimised the mechanism of business continuity management by improving its top-level design, core
areas and application promotion. The Company facilitated the analysis of business impact and risk
evaluation, optimised its business continuity management system and contingency proposal mechanism
and continued to carry out emergency drills. Thirdly, the Company enhanced its management of
recovery and disposal plans and prepared updated recovery plans and disposal plans. Stress tests were
conducted and supervision reports were prepared on a regular basis to further enhance crisis response
capabilities. Fourthly, the Company optimised its outsourcing risk management by carrying out stringent
entry approval review of outsourcing and service providers and carried out screening and inspection.
104   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(V) Country risk

     Country risk refers to the risk of borrower or debtor in a certain country or region failing or unwilling
to repay debts to banking financial institutions, or banking financial institutions suffering from commercial
losses in a country or region or incurring other losses due to economic, political and social changes and
incidents in such country or region. The Company managed and controlled country risk through a series
of management tools, including evaluation and rating of country risk, setting country risk limit for the
Company and compiling statistics, carrying out analysis and monitoring regarding country risk exposure.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company further optimised its country risk management system by
subdividing the procedures of country risk management. Firstly, the Company formulated and published
the Rating and Limit of Country Risk of China Minsheng Bank for 2019 (《2019年中國民生銀行國
別風險評級和限額》). Country risk ratings and annual risk limit management of major countries and
regions were realised through qualitative and quantitative indicators. Secondly, the Company enhanced
the management of country risk reserves and promoted the application of country risk reserves in
management accounting. Thirdly, the Company supervised and prepared reports on country risk on a
timely basis and monitored the limit control, distribution of country risk exposure and public sentiment in
relation to major country risk. Fourthly, the Company improved the country risk management information
system in relation to cross-border business approval and lending process. Fifthly, the Company
conducted stress tests on country risk to evaluate risk exposure and to analyse losses incurred under
changes of ratings of different countries.


(VI) Interest rate risk in banking book

     Interest rate risk in banking book refers to the adverse changes in the level of interest rate, term
structure and other factors which lead to loss on the economic value and overall revenue of banking
book, primarily caused by the mismatch of the maturity profiles and benchmark rates between financial
positions and instruments of the banking book as well as embedded options. It can be classified into
gap risk, benchmark risk and option risk according to the risk categories.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   105




                               Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to strengthen the management of interest rate
risk in banking book. Firstly, the Company gradually optimised the management of interest rate risk in
banking book in accordance with the interest rate risk supervision requirements of regulatory authorities,
so as to improve the management of interest rate risk in banking book. Secondly, the Company
regularly monitored the repricing of financial positions and instruments upon each maturity through the
asset and liability management system. It also measured and analysed interest rate risks in banking
book, through re-pricing gap analysis, duration analysis, scenario analysis and stress testing. Thirdly,
the Company analysed the core factors that affect interest rate risk in banking book and conducted
researches on patterns and characteristics of customer behaviour to carry out relevant management
measures. Fourthly, the Company strengthened researches on interest rate trends, continued to monitor
interest rate risk in banking book and improved the management and control of maturity mismatch and
investment duration.


(VII) Reputation risk

    Reputation risk management is the daily proactive management of reputation risk and proper
handling of incidents of reputation risk through establishing and formulating reputation risk management
mechanisms and rules to eliminate the adverse impacts by various methods, so as to minimise the
losses and negative public perception. These are the overall objectives of reputation risk management.
The Company has regarded reputation risk management as one of its major tasks for maintaining normal
operation, promoting favourable public opinion and performing the responsibilities of a corporate citizen.


       During the Reporting Period, the Company fully implemented the Guidelines for the Management
of Reputation Risk of Commercial Banks (《商業銀行聲譽風險管理指引》) and the Administrative
Measures on Reputation Risk of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行聲譽風險管理辦法》). In
respect of overall risk management, the Company refined its management mechanism, improved its
disposal efficiency and enhanced its reputation to develop a favourable public environment for the
business development of the Company. Firstly, the Company promptly evaluated potential threat of
contagion risk to predict potential public opinion risks, deployed special monitoring, and formulated
plans in advance. Secondly, the Company actively publicised its contribution to and achievements in
reform and development, business innovation, real economy support, NSOE services, fintech and the
fulfillment of social responsibility. Thirdly, the Company enhanced multilevel trainings on reputation risk
management to consolidate the foundation of management.
106   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(VIII) Information technology risk

    Information technology risk is the operational, legal and reputational risk due to natural factors,
human factors, technical flaws and management defects in relation to the application of information
technology in a commercial bank.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company implemented information technology risk management
in all areas, including information technology governance, information system development and
maintenance, data governance and information safety, and continued to improve the information
technology risk management and promote business development in accordance with the Guidelines
on the Risk Management of Information Technology of Commercial Banks (《商業銀行信息科技風
險管理指引》). Firstly, the Company implemented the strategy of fintech-based bank and formulated
strategic development plan of fintech to strengthen the top-level design and identify the direction
of development. In addition, the Company optimised the technology system and decision-making
mechanism of projects, and managed the fintech business in a scientific and efficient way. Secondly, the
Company improved its data governance, unified data rules and benchmarks, enriched scenarios of data
application and enabled the application of data to facilitate its business development. The Company
solidified the foundation of data platform to manage the life cycle of data. Thirdly, the Company improved
the management of the production system maintenance service, established smart data centres,
improved contingency plans and enhanced the operation steadiness and emergency response of its
production systems. Fourthly, the Company continued to improve information safety management and
defence system, and complied with the safety requirements to improve autonomous management.
Fifthly, the Company strengthened its management of information technology risks by improving risk
assessment and inspection mechanism, as well as risk monitoring in order to strengthen the capabilities
of information technology risk management.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   107




                               Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(IX) Internal control, compliance and anti-money laundering

     In respect of internal control and compliance management, the Company achieved progress
in compliance culture cultivation, system management, mechanism optimisation, compliance
inspection and rectification, behaviour management of employees, appraisal and evaluation and
system construction with an aim to solidify foundation, improve management, effectively prevent
and control compliance risk, based on the general requirements of the reform and transformation.
Firstly, the Company organised activities of compliance culture year with a theme of “Creating Value
and Safeguarding Development with Compliance (合規創造價值合規助力發展)”. Nine major types
of activities were organised with all-round coverage and extensive influences. The awareness of
compliance among employees was raised significantly. Secondly, the Company published the Principles
of System Management of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行制度管理基本規定》) to manage
the procedures of establishment, amendment and abolition of systems, which categorised the systems
into four categories in contents and three levels in execution. Thirdly, the Company improved the
internal control mechanism, and formulated and refined the conflict position management mechanism,
compliance management of information system, compliance management of related party transactions,
compliance inspection of “three upper levels and three lower levels”, and internal control and compliance
management and evaluation of subsidiaries. Fourthly, the Company established management system
to regulate the conduct of its employees, formulated guidelines of internal control and compliance and
conducted assessment on the conduct of its employees. Fifthly, the Company improved management
system of related party transactions, and published the list of related parties of the year. The Company
tightened daily management of related party transactions to solidify the compliance management
foundation. Sixthly, in line with the regulatory inspections, the Company carried out specific governance
inspections on consolidating the achievements of chaos control, inspections on major aspects,
special inspections, unannounced inspections and off-site inspections to strengthen case prevention.
The quality and effectiveness of inspection and control in compliance risk and case were improved
significantly. Seventhly, the Company implemented the regulatory assessment results and opinion
and proactively rectified the problems identified during internal and external inspections with emphasis
on reiterate problems to facilitate problem rectification and improve management and regulatory
assessment. Eighthly, the Company strictly implemented internal control compliance assessment and
enhanced accountability to improve assessment system with higher stringency and punishment and
strengthen the compliance restrictions. Ninthly, business units established their own independent
compliance departments, set up specific positions and recruited professional talents. The Company
implemented verification management of occupational qualification and achieved significant progress in
internal compliance organisation and professional team building. Lastly, the Company strengthened its
technological capabilities, mechanism management system and off-site compliance inspection system,
and put the CONFIDENCE system in operation. The information management capability of internal
control and compliance was improved.
108   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     In respect of anti-money laundering management, the Company aimed to comprehensively optimise
money laundering risk management system and improve the effectiveness of anti-money laundering
management. Based on the implementation of new regulatory policies, the Company optimised three
major aspects of anti-money laundering, namely the system, management and operation, and their
effectiveness were comprehensively enhanced. Firstly, the Company refined the anti-money laundering
system which consisted of 27 policies applied to the whole Company based on the “Administrative
Measures on Anti-Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Risk of China Minsheng Bank (中國民生銀
行洗錢和恐怖融資風險管理辦法)”. The authoritativeness and effectiveness of such system were further
improved. Secondly, the Company refined the duty performance mechanism in anti-money laundering
of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management, clearly defined duties and approaches of the
Board, the Board of Supervisors and Senior Management, raised the level of the anti-money laundering
teams, and implemented the requirement of “anti-money laundering starts from the top”. Thirdly, the
Company put more resources in anti-money laundering by establishing the secondary department at
the Head Office and anti-money laundering centres at the branches. Fourthly, the Company established
mechanisms for stipulating anti-money laundering risk policies and risk evaluation, optimised risk
evaluation indicators and carried out the first money laundering risk evaluation for the whole Bank. Fifthly,
the Company further improved the inspection and evaluation mechanism for anti-money laundering,
carried out on-site inspections to all branches, Head Office departments and subsidiaries, and increased
assessment weight of anti-money laundering. Sixthly, the Company strengthened the management of
customer identification system and carried out special governance activities on information of its existing
customers to further solidify the foundation of anti-money laundering works. Seventhly, the Company
established mechanisms of suspicious activity report, monthly briefing on quality and active monitoring
and screening of risks, which further enhanced control and supervision of money laundering risk.
Eighthly, the Company further upgraded the functions of anti-money laundering system and successfully
integrated it with the second version of anti-money laundering monitoring system of the PBOC, which
optmised the monitoring model and system function in monitoring suspicious transactions, and achieved
automatic identification of customers from high risk countries. The AI-Based POC project of anti-money
laundering was also launched. Lastly, the Company continued to carry out anti-money laundering
promotion and trainings for all of its employees. Activities for the promotion month of anti-money
laundering of “Fighting the money laundering to build harmonious Minsheng Bank (打擊洗錢犯罪構建和
諧民生)” were organised to increase anti-money laundering awareness of all employees.


    During the Reporting Period, no domestic and overseas institutions or employees of the Company
were identified in participating or involving in money laundering and terrorist financing activities.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   109




                               Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


XI. Prospects and Measures

(I) Competition and development trend of the banking industry

     2020 is the final year for China to complete the process of building a moderately well-off society
in an all-round way and the final year of the 13th Five-Year Plan. Standing at the historical intersection
of the “two centenary goals”, the Chinese economy is facing a more complicated domestic and
international environment. In respect of the international market, in 2020, the outbreak of COVID-19
epidemic spreads to the whole world, causing significant impacts on both supply and demand sides.
Global financial markets started risk-aversion measures, and major economies adopted quantitative
easing policies. The global economic growth will slow down before the epidemic is under control.
Geopolitical risks will increase. In respect of the domestic market, the Chinese economy is still in a
stage of changing its development model, optimising its economic structure and transforming its growth
momentum. Various structural, institutional and cyclical issues will be intertwined. Together with the
temporary impact of the epidemic on the domestic economic development in the beginning of the year,
downward pressure on economy will continue throughout the year. However, the basic trend of steady
long-term growth for China’s economy remains unchanged at present and for a period to come. With
the high concern, rapid deployment and responsive measures by the CPC Central Committee and the
State Council, the situation of epidemic prevention and control continues to improve, and the production
and living orders are recovering. The impact of the epidemic is expected to concentrate in the first
quarter and will be limited in the longer period.


     In order to maintain social stability and reasonable economic development, more counter-cyclical
macro-economic adjustments are expected to be made, while macro-economic control is expected
to be more forward-looking, well-targeted, effective and flexible. Fiscal policies are expected to be
more proactive and effective to facilitate the epidemic prevention and control, as well as the social
and economic development. More focus will be put on structural adjustment and tax and surcharges
reduction results to fully perform the functions of fiscal fund in improving weak lines and protect the
bottom line of people’s livelihood. The sound monetary policy is expected to be more flexible with
reasonably sufficient liquidity and targeted support to optimise credit structure and reduce financing
costs, so as to provide precise financial services to the epidemic prevention and control, resumption
of work and production and healthy development of the real economy. The financial policy and the
monetary policy are expected to combine with the policies in relation to consumption, investment,
employment, industry and regions, to guide the investments into areas that have multiplier effect, such
as advanced manufacturing, construction of people’s livelihood, and weak links, which will benefit
both the supply side and the demand side, so as to boost the growth of economy and consumption.
Furthermore, during the period of economic transformation, structural adjustment and consumption
reform, the economic policies are expected to focus on promoting regulation through reform, eliminating
system and mechanism obstacles that constrained economic development, so as to revitalise
micro-economic entities. The central bank will continue to streamline the monetary policy transmission
110   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


mechanism, deepen the reform of interest rate liberalisation and improve the quotation and interest
rate setting mechanism of the loan market. Monetary policies and multiple other policy instruments
that are compatible of incentives and restrains will be introduced, along with differentiated regulatory
arrangements, to create a favourable loan environment of “willing to lend, dare to lend and capable to
lend (願貸、敢貸、能貸)”, so as to relieve the pressure of constraints in liquidity, capital and interest
rates faced by banks in their credit supply. The financial supply side structural reform will be further
enhanced to optimise the financial institution system, guide large bank to keep the common touch of
their services, encourage small and medium-sized banks to focus on their major business, while deepen
reforms of rural cooperatives and accelerate the introduction of foreign investments. The long-acting
mechanism for SME financing will be established and improved with expanded direct financing channels
and IT support, in an aim to fundamentally mitigate the difficulties and high cost of small and micro
enterprises and NSOEs in financing, and stimulate the economic vitality during the course of steady
growth and quality development.


     Against the backdrop of the complicated and changing domestic and international economic and
financial situation, the ongoing financial supply side structural reform and the favourable incentives of
regulatory policies, the overall operations of the banking industry will remain steady but might go a little
down in 2020. Banks will pursue balance between serving the real economy and preventing financial
risks. The new industrial development and market layout will bring, new requirements to the banking
industry. Competition will be more intensified and the industry will become more stratificated. To strike
a balance between monetary easing and risk control, the competition between banks will focus on
core pricing capabilities and asset quality. Quality banks will maintain their dominance or become even
stronger. In order to maintain steady and healthy operations, banks will accelerate the adjustment of
their customer structures and optimise their asset allocation, continue to innovate and enrich their
products and services, strengthen financial risk prevention and early-warning, continue to improve risk
pricing capabilities and interest rate risk management capabilities, comprehensively strengthen fintech
empowerment, further enhance their abilities to serve the real economy and their own competitive
strengths, and focus on long-term sustainable growth.


(II) Development strategies of the Company

     To cope with changes in external conditions and internal development demands, the Company
formulated the Overall Implementation Scheme for Reform and Transformation and the Three-Year
Development Plan of China Minsheng Bank (2018–2020) (《中國民生銀行改革轉型暨三年發展規劃整
體實施方案 (2018–2020)》). The Company is committed to becoming a benchmark bank with distinctive
features, increased value and continuous innovation. The Company strategically positions itself as a
bank for the NSOEs, a fintech-based bank and a bank of comprehensive services. 2020 is the critical
and final year of reform and transformation as well as the three-year development plan.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   111




                              Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     A bank for the NSOEs. The Company will firmly adhere to its NSOEs strategies. With its focus
on NSOEs and the people, the Company will focus on large- and medium-sized high-quality NSOEs,
enterprises along the upstream and downstream of the supply chain of core enterprises and small and
micro enterprises. Efforts will be made in six major areas, namely strengthening model transformation,
enhancing service capabilities, consolidating teamwork, enhancing technology empowerment,
upgrading marketing management and stabilising resources allocation. The Company will continue to
innovate business models and mechanisms, enhance its integrated, customised and comprehensive
financial services for the NSOE customers and their senior management, in an aim to become the host
bank and preferred bank of the NSOE customers.


     A fintech-based bank. In pursuit to become a “digital bank empowered by technology (科技引領，
數字民生)”, the Company will empower its business with fintech to facilitate reform. With the support of
dual driving forces of “technology+data”, the Company aims to launch digital, online and smart business
model. Extensive business innovations will be carried out by exploring and applying technologies such
as AI, big data and 5G. The Company will establish agile synergy mechanism between technology and
business, and set up innovative laboratory to promote product innovation and continuous upgrading.
The Company will build up competitive financial and non-financial eco-systems and digital perception
system to improve smart marketing, smart risk management and smart operation, and to create
core competitiveness of smart decision-making. The Company will accelerate the transformation of
its distributed, cloud-based and platform-based technology structure, to achieve channel synergies,
scenario-based middle office and platform for products and technology, so as to take a leading position
among the peers.


     A bank of comprehensive services. The Company will expedite its business layout diversification
to cover fields including trust, leasing, fund and asset management and achieve integrated and
comprehensive services of the Group. The Company also aims to establish a cross-selling and business
coordination mechanisms under its “One Minsheng” strategy to enhance the coordination between risk
management and business development and the differentiated synergy of asset allocation. Efforts will
be made to promote synergy and interaction between business segments, operating units, domestic
and overseas branches, and the parent company and subsidiaries. Through the integration of front,
middle and back offices, the Company will provide its customers with integrated and comprehensive
financial services, including “investment, lending and bonds”, “commercial banking+investment
banking+transaction banking” and “business financing+capital financing+intelligent financing”.
112   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


     In implementing the new three-year plan and the reform and transformation, the Company will stick
to the overall operation strategy of “stable growth, higher efficiency, stronger innovation, optimised
coordination and better risk control” based on the core principles of improving development quality
and efficiency. The Company will strengthen asset business, expand liability business and optimise
intermediary business, while consolidate its advantages in strategic businesses, including direct bank,
small business finance, investment bank, credit card, supply chain finance and asset management,
in an aim to transform itself from focusing on traditional businesses into a digital, light-capital and
comprehensive benchmark bank of the industry. In addition, the Company will exert greater efforts on
reform and innovation to make breakthroughs in mechanisms and systems of its major management
aspects, including efficient organisation, talent management 2.0 (人才管理2.0), differentiated asset
allocation and combined long-term and short-term evaluations and incentives, in an aim to stimulate
organisational vitality, establish a customer-centric operation and management system, comprehensively
improve its professional management and support the implementation of its business development
strategies.


     In 2020, in the face of various challenges, such as greater downward pressure of the macro-
economy, complicated and ever-changing international situations and asset management
transformation, the Company will continue to enhance its three major strategies and focus on serving the
supply-side structural reform and customers, preventing from financial risks and ensuring compliance.
The Company will provide greater financial support to the NSOEs, small and micro enterprises,
advanced manufacturing enterprises and agriculture and green credit. Through multiple measures
including deepening reforms, promoting development, restructuring business, controlling risks, boosting
growth, ensuring compliance, consolidating brand and enhancing Party building, the Company aims
to achieve organic development of high quality, efficiency and capabilities, and effectively improve its
capability to serve the real economy.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   113




                               Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation


(III) Potential risks

      Firstly, during the Reporting Period, due to increasing uncertainties caused by the global trade
frictions and geopolitical conflicts, along with the outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic, slowing down of
domestic economic growth, as well as the supply-side reform and the elimination of shadow banking,
some enterprises were faced with greater operational pressure and tighter cash flow. Banks were faced
with greater difficulties in asset quality management and control, especially in recovery and disposal
of non-performing assets. Secondly, during the Reporting Period, the central government repeatedly
emphasised to improve the quality and efficiency of financial industry in serving the real economy.
Commercial banks had to make targeted loan extensions to mitigate difficulties and high cost of NSOEs
and small and micro enterprises in financing, while had to avoid blind support and rushing loan extension
to prevent from uncompliant fund flow. Thirdly, during the Reporting Period, the exposure of some
peers to risks brought tighter regulatory supervision and higher requirements for risk management of
banks. Fourthly, mitigating existing risks in areas such as capital market, government platform and real
estate remained a long-term and protracted process that needs to be proceed in a prudent and orderly
manner. Fifthly, under the stringent regulatory environment, the compliance risks cannot be neglected.
Lastly, the interest spread between deposits and loans further narrowed down due to the accelerated
implementation of QE and LPR. Under the pressures on operating efficiency and asset quality, banks
had to reasonably balance the short-term and long-term revenues while ensuring investors’ return, and
to effectively control various risks of credit, market, operational, liquidity and information technology,
while improving its capabilities for sustainable development and profitability.


    Facing the new opportunities and challenges, the Company will prioritise risk prevention and control,
persist in compliant operations, and continue to enhance overall risk management to promote healthy
and orderly business development from the perspectives of philosophy, mechanism, culture, teams and
technologies.
114      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders

I. Ordinary Shares

(I) Changes in ordinary shares



                                                                                                                      (Unit: Share)
                                                                                     Changes over
                                                                                     the Reporting
                                                         31 December 2018             Period (+,-)         31 December 2019
                                                    Number of       Percentage        Number of       Number of         Percentage
                                                      shares           (%)              shares          shares             (%)
I. Shares subject to restriction on sales                      —                —                —               —                  —
      1. State-owned shares                                    —                —                —               —                  —
      2. State-owned legal person shares                       —                —                —               —                  —
      3. Other domestic shares                                 —                —                —               —                  —
         Of which:
         Held by domestic legal person                         —                —                —               —                  —
         Held by domestic natural person                       —                —                —               —                  —
      4. Foreign investor shares                               —                —                —               —                  —
         Of which:
         Held by overseas legal person                         —                —                —               —                  —
         Held by overseas natural person                       —                —                —               —                  —
II. Shares not subject to restriction on sales     43,782,418,502           100.00               —   43,782,418,502           100.00
      1. Ordinary shares in RMB                    35,462,123,213            81.00               —   35,462,123,213              81.00
      2. Domestic listed foreign invested shares               —                —                —               —                  —
      3. Overseas listed foreign invested shares    8,320,295,289            19.00               —    8,320,295,289              19.00
      4. Others                                                —                —                —               —                  —
III. Total number of ordinary shares               43,782,418,502           100.00               —   43,782,418,502           100.00



(II) Shares subject to restriction on sales and restrictions

    During the Reporting Period, no shareholder of the Company held shares subject to restriction on
sales.


II. Sufficiency of Public Float

     According to the public information available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors,
the Company has maintained sufficient public float as stipulated under the Hong Kong Listing Rules
during the Reporting Period.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019   115




                             Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


III. Issuance of Shares and Bonds During the Reporting Period

(I) Issuance of securities in the three years immediately before the end of the Reporting
Period

    Please refer to “(I) Issuance and listing of preference shares” under “V. Information on Preference
Shares in the Three Years Immediately Before the End of the Reporting Period” in this chapter.


(II) Total number of ordinary shares and changes in shareholding structure

    During the Reporting Period, there were no changes in the total number and structure of the
ordinary shares of the Company.


(III) Employee shares

    During the Reporting Period, the Company had no employee shares.


IV. Issuance of Corporate Financial Bonds, Subordinated Bonds, Hybrid Capital Bonds
and Tier-Two Capital Bonds

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has issued, redeemed and settled the following
outstanding bonds:


(I) Hybrid Capital Bonds of 2009

     Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2009] No. 16) (銀監覆[2009]16號) and
the approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2009] No. 8) (銀市
場許准予字[2009]第8號), the Company issued a total of RMB5,000 million hybrid capital bonds through
public offering in the national interbank bond market on 25 March 2009. As assessed by Dagong
International Credit Rating Company Limited, the credit rating of the hybrid capital bonds was AA+.
These hybrid capital bonds have a term of 15 years. Subject to the approval by the banking regulatory
authorities, the Company might exercise a one-off redemption of all or part of the bonds at par value
after the expiry of the 10th year but before the maturity of the bonds. The bonds comprised fixed interest
rate bonds and floating interest rate bonds. The fixed interest rate bonds (bond name: 09 Minsheng 01;
bond code: 090801), amounting to RMB3,325 million, were issued at an initial interest rate of 5.70%
and the interest rate for the remaining five years will increase by 300BP on top of the initial interest rate
 116   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




 Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


 applicable to the first 10 years if the Company does not exercise any redemption option. The floating
 interest rate bonds (bond name: 09 Minsheng 02; bond code: 090802) amounted to RMB1,675 million
 and the par interest rate per annum was based on the sum of a benchmark interest rate plus a basic
 spread. The benchmark interest rate was the one-year deposit rate published by the PBOC and the
 initial basic spread was 3%. If the Company does not exercise the early redemption option, an extra
 premium of 300BP will apply to the basic spread on a year-on-year basis from the 11th interest payment
 year.


     According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the issuance of bonds were fully accounted as
 supplementary capital of the Company. Pursuant to the Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional)
（《商業銀行資本管理辦法（試行）》) adopted by the former CBRC on 1 January 2013, the proceeds
 were accounted as tier-two capital of the Company based on required proportion. The use of the
 proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


     On 12 February 2019, the Company received the Opinion on the Early Redemption of Capital Bonds
 (Gu Fen Zhi Yin Hang Bu [2019] No. 15) (《關於提前贖回資本債券意見的函》                      （ 股份制銀行部[2019]15
 號）) issued by the CBIRC, pursuant to which the exercise of early redemption option of hybrid capital
 bonds with both fixed and floating interest rate by the Company was approved. In accordance with the
 requirement, the Company has published the Announcement regarding the Exercise of the Redemption
 Option of the Issuer in respect of the Hybrid Capital Bonds (Floating Interest Rate) of China Minsheng
 Bank of 2009 (《2009年中國民生銀行混合資本債券（浮動）發行人贖回選擇權行使公告》) and the
 Announcement regarding the Exercise of the Redemption Option of the Issuer of the Hybrid Capital
 Bonds (Fixed Interest Rate) of China Minsheng Bank of 2009 (《2009年中國民生銀行混合資本債券（固
 定）發行人贖回選擇權行使公告》) on www.chinabond.com.cn. The redemption of hybrid capital bonds
 of China Minsheng Bank of 2009 in the amount of RMB5,000 million was completed on 25 March 2019,
 and the prevailing interest of RMB264,900,000 was distributed to the bond investors.


 (II) Subordinated Bonds of 2011

     Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2010] No. 625) (銀監覆[2010]第625
 號) and the approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Zhun Yu Zi [2011] No.
 64) (銀市場准予字[2011]第64號), the Company issued a total of RMB10,000 million subordinated
 bonds through public offering in the national interbank bond market on 18 March 2011. As assessed by
 Dagong International Credit Rating Company Limited, the credit rating of the subordinated bonds was
 AAA. Two types of subordinated bonds were issued for terms of 10 years and 15 years, respectively.
 Type I Bonds (bond name: 11 Minsheng 01; bond code: 1108001), having a term of 10 years and
 amounting to RMB6,000 million, were issued at the coupon rate of 5.50% and were early redeemed
 on 18 March 2016, while Type II Bonds (bond name: 11 Minsheng 02; bond code: 1108002), having a
 term of 15 years and amounting to RMB4,000 million, were issued at the coupon rate of 5.70%. These
 subordinated bonds granted the issuer a one-off early redemption option, that is, subject to the approval
                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   117




                              Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


by the regulatory authorities of the banking industry, the Company might exercise a one-off redemption
of all or part of the bonds at par value after the expiry of the fifth year but before the maturity date of Type
I Bonds or after the expiry of the tenth year but before the maturity date of Type II Bonds. The exercise of
the early redemption option by the issuer is not subject to the consent of bond holders.


     According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the issuance of bonds were fully accounted as
 supplementary capital of the Company. Pursuant to the Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional)
(《商業銀行資本管理辦法（試行）》) adopted by the former CBRC on 1 January 2013, the proceeds
 were accounted as tier-two capital of the Company based on required proportion. The use of the
 proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


     On 18 March 2019, the prevailing interest of RMB228,000,000 was distributed to the bond investors
by the Company.


     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the 15-year subordinated bonds of China
Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. of 2011 was RMB4,000 million. During the Reporting Period, Dagong
International Credit Rating Company Limited conducted the annual tracking and rating of the bonds and
issued a corresponding report on 29 July 2019 with the bond rating of AAA, which was the same as the
report of previous year. (For details, please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn)


(III) Tier-Two Capital Bonds of 2014

     Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2013] No.570) (銀監覆[2013]570號)
and the approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2014] No.6)
(銀市場許准予字[2014]第6號), the Company issued tier-two capital bonds (bond name: 14 Minsheng
Tier-Two; bond code: 1428003) with a total amount of RMB20,000 million through public offering in the
national interbank bond market on 18 March 2014. As assessed by Dagong International Credit Rating
Company Limited, the credit rating of the tier-two capital bonds was AAA. These tier-two capital bonds
were issued for a term of 10 years with fixed coupon rate of 6.60%. The interest was payable on an
annual basis. The tier-two capital bonds granted the issuer a one-off early redemption option. As long
as the capital level of the Company is in compliance with the capital regulation requirements under the
former CBRC upon the exercise of redemption option, the Company may, subject to the approval by
the regulatory authorities of the banking industry, exercise one-off redemption for all or part of the bonds
at par value at the last day of the fifth interest bearing year of the bonds. If the bonds fail to meet the
standards of tier-two capital instruments due to changes of regulatory requirements during the term
of the bonds, the Company may exercise early redemption option, subject to the prevailing regulatory
requirements and approval of the regulatory authorities of the banking industry. The exercise of early
redemption option by the issuer is not subject to the consent of bond holders.
118   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


     According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the bonds were fully accounted as tier-two capital
of the Company. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


    On 12 February 2019, the Company received the Opinion on the Early Redemption of Capital Bonds
(Gu Fen Zhi Yin Hang Bu [2019] No. 15) (《關於提前贖回資本債券意見的函》                   （ 股份制銀行部[2019]15
號）) issued by the CBIRC, pursuant to which the exercise of early redemption of tier-two capital bonds
by the Company was approved. In accordance with the requirement, the Company has published the
Announcement Regarding the Exercise of the Redemption Option of the Issuer in respect of the Tier-
Two Capital Bonds of China Minsheng Bank Corp., Ltd. of 2014 (《2014年中國民生銀行有限公司二
級資本債券發行人贖回選擇權行使公告》) on www.chinabond.com.cn. The redemption of tier-two
capital bonds of China Minsheng Bank of 2014 in the amount of RMB20,000 million was completed on
20 March 2019, and the prevailing interest of RMB1,320,000,000 was distributed to the bond investors.


(IV) Tier-Two Capital Bonds of 2015

      Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2015] No.136) (銀監覆[2015]136號) and
the approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2015] No.54) (銀
市場許准予字[2015]第54號), the Company issued tier-two capital bonds (bond name: 15 Minsheng
Tier-Two; bond code: 1528002) with a total amount of RMB20,000 million through public offering in the
national interbank bond market on 28 April 2015. As assessed by Dagong International Credit Rating
Company Limited, the credit rating of the tier-two capital bonds was AAA. These tier-two capital bonds
were issued for a term of 10 years with fixed coupon rate of 5.40%. The interest was payable on an
annual basis. The tier-two capital bonds granted the issuer a one-off early redemption option. As long
as the capital level of the Company is in compliance with the capital regulation requirements under the
former CBRC upon the exercise of redemption option, the Company may, subject to the approval by the
regulatory authorities of the banking industry, exercise one-off redemption of all or part of the bonds at
par value at last day of the fifth interest bearing year of the bonds. If the bonds fail to meet the standards
of tier-two capital instruments due to changes of regulatory requirements during the term of the bonds,
the Company may exercise early redemption option, subject to the prevailing regulatory requirements
and approval of the banking regulatory authorities. The exercise of early redemption option by the issuer
is not subject to the consent of bond holders.


     According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the bonds were fully accounted as tier-two capital
of the Company. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   119




                             Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


     On 29 April 2019, the prevailing interest of RMB1,080,000,000 was distributed to the bond investors
by the Company.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the tier-two capital bonds of China Minsheng
Banking Corp., Ltd. of 2015 was RMB20,000 million. During the Reporting Period, Dagong International
Credit Rating Company Limited conducted the annual tracking and rating of the bonds and issued a
corresponding report on 29 July 2019 with the bond rating of AAA, which was the same as the previous
year. (For details, please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn)


(V) Tier-Two Capital Bonds of 2016

     Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2016] No. 119) (銀監覆[2016]119號) and
the approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2016] No.116) (銀
市場許准予字[2016]第116號), the Company issued tier-two capital bonds (bond name: 16 Minsheng
Tier-Two; bond code: 1628014) with a total amount of RMB20,000 million through public offering in the
national interbank bond market on 30 August 2016. As assessed by Dagong International Credit Rating
Company Limited, the credit rating of the tier-two capital bonds was AAA. These tier-two capital bonds
were issued for a term of 10 years with fixed coupon rate of 3.50%. The interest was payable on an
annual basis. The tier-two capital bonds granted the issuer a one-off early redemption option. As long
as the capital level of the Company is in compliance with the capital regulation requirements under the
former CBRC upon the exercise of redemption option, the Company may, subject to the approval by
the regulatory authorities of the banking industry, exercise one-off redemption of all or part of the bonds
at par value at the last day of the fifth interest bearing year of the bonds. If the bonds fail to meet the
standards of tier-two capital instruments due to changes of regulatory requirements during the term
of the bonds, the Company may exercise early redemption option, subject to the prevailing regulatory
requirements and approval of the banking regulatory authorities. The exercise of early redemption option
by the issuer is not subject to the consent of bond holders.


     According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the bonds were fully accounted as tier-two capital
of the Company. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


    On 31 August 2019, the prevailing interest of RMB700,000,000 was distributed to the bond
investors by the Company.
120   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the tier-two capital bonds of China Minsheng
Banking Corp., Ltd. of 2016 was RMB20,000 million. During the Reporting Period, Dagong International
Credit Rating Company Limited conducted the annual tracking and rating of the bonds and issued a
corresponding report on 29 July 2019 with the bond rating of AAA, which was the same as the previous
year. (For details, please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn)


(VI) Financial Bonds of 2016

     Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2015] No.683) (銀監覆[2015]683號) and
the approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2016] No.161)
(銀市場許准予字[2016]第161號), the Company issued the first installment of financial bonds (bond
name: 16 Minsheng Bank 01; bond code: 1628017) with a total amount of RMB20,000 million through
public offering in the national interbank bond market on 27 October 2016. As assessed by Dagong
International Credit Rating Company Limited, the credit rating of the financial bonds was AAA. These
financial capital bonds were issued for a term of three years with fixed coupon rate of 2.95%. The
interest was payable on an annual basis. According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the bonds
were used for loan extension, including, but not limited to, loans to small and micro enterprises and
agricultural loans. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


   On 28 October 2019, the prevailing interest of RMB590,000,000 was distributed and the principal of
RMB20,000 million was paid to the bond investors by the Company.


(VII) Financial Bonds of 2017

     Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2015] No. 683)(銀監覆[2015]683號) and
the approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2016] No.161)
(銀市場許准予字[2016]第161號), the Company issued the financial bonds (bond name: 17 Minsheng
Bank 01; bond code: 1728004) with a total amount of RMB30,000 million through public offering in the
national interbank bond market on 7 March 2017. As assessed by Dagong International Credit Rating
Company Limited, the credit rating of the financial bonds was AAA. These financial capital bonds were
issued for a term of three years with fixed coupon rate of 4.00%. The interest was payable on an annual
basis.


    According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the issuance of bonds were used for loan
extension, including, but not limited to, loans to small and micro enterprises and agricultural loans. The
use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


    On 9 March 2019, the prevailing interest of RMB1,200,000,000 was distributed to the bond
investors by the Company.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   121




                             Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the first installment of the financial bonds of
China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. of 2017 was RMB30,000 million. During the Reporting Period,
Dagong International Credit Rating Company Limited conducted the annual tracking and rating of the
bonds and issued a corresponding report on 29 July 2019 with the bond rating of AAA, which was the
same as the previous year. (For details, please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn)


(VIII) Tier-Two Capital Bonds of 2017

     Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2017] No. 178) (銀監覆[2017]178
號) and the approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2017]
No.140) (銀市場許准予字[2017]第140號), the Company issued the first installment of tier-two capital
bonds of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. of 2017 (bond name: 17 Minsheng Tier-Two 01; bond
code: 1728016) in an amount of RMB15,000 million and the second installment of tier-two capital
bonds of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. of 2017 (bond name: 17 Minsheng Tier-Two 02; bond
code: 1728023) in an amount of RMB15,000 million through public offering in the national interbank
bond market on 12 September 2017 and 27 November 2017, respectively. As assessed by Dagong
International Credit Rating Company Limited, the credit rating of the two installments of tier-two capital
bonds was AAA. The two installments of tier-two capital bonds were issued for a term of 10 years with
fixed coupon rate of 4.70%. The interest was payable on an annual basis. The two installments of tier-
two capital bonds granted the issuer a one-off early redemption option. As long as the capital level of
the Company is in compliance with the capital regulation requirements under the former CBRC upon the
exercise of redemption option, the Company may, subject to the approval by the regulatory authorities of
the banking industry, exercise one-off redemption of all or part of the bonds at par value at the last day
of the fifth interest bearing year of the bonds. If the bonds fail to meet the standards of tier-two capital
instruments due to changes of regulatory requirements during the term of the bonds, the Company may
exercise early redemption option, subject to the prevailing regulatory requirements and approval of the
former CBRC. The exercise of early redemption option by the issuer is not subject to the consent of
bond holders.


    According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the issuance of the two installments of bonds
were fully accounted as tier-two capital of the Company. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the
prospectus.


     On 14 September 2019, the prevailing interest of RMB705,000,000 was distributed to the investors
of the first installment of bonds by the Company. On 29 November 2019, the prevailing interest of
RMB705,000,000 was distributed to the investors of the second installment of bonds by the Company.
122   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the first installment and second installment of
tier-two capital bonds of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. of 2017 was RMB30,000 million. During
the Reporting Period, Dagong International Credit Rating Company Limited conducted the annual
tracking and rating of the bonds and issued a corresponding report on 29 July 2019 with the bond rating
of AAA, which was the same as the previous year. (For details, please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn)


(IX) Special Financial Bonds for Small and Micro Enterprises of 2018

      Pursuant to the approval by the CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2018] No.189) (銀保監覆[2018]189號) and
the approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2018] No.211) (銀
市場許准予字[2018]第211號), the Company issued the first and second installments of special financial
bonds for small and micro enterprises with a total amount of RMB60,000 million through public offering
in the national interbank bond market on 19 November 2018 and 12 December 2018, respectively.
As assessed by Dagong International Credit Rating Company Limited, the credit ratings of the two
installments of financial bonds were AAA. The first installment of the financial bonds of China Minsheng
Bank of 2018 (bond name: 18 Minsheng Bank 01; bond code: 1828016), amounting to RMB40,000
million, was issued on 19 November 2018 for a term of three years with fixed coupon rate of 3.83%.
The interest was payable on an annual basis. The second installment of the financial bonds of China
Minsheng Bank of 2018 (bond name: 18 Minsheng Bank 02; bond code: 1828020), amounting to
RMB20,000 million, was issued on 12 December 2018 for a term of three years with fixed coupon rate of
3.76%. The interest was payable on an annual basis.


     On 22 November 2019, the prevailing interest of RMB1,532,000,000 was distributed to the
investors of the first installment of bonds by the Company. On 14 December 2019, the prevailing
interest of RMB752,000,000 was distributed to the investors of the second installment of bonds by the
Company.


     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the first installment and second installment of
the financial bonds of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. of 2018 was RMB60,000 million. During the
Reporting Period, Dagong International Credit Rating Company Limited conducted the annual tracking
and rating of the bonds and issued a corresponding report on 29 July 2019 with the bond rating of AAA,
which was the same as the previous year. (For details, please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn)
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   123




                             Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


(X) Tier-Two Capital Bonds of 2019

      Pursuant to the approval by the CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2018] No. 469) (銀保監覆[2018]469號)
and the approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2019] No.5)
(銀市場許准予字[2019]第5號), the Company issued the first installment of tier-two capital bonds of
China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. of 2019 with a total amount of RMB40,000 million (bond name:
19 Minsheng Tier-Two 01; bond code: 1928002) through public offering in the national interbank bond
market on 27 February 2019. As assessed by Golden Credit Rating International Co., Ltd., the credit
rating of this installment of tier-two capital bonds was AAA (please refer to www.chinabond.com.
cn for details). This installment of tier-two capital bonds were issued for a term of 10 years with fixed
coupon rate of 4.48%. The interest shall be paid on an annual basis. The issuer shall have a conditional
redemption option at the end of the fifth year. As long as the capital level of the Company is in
compliance with the regulatory capital requirements under the CBIRC upon the exercise of redemption
option, the Company may, subject to the approval by the CBIRC, exercise one-off redemption of all or
part of the bonds at par value at the last day of the fifth interest bearing year of the bonds. If the bonds
fail to meet the standards of tier-two capital instruments due to changes of regulatory requirements
during the term of the bonds, the Company may exercise early redemption option, subject to the
prevailing regulatory requirements at that time and approval of the CBIRC. The exercise of early
redemption option by the Company is not subject to the consent of bond holders.


    According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the issuance of bonds were fully accounted as tier-
two capital of the Company. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the first installment of tier-two capital bonds of
China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. of 2019 was RMB40,000 million.
124   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


(XI) Undated Capital Bonds of 2019

     Pursuant to the approval by the CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2019] No. 485) (銀保監覆[2019]485號) and
the approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2019] No.75) (銀市
場許准予字[2019]第75號), the Company issued the undated capital bonds of China Minsheng Banking
Corp., Ltd. of 2019 in a total amount of RMB40,000 million (bond name: 19 Minsheng Perpetual Bond;
bond code: 1928013) through public offering in the national interbank bond market on 31 May 2019.
As assessed by Golden Credit Rating International Co., Ltd., the credit rating of the undated capital
bonds was AAA (please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn for details). The undated capital bonds were
write-down capital bonds with issuing coupon rate of 4.85%, subject to adjustment at different intervals.
The bonds will continue to be outstanding so long as the issuer’s business continues to operate. The
coupon rate shall be adjusted every five years from the payment due date. The interest shall be paid at
the same agreed rate in each adjustment period of coupon rate. The interest shall be paid on an annual
basis. The issuance of bonds provides conditional redemption by the issuer. After the expiry of five
years from the date of issuance, the issuer shall have the right to redeem all or part of the bonds on the
interest payment date of each year (inclusive of the interest payment date of the fifth year after the date
of issuance). Upon the issuance of the bonds, in the event that the bonds are not classified as other tier-
one capital bonds due to unpredictable changes in regulations, the issuer shall have the right to redeem
the bonds fully instead of partly.


    According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the issuance of bonds were fully accounted as
other tier-one capital of the Company. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


   As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the undated capital bonds of China Minsheng
Banking Corp., Ltd. of 2019 was RMB40,000 million.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   125




                           Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


V. Information on Preference Shares in the Three Years Immediately Before the End of
the Reporting Period

(I) Issuance and listing of preference shares

     For the purpose of improving capital structure of the Company, providing capital support to
the implementation of all strategies, improving capital adequacy ratio and promoting continuous
development, pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2016] No.168) (銀監覆
[2016]168號) and the approval by the CSRC (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2019] No.1158) (證監許可[2019]1158
號), the Company issued preference shares (preference shares name: Minsheng Preference 1; code:
360037) in the amount of 200 million shares to qualified investors on 15 October 2019 through a private
offering in the domestic market. The nominal value of the preference shares was RMB100 per share
and the preference shares were issued at par, which amounted at RMB20,000 million in total. The net
proceeds raised from the domestic preference shares issuance were approximately RMB19,970 million,
after deduction of issuance expenses, all of which will be used for replenishment of the other tier 1
capital of the Company. The use of proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


    For the issuance terms of the preference shares, please refer to the announcements of the
Company published on the website of the SSE, the HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of
the Company.


(II) Number of holders of preference shares and particulars of shareholding

   As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of holders of preference shares (or nominees)
was 22. As at the end of the month prior to the disclosure date of this Annual Report (i.e. 28 February
2020), the number of holders of preference shares (or nominees) of the Company was 22.
126      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


1. Offshore preference shares

    Particulars of shareholding of the top 10 holder(s) of offshore preference shares (or nominees) of the
Company are set out as follows (the following data was based on the registered holders of the offshore
preference shares as at 31 December 2019):


                                                                                                                                           (Unit: Share)
                                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                        Changes over                             shares subject Number of
                                     Type of                            the Reporting Shareholding   Number of to restriction on shares pledged
 Name of shareholder              shareholder Class of share                Period    percentage (%) shares held   sales held     or locked-up
                                Overseas      Offshore
 The Bank of New York Mellon      legal         preference
   Depository (Nominees) Limited person         shares                              —               100       71,950,000               —          Unknown

Notes:

1.        The number of shares held by the offshore preference shareholder was recorded in accordance with the register of holders of offshore preference
          shares of the Company;

2.        As the preference shares were issued through private offering in offshore market, information of nominees of the allotted investors was recorded on
          the register of holders of the preference shares;

3.        The Company does not know if there is any related relationship or concerted action among the above holder of offshore preference shares and the
          top 10 shareholders of ordinary shares.



2. Domestic preference shares

    Particulars of shareholding of the top 10 holders of domestic preference shares of the Company are
set out as follows (the following data was based on the registered holders of the domestic preference
shares as at 31 December 2019):
                                                                                                                                           (Unit: Share)
                                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                          Changes                                       shares                Number of
                                                                           over the      Shareholding                  subject to               shares
                                         Type of           Class          Reporting       percentage       Number of restriction on           pledged or
 No. Name of shareholder               shareholder        of share          Period            (%)          shares held sales held             locked-up
 1       Bosera Fund — ABC           Others           Domestic                      —             15.00      30,000,000                —                Nil
           — Agricultural Bank                          preference
           of China Limited                             shares
 2       CCB Trust Co., Ltd.         Others           Domestic                      —             10.00      20,000,000                —                Nil
           — “Qian Yuan                                 preference
           — Ri Xin Yue Yi”                             shares
           Open-Ended Wealth
           Management Single
           Fund Trust
 3       Bosera Fund — ICBC          Others           Domestic                      —             10.00      20,000,000                —                Nil
           — Bosera — ICBC                              preference
           — Flexible Allocation                        shares
           No. 5 Specific Multi-
           Customer Assets
           Management Plan
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   127




                                  Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


                                                                                                   Number of
                                                            Changes                                 shares        Number of
                                                             over the   Shareholding               subject to       shares
                                 Type of         Class      Reporting    percentage    Number of restriction on   pledged or
No. Name of shareholder        shareholder      of share      Period         (%)       shares held sales held     locked-up
4    China Post & Capital     Others         Domestic               —          9.00     18,000,000           —             Nil
       Fund — Huaxia Bank                      preference
       — Huaxia Bank                           shares
       Co., Ltd.
5    Ping An Property &       Others         Domestic               —          7.00     14,000,000           —             Nil
       Casualty Insurance                      preference
       Company of China,                       shares
       Ltd. — Traditional
       — General Insurance
       Product
6    China Life Insurance     Others         Domestic               —          5.00     10,000,000           —             Nil
       Company Limited                         preference
       — Traditional                           shares
       — General Insurance
       Product — 005L
       — CT001SH
7    Ping An Property &       Others         Domestic               —          5.00     10,000,000           —             Nil
       Casualty Insurance                      preference
       Company of China,                       shares
       Ltd. — Self-Owned
       Funds
8    Taiping Life Insurance   Others         Domestic               —          5.00     10,000,000           —             Nil
       Co., Ltd.                               preference
       — Traditional                           shares
       — General Insurance
       Product — 022L
       — CT001SH
9    China CITIC Bank         Others         Domestic               —          5.00     10,000,000           —             Nil
       Corporation Limited                     preference
       — Le Ying Series                        shares
       of CITIC Wealth
       Management Products
10   Taiping Assets           Others         Domestic               —          5.00     10,000,000           —             Nil
       Management                              preference
       — ICBC                                  shares
       — Taiping Asset
       Win No.21 Asset
       Management Product
128       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


Notes:

1.        The number of shares held by the domestic preference shareholders was recorded in accordance with the register of holders of domestic
          preference shares of the Company;

2.        Based on publicly available information and after a preliminary assessment, the Company considered that there was related relationship between
          “Bosera Fund — ABC — Agricultural Bank of China Limited” and “Bosera Fund — ICBC — Bosera — ICBC — Flexible Allocation No. 5 Specific
          Multi-Customer Assets Management Plan”; there was related relationship between “Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance Company of China, Ltd.
          — Traditional — General Insurance Product” and “Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance Company of China, Ltd. — Self-Owned Funds”; there
          was relationship between “Taiping Life Insurance Co., Ltd. — Traditional — General Insurance Product — 022L — CT001SH” and “Taiping Assets
          Management — ICBC — Taiping Asset Win No.21 Asset Management Product”. Save as disclosed above, the Company does not know if there
          is any related relationship or concerted action among the above holders of domestic preference shares and the top 10 shareholders of ordinary
          shares;

3.        “Shareholding percentage” refers to the percentage of the number of shares held by the holders of domestic preference shares to the total number
          of domestic preference shares of the Company.




(III) Other information on the preference shares

    During the Reporting Period, no preference shares of the Company have been repurchased,
converted into ordinary shares nor have their voting rights restored.


     The dividend of the preference shares of the Company was payable in cash on an annual basis.
Any fraction of dividends not paid to holders of preference shares will not be accumulated to the
following dividend year. The holders of preference shares will receive dividends at the agreed coupon
rate, and they shall not be entitled to participate in the distribution of remaining profit with ordinary
shareholders. Pursuant to the resolution and authorisation passed at the first extraordinary general
meeting for 2016, the first A share class meeting for 2016 and the first H share class meeting for 2016,
the profit distribution plan for the offshore preference shares was considered and approved at the
19th meeting of the seventh session of the Board on 30 October 2019. According to the term of the
issuance of the offshore preference shares, the Company distributed dividends of USD79,145,000 (tax
inclusive) to the holders of offshore preference shares of the Company whose name appeared on the
register of members on the record date on 16 December 2019. The aforementioned dividends for the
offshore preference shares amount to approximately RMB559 million (tax inclusive) according to the
exchange rate on the date of declaration of such dividend distribution. According to relevant PRC laws
and regulations, when the Company distributes dividends for the offshore preference shares, it shall
withhold and pay income tax at the rate of 10%. According to the relevant requirements of the terms and
conditions of the offshore preference shares of the Company, the Company shall bear such tax as part
of the dividends for the offshore preference shares.


         During the Reporting Period, the Company did not pay any dividend of domestic preference shares.


    For details of the distribution of dividends for the preference shares, please refer to the
announcements of the Company published on the website of the SSE, the HKEXnews website of the
SEHK and the website of the Company.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2019      129




                                        Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


     According to the requirements promulgated by the Ministry of Finance, such as the Accounting
Standards for Business Enterprises No.37 — Presentation of Financial Instruments (《企業會計準則第
37號 — 金融工具列報》), there was no need for the issued and existing domestic preference shares
of the Company to be settled through delivery of cash or other financial assets or exchange of financial
assets or financial liabilities. In the future, the Company will have no obligation to deliver a variable
quantity of its equity instruments as other equity instruments for accounting purpose.


VI. Shareholders

(I) The table below sets out the top 10 shareholders of the Company and their shareholdings:

                                                                                                                           (Unit: Share)
Total number of ordinary shareholders at the end of the Reporting Period                                                       373,372
Total number of ordinary shareholders at the end of the month immediately prior
  to the disclosure of the Annual Report                                                                                       380,776

 Particulars of shareholding of the top 10 ordinary shareholders
                                                                          Number of
                                                                       shares held as at                  Number of
                                                                            the end      Changes over     shares held          Number
                                                          Shareholding of the Reporting the Reporting      subject to         of shares
Name of shareholder                 Type of shareholder percentage (%)       Period         Period         restriction        pledged
HKSCC Nominees Limited                     Others            18.90       8,275,741,114      -7,127,840                 —          Unknown
Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd.     Domestic legal person    10.30       4,508,984,567              —                  —                Nil
  — Conservative Investment
  Portfolio
Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd.     Domestic legal person          6.49   2,843,300,122              —               —                  Nil
  — Steady Investment
  Portfolio
China Oceanwide Holdings             Domestic non-state-           4.61   2,019,182,618              —               —       2,015,582,617
  Group Co., Ltd.                     owned legal person
Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin             Domestic non-state-           4.26   1,865,558,336   1,127,639,880              —       1,863,333,321
  Investment Holding Co., Ltd.        owned legal person
New Hope Liuhe                       Domestic non-state-           4.18   1,828,327,362              —               —                  Nil
  Investment Co., Ltd.                owned legal person
Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.    Domestic non-state-           3.15   1,379,679,587              —               —       1,379,678,400
                                      owned legal person
 Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.     Domestic non-state-           3.14   1,375,763,341              —               —                  Nil
   — Universal Insurance              owned legal person
   Product
 China Shipowners Mutual             Domestic non-state-           3.02   1,324,284,453      9,999,977               —                  Nil
   Assurance Association              owned legal person
 Orient Group Incorporation          Domestic non-state-           2.92   1,280,117,123              —               —       1,278,009,488
                                      owned legal person
130      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


 Shareholding of top 10 holders of ordinary shares not subject to restriction on sales
                                                                                          Number of shares
                                                                                          held not subject to
 Name of shareholder                                                                     restriction on sales              Class of shares
 HKSCC Nominees Limited                                                                          8,275,741,114                  H shares
 Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd.                                                                 4,508,984,567                  A shares
    — Conservative Investment Portfolio
 Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd.                                                                 2,843,300,122                  A shares
    — Steady Investment Portfolio
 China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd.                                                        2,019,182,618                  A shares
 Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin Investment Holding Co., Ltd.                                           1,865,558,336                  A shares
 New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.                                                             1,828,327,362                  A shares
 Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.                                                               1,379,679,587                  A shares
 Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.                                                                 1,375,763,341                  A shares
    — Universal Insurance Product
 China Shipowners Mutual Assurance Association                                                   1,324,284,453                  A shares
 Orient Group Incorporation                                                                      1,280,117,123                  A shares
 Statement on the related                                      Orient Group Incorporation and Huaxia Life Insurance Co.,
   relationship or concerted actions                           Ltd. had entered into an agreement on concerted actions.
   among the aforesaid shareholders                            The Company is not aware of any related relationship among
                                                               shareholders save as mentioned above.

Notes:

1.	The number of shares held by holders of H shares was recorded in the register of members as kept by the H share registrar of the Company;

2.	HKSCC Nominees Limited acted as an agent, representing the total amount of H shares held by all institutional and individual investors that
         registered in the account of such investors as at 31 December 2019;

3.	Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd. has been renamed as Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd., and its shareholding account is still subject to completion of
         the change of name procedure at China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited (Shanghai Branch).
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2019      131




                                     Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


(II) Interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company under
Hong Kong laws and regulations

    As at 31 December 2019, the following persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief
executive of the Company) had the following interests or short position in the shares of the Company as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO and as
the Company is aware of:


                                                                                                         Percentage of     Percentage of
                                     Long/                                                                the relevant     all the issued
Name of                      Class   short                                       Number                  shares in issue ordinary shares
substantial shareholder of shares position             Capacity                 of shares      Notes          (%)               (%)
Dajia Life Insurance          A       Long   Beneficial owner                 7,352,284,689      1               20.73              16.79
  Co., Ltd.


                              H       Long   Beneficial owner                   457,930,200      1                  5.50              1.05


Dajia Insurance               A       Long   Interest held by the             7,352,284,689      1               20.73              16.79
  Group Co., Ltd.                              corporation(s) controlled by
                                               this substantial shareholder


                              H       Long   Interest held by the               457,930,200      1                  5.50              1.05
                                               corporation(s) controlled by
                                               this substantial shareholder


Orient Group Co., Ltd.        A       Long   Party to the acting in concert   3,048,721,959      2                  8.60              6.96
                                               agreement


Orient Group Incorporation    A       Long   Party to the acting in concert   3,048,721,959*     2                  8.60              6.96
                                               agreement


Huaxia Life Insurance         A       Long   Party to the acting in concert   3,048,721,959*     2                  8.60              6.96
  Co., Ltd.                                    agreement


China Oceanwide Holdings      A       Long   Beneficial owner                 2,019,182,618    3 and 4              5.69              4.61
  Group Co., Ltd.


Oceanwide Group               A       Long   Interest held by the             2,019,182,618    3 and 4              5.69              4.61
  Co., Ltd.                                    corporation(s) controlled by
                                               this substantial shareholder
132      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


                                                                                                            Percentage of     Percentage of
                                      Long/                                                                  the relevant     all the issued
Name of                     Class     short                                         Number                  shares in issue ordinary shares
substantial shareholder of shares position              Capacity                   of shares      Notes          (%)               (%)
Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd.     A       Long    Interest held by the               2,019,182,618    3 and 4              5.69              4.61
                                                corporation(s) controlled by
                                                this substantial shareholder


New Hope Group Co., Ltd.      A       Long    Interest held by the               1,930,715,189*   5 and 8              5.44              4.41
                                                corporation(s) controlled by
                                                this substantial shareholder


New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd.      A       Long    Interest held by the               1,828,327,362*     5                  5.16              4.18
                                                corporation(s) controlled by
                                                this substantial shareholder


New Hope Liuhe Investment     A       Long    Beneficial owner                   1,828,327,362*     5                  5.16              4.18
  Co., Ltd.


Li Wei                        A       Long    Interest held by the               1,930,715,189*   6 and 8              5.44              4.41
                                                corporation(s) controlled by
                                                the spouse of this substantial
                                                shareholder


Liu Chang                     A       Long    Interest held by the               1,930,715,189*   7 and 8              5.44              4.41
                                                corporation(s) controlled by
                                                this substantial shareholder


Oceanwide International       H       Long    Beneficial owner                     604,300,950
  Equity Investment
  Limited


                                      Long    Interest held by the                 408,000,000
                                                corporation(s) controlled by
                                                this substantial shareholder
                                                                                 1,012,300,950      9               12.17                2.31


                                      Short   Beneficial owner                     422,554,615      9                  5.08              0.97
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2019      133




                                      Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


                                                                                                        Percentage of     Percentage of
                                      Long/                                                              the relevant     all the issued
Name of                       Class   short                                     Number                  shares in issue ordinary shares
substantial shareholder of shares position               Capacity               of shares     Notes          (%)               (%)
Shi Jing                       H       Long    Person who set up a              798,024,133 10 and 11              9.59              1.82
                                                 discretionary trust


Abhaya Limited                 H       Long    Interest held by the             798,024,133 10 and 11              9.59              1.82
                                                 corporation(s) controlled by
                                                 this substantial shareholder


Wickhams Cay Trust             H       Long    Trustee                          798,024,133 10 and 11              9.59              1.82
  Company Limited


Divine Celestial Limited       H       Long    Interest held by the             713,501,653    10                  8.58              1.63
                                                 corporation(s) controlled by
                                                 this substantial shareholder


JH International Investment    H       Long    Beneficial owner                 713,501,653    10                  8.58              1.63
  Limited


Guotai Junan International     H       Long    Interest held by the             751,524,200 12 and 13              9.03              1.72
  Holdings Limited                               corporation(s) controlled by
                                                 this substantial shareholder


                                       Short   Interest held by the             703,204,200 12 and 13              8.45              1.61
                                                 corporation(s) controlled by
                                                 this substantial shareholder


Guotai Junan Securities        H       Long    Interest held by the             751,524,200 12 and 13              9.03              1.72
  Co., Ltd.                                      corporation(s) controlled by
                                                 this substantial shareholder


                                       Short   Interest held by the             703,204,200 12 and 13              8.45              1.61
                                                 corporation(s) controlled by
                                                 this substantial shareholder


BlackRock, Inc.                H       Long    Interest held by the             421,194,210    14                  5.06              0.96
                                                 corporation(s) controlled by
                                                 this substantial shareholder


                                       Short   Interest held by the               1,083,600    14                  0.01            0.002
                                                 corporation(s) controlled by
                                                 this substantial shareholder
134       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


*        As far as the Company is aware, the above numbers of shares reflected the interests or short positions of the relevant substantial shareholders as
         at 31 December 2019. However, these numbers of shares were not reported in the disclosure forms completed by these substantial shareholders
         because the changes in their interests did not result in a disclosure obligation in accordance with the SFO.

Notes:

1.       Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. was deemed to have interests in the 7,352,284,689 A shares and 457,930,200 H shares of the Company by virtue of
         its control over 99.98% of the issued share capital of Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.

         The interests that Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. and Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. held in the 7,352,284,689 A shares and 457,930,200 H shares, as
         set out in the above table, were from the same block of shares.

2.       The interests that Orient Group Co., Ltd. (which held 35,000,000 A shares of the Company), Orient Group Incorporation (which held 1,280,117,123 A
         shares of the Company) and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (which held 1,733,604,836 A shares of the Company) held in the 3,048,721,959 A shares,
         as set out in the above table, were deemed to be jointly owned by the three parties after they had become persons acting in concert.

3.       The 2,019,182,618 A shares were held by China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd., of which 98% of the issued share capital was held by
         Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd., which was wholly-owned by Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd. Mr. Lu Zhiqiang (a Non-Executive Director of the Company) held
         77.14% of the issued share capital of Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd.

         According to the SFO, Mr. Lu Zhiqiang, Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd. and Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd. were deemed to have interests in the
         2,019,182,618 A shares held by China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (Mr. Lu Zhiqiang’s interests in shares are disclosed in this Annual Report
         in the section headed “Interests of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives in the securities of the Company or its associated corporations
         under Hong Kong laws and regulations”).

4.       The interests that China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd., Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd. and Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd. held in the 2,019,182,618 A
         shares, as set out in the above table, were from the same block of shares.

5.       The 1,930,715,189 A shares comprised 102,387,827 A shares directly held by South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. and 1,828,327,362 A shares directly
         held by New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd. 51% of the issued share capital of South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. was held by New Hope Group Co.,
         Ltd., while New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd. was held as to 25% and 75% of its issued share capital by New Hope Group Co., Ltd. and New
         Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd., respectively. 24.86% and 29.08% of the issued share capital of New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd. were held by New Hope Group Co.,
         Ltd. and South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd., respectively.

         According to the SFO, New Hope Group Co., Ltd. was deemed to have interests in the 102,387,827 A shares held by South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd.
         and in the 1,828,327,362 A shares held by New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd. Meanwhile, New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd. was also deemed to have
         interests in the 1,828,327,362 A shares held by New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.

6.       Ms. Li Wei is the spouse of Mr. Liu Yonghao (a Non-Executive Director of the Company). According to the SFO, Ms. Li was deemed to have interests
         in the 1,930,715,189 A shares of the Company in which Mr. Liu Yonghao had interests (Mr. Liu Yonghao’s interests in shares are disclosed in this
         Annual Report in the section headed “Interests of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives in the securities of the Company or its associated
         corporations under Hong Kong laws and regulations”).

7.       Ms. Liu Chang held 37.66% of the issued share capital of New Hope Group Co., Ltd. (see note (5) above). According to the SFO, Ms. Liu was deemed
         to have interests in the 1,930,715,189 A shares of the Company in which New Hope Group Co., Ltd. had interests. Ms. Liu Chang is the daughter of
         Mr. Liu Yonghao (a Non-Executive Director of the Company).

8.       The interests that New Hope Group Co., Ltd., Ms. Li Wei and Ms. Liu Chang held in the 1,930,715,189 A shares, as set out in the above table, were
         from the same block of shares.

9.       The 1,012,300,950 H shares (Long position) comprised 604,300,950 H shares directly held by Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited and
         408,000,000 H shares directly held by Long Prosper Capital Company Limited, while the 422,554,615 H shares (Short position) (all of which were held
         through other unlisted derivatives) are directly held by Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited. Long Prosper Capital Company Limited was
         a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited. 92.3% of the issued share capital of Oceanwide International Equity
         Investment Limited was indirectly held by Oceanwide Holdings Co., Ltd. 68.49% of the issued share capital of Oceanwide Holdings Co., Ltd. was held
         by China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd. 98% of the issued share capital of China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd. was held by Oceanwide
         Group Co., Ltd., which was wholly-owned by Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd. Mr. Lu Zhiqiang (a Non-Executive Director of the Company) held 77.14% of
         the issued share capital of Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2019      135




                                          Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


10.   The 798,024,133 H shares (in which 703,203,853 H shares were held through unlisted derivatives (convertible instruments)) comprised 84,522,480 H
      shares directly held by Liberal Rise Limited and 713,501,653 H shares directly held by JH International Investment Limited. JH International Investment
      Limited was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Divine Celestial Limited. Divine Celestial Limited and Liberal Rise Limited were wholly-owned subsidiaries of
      Abhaya Limited, which was wholly-owned by Wickhams Cay Trust Company Limited. Ms. Shi Jing is the founder of the discretionary trust.

      According to the SFO, Divine Celestial Limited was deemed to have interests in the 713,501,653 H shares held by JH International Investment Limited.
      Ms. Shi Jing, Wickhams Cay Trust Company Limited and Abhaya Limited were deemed to have interests in the 84,522,480 H shares held by Liberal
      Rise Limited and 713,501,653 H shares held by JH International Investment Limited.

11.   The interests that Ms. Shi Jing, Wickhams Cay Trust Company Limited and Abhaya Limited held in the 798,024,133 H shares, as set out in the above
      table, were from the same block of shares.

12.   The 751,524,200 H shares (Long position) comprised 703,204,200 H shares directly held by Guotai Junan Financial Products Limited and 48,000,000
      H shares directly held by Guotai Junan Securities (Hong Kong) Limited, while the 703,204,200 H shares (Short position) were directly held by Guotai
      Junan Financial Products Limited. Guotai Junan Financial Products Limited and Guotai Junan Securities (Hong Kong) Limited were indirectly wholly-
      owned subsidiaries of Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited, of which 68.10% of interests were indirectly held by Guotai Junan Securities Co.,
      Ltd.

      According to the SFO, Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited and Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. were deemed to have interests in the
      703,204,200 H shares (Long position) and the 703,204,200 H shares (Short position) held by Guotai Junan Financial Products Limited and the
      48,000,000 H shares (Long position) held by Guotai Junan Securities (Hong Kong) Limited.

      Besides, 703,204,200 H shares (Long position) and 703,204,200 H shares (Short position) were held through cash settled unlisted derivatives.

13.   The interests that Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited and Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. held in the 751,524,200 H shares (Long position)
      and 703,204,200 H shares (Short position), as set out in the above table, were from the same block of shares.

14.   BlackRock, Inc. had a long position in 421,194,210 H shares and a short position in 1,083,600 H shares (in which 450,000 H shares were held
      through cash settled unlisted derivatives) of the Company by virtue of its control over a number of corporations, which were indirect wholly-owned
      subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc., except the following corporations:

      14.1 BlackRock Holdco 6, LLC was indirectly owned as to 90% by BlackRock, Inc. BlackRock Holdco 6, LLC had interests and short positions in
             the Company through the following indirect wholly-owned corporations:

             14.1.1   BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, National Association held 91,403,903 H shares (Long position) and 1,083,600 H shares (Short
                      position) in the Company.

             14.1.2   BlackRock Fund Advisors held 170,778,128 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

      14.2 BR Jersey International Holdings L.P. was indirectly owned as to 86% by BlackRock, Inc. BR Jersey International Holdings L.P. had interests in
             the Company through the following indirect wholly-owned corporations:

             14.2.1   BlackRock Japan Co., Ltd. held 23,527,650 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

             14.2.2   BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited held 3,147,699 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

             14.2.3   BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited held 2,274,020 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

             14.2.4   BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited held 4,475,012 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

             14.2.5   BlackRock (Singapore) Limited held 13,000 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

      14.3 BlackRock Group Limited was indirectly owned as to 90% by BR Jersey International Holdings L.P. (see note 14.2 above). BlackRock Group
             Limited had interests and short positions in the Company through the following direct or indirect wholly-owned corporations:

             14.3.1   BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V. held 654,900 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

             14.3.2   BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited held 400,800 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

             14.3.3   BlackRock International Limited held 854,500 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

             14.3.4   BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited held 48,875,126 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

             14.3.5   BLACKROCK (Luxembourg) S.A. held 563,400 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

             14.3.6   BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited held 38,433,129 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

             14.3.7   BlackRock Fund Managers Limited held 11,992,671 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

             14.3.8   BlackRock Life Limited held 11,999,306 H shares (Long position) in the Company.

             14.3.9   BlackRock Asset Management (Schweiz) AG held 58,200 H shares (Long position) in the Company.
136     China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


    Save as disclosed above and the section headed “Interests of the Directors, Supervisors and chief
executives in the securities of the Company or its associated corporations under Hong Kong laws and
regulations”, the Company is not aware of any other person having any interests or short positions in
the shares and underlying shares of the Company as at 31 December 2019 as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


(III) Controlling shareholder and ultimate controller

     The Company does not have any controlling shareholder or ultimate controller. As at the end of
the Reporting Period, the top 10 shareholders of the Company (other than HKSCC Nominees Limited)
held an aggregate of 44.95% of the Company’s shares. Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (former Anbang
Life Insurance Co., Ltd.) — Conservative Investment Portfolio, the single largest shareholder of the
Company, held 10.30% of the total shares of the Company. There was no shareholder who could
control not less than half of the voting rights of the Board or at general meetings in accordance with the
shareholding, the Articles of Association or any agreements.


(IV) Other corporate shareholders with 10% or more equity in the Company

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (former Anbang Life Insurance
Co., Ltd.) held 10% or more of the total shares of the Company.


                                                                                 Registered
 Name of corporate            Person-in-charge or            Date of               capital
 shareholder                  legal representative       incorporation              (RMB)            Principal business or management activities
 Dajia Life                        He Xiaofeng            23 June 2010             30.79 billion    Various life insurance businesses such as life
   Insurance Co., Ltd.                                                                              insurance, health insurance and accidental injury
   (former Anbang Life                                                                              insurance, reinsurance of the above insurance
   Insurance Co., Ltd.)                                                                             businesses, insurance fund application business
                                                                                                    permitted under the PRC laws and regulations,
                                                                                                    and other businesses approved by the CBIRC.

Note: Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd. has been renamed as Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. and its shareholding account is still subject to completion of the
      change of name procedure at China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited (Shanghai Branch).
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   137




                             Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


(V) Substantial shareholders

1. Substantial shareholders with aggregate shareholding of 5% or more of the Company were
as follows:

(1) Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (former Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd.): It was incorporated on
    23 June 2010; its registered capital was RMB30,790 million; its uniform social credit code is
    91110000556828452N; its legal representative is He Xiaofeng; its controlling shareholder is Dajia
    Insurance Group Co., Ltd.; its ultimate controller is Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.; its ultimate
    beneficiary is Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.; its principal business includes: various life insurance
    businesses such as life insurance, health insurance and accidental injury insurance, reinsurance of
    the above insurance businesses, insurance fund application business permitted under the PRC laws
    and regulations, and other businesses approved by the CBIRC.


    On 25 June 2019, as approved by the CBIRC, China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd., China
    Petrochemical Corporation and SAIC Motor Corporation Limited jointly established Dajia Insurance
    Group Co., Ltd. with a registered share capital of RMB20.36 billion. Its business includes:
    investment in and holding of shares of insurance institutions and other financial institutions,
    supervision and management of various domestic and international businesses of holding and
    investment enterprises, investment business and insurance fund application business permitted
    under the PRC laws and regulations, insurance businesses approved by the CBIRC, and other
    businesses approved by the CBIRC and relevant national authorities. Its legal representative is He
    Xiaofeng. The equity interests in Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd., Anbang Annuity Insurance Co.,
    Ltd. and Anbang Asset Management Co., Ltd. were legally transferred to Dajia Insurance Group
    Co., Ltd.


    On 22 August 2019, the Company received the Approval on Qualification of Relevant Shareholder
    of Minsheng Bank (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2019] No.793) (《關於民生銀行有關股東資格的批覆》                   （ 銀保
    監覆[2019]793號））from the CBIRC. The CBIRC approved the holding of 7,810,214,889 shares, or
    17.84%, by Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd. in the share capital of the Company.


    On 28 August 2019, the Company was informed by Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. that, pursuant
    to the approval by the CBIRC, Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd. has been renamed as Dajia Life
    Insurance Co., Ltd. and its holding company has been changed from Anbang Insurance Group Co.,
    Ltd. to Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. The controlling shareholder of Dajia Insurance Group Co.,
    Ltd. is China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd.
138    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


      On 22 February 2020, the CBIRC issued an announcement that pursuant to article 147 of the
      Insurance Law, Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd., as a new company divided from Anbang Insurance
      Group Co., Ltd., basically has normal operation ability. The CBIRC ceased to takeover Anbang
      Insurance Group Co., Ltd. according to laws.


      As at the end of 2019, the shares of the Company held by Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. had not
      been pledged.


(2) Orient Group Incorporation: It was incorporated on 16 August 1989; its registered capital was
    RMB3,714,576,124; its uniform social credit code is 91230199126965908A; its legal representative
    is Sun Mingtao; its controlling shareholder is Orient Group Co., Ltd.; its ultimate controller is
    Zhang Hongwei; its ultimate beneficiary is Zhang Hongwei; its parties acting in concert are Orient
    Group Co., Ltd. and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.; its principal business includes: investments in
    modern agriculture and healthy food, new urbanisation and development, financial industry, ports
    and transportation industry. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Orient Group Incorporation had
    pledged 1,278,009,488 ordinary shares of the Company, representing 2.92% of the total share
    capital of the Company.


      Orient Group Co., Ltd (former Orient Group Investment Holding Co., Ltd and was renamed
      as Orient Group Co., Ltd. in July 2018): It was incorporated on 26 August 2003; its registered
      capital was RMB1,000 million; its uniform social credit code is 911100007541964840; its legal
      representative and ultimate controller is Zhang Hongwei; its parties acting in concert are Orient
      Group Incorporation and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.; its principal business includes: project
      investment, investment management, real estate development, agent import and export, import and
      export of goods, economic and trade consultation. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Orient
      Group Co., Ltd. had pledged 35,000,000 ordinary shares of the Company, representing 0.08% of
      the total share capital of the Company.


      Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 30 December 2006; its registered capital
      was RMB15,300 million; its uniform social credit code is 91120118791698440W; its legal
      representative is Li Fei; it does not have any controlling shareholder, ultimate controller or ultimate
      beneficiary; its parties acting in concert are Orient Group Incorporation and Orient Group Co.,
      Ltd.; its principal business includes: various life insurance businesses such as life insurance, health
      insurance and accidental injury insurance businesses, related reinsurance of the above businesses,
      insurance fund application business permitted under the PRC laws and regulations, and other
      businesses approved by the former CIRC. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the shares of the
      Company held by Huaxia Life Insurance Co, Ltd. had not been pledged.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   139




                            Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


(3) China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 7 April 1988; its registered
    capital was RMB20,000 million; its uniform social credit code is 911100001017122936; its legal
    representative is Lu Zhiqiang; its controlling shareholder is Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd.; its ultimate
    controller is Lu Zhiqiang; its ultimate beneficiaries are Lu Zhiqiang, Huang Qiongzi and Lu Xiaoyun;
    its parties acting in concert are China Oceanwide International Investment Company Limited,
    Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited and Long Prosper Capital Company Limited; its
    principal business includes: finance, real estate and investment management.


    China Oceanwide International Investment Company Limited: It was incorporated on 15 October
    2008; its registered capital was HKD1,548,058,790; its controlling shareholder is China Oceanwide
    Holdings Group Co., Ltd.; its ultimate controller is Lu Zhiqiang; its ultimate beneficiaries are Lu
    Zhiqiang, Huang Qiongzi and Lu Xiaoyun; its parties acting in concert are China Oceanwide
    Holdings Group Co., Ltd., Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited and Long Prosper
    Capital Company Limited; its principal business includes: investment holding.


    Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited: It was incorporated on 17 March 2016;
    its registered capital was USD50,000; its controlling shareholder is Wuhan CBD (Hong Kong)
    Company Limited; its ultimate controller is Lu Zhiqiang; its ultimate beneficiaries are Lu Zhiqiang,
    Huang Qiongzi and Lu Xiaoyun; its parties acting in concert are China Oceanwide Holdings Group
    Co., Ltd., China Oceanwide International Investment Company Limited and Long Prosper Capital
    Company Limited; its principal business includes: investment holding.


    Long Prosper Capital Company Limited: It was incorporated on 31 August 2016; its registered
    capital was USD50,000; its controlling shareholder is Oceanwide International Equity Investment
    Limited; its ultimate controller is Lu Zhiqiang; its ultimate beneficiaries are Lu Zhiqiang, Huang
    Qiongzi and Lu Xiaoyun; its parties acting in concert are China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co.,
    Ltd., China Oceanwide International Investment Company Limited and Oceanwide International
    Equity Investment Limited; its principal business includes: investment holding.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd., Oceanwide
    International Equity Investment Limited and Long Prosper Capital Company Limited had pledged
    a total of 3,027,883,568 ordinary shares of the Company, representing 6.91% of the total share
    capital of the Company.
140    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


2. In Accordance with the Interim Measures for Equity Management of Commercial Banks (《商
業銀行股權管理暫行辦法》) under the order of the former CBRC (No. 1 of 2018), other substantial
shareholders of the Company were as follows:

(1) New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 25 November 2002; its registered
    capital was RMB576,555,600; its uniform social credit code is 91540091744936899C; its legal
    representative is Wang Pusong; its controlling shareholder is New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd.; its ultimate
    controller is Liu Yonghao; its ultimate beneficiary is Liu Yonghao; its party acting in concert is South
    Hope Industrial Co., Ltd.; its principal business includes: venture capital investment, investment
    management, financial advisory, wealth management consultancy, corporate reorganisation
    consultancy, market research, credit investigation, technology development and transfer and
    technology consultancy services. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the shares of the Company
    held by New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd. had not been pledged.


      South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 17 November 2011; its registered capital
      was RMB1,034,313,725; its paid-up registered capital was RMB951,438,725; its uniform social
      credit code is 9154009158575152X0; its legal representative is Li Jianxiong; its controlling
      shareholder is New Hope Group Co., Ltd.; its ultimate controller is Liu Yonghao; its ultimate
      beneficiary is Liu Yonghao; its party acting in concert is New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.; its
      principal business includes: research and development, wholesale and retail of feeds, electronic
      products, hardware and electrical appliances, daily sundry goods, textiles, office equipment
      (excluding colour copier), building materials (excluding hazardous chemicals and wood materials),
      agricultural by-products and special products (excluding products specified by the State), chemical
      products (excluding hazardous chemicals), mechanical equipment, investment and consultancy
      services (excluding intermediary services). As at the end of the Reporting Period, the shares of the
      Company held by South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. had not been pledged.


(2) Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 12 July 1999; its registered capital was
    RMB245,400,640; its uniform social credit code is 913101041346255243; its legal representative is
    Wei Wei; its controlling shareholder is Giant Investment Co., Ltd.; its ultimate controller is Shi Yuzhu;
    its ultimate beneficiary is Shi Yuzhu; it has no party acting in concert; its principal business includes:
    manufacturing and sales of food (through its subsidiaries), sales of cosmetics, cleaning products,
    healthcare equipment and kitchenware, technical development, consultancy services and transfer in
    healthcare food aspect, wholesale of non-physical goods; pre-packaged food (excluding cooked or
    braised and refrigerated or frozen food), investment management, asset management, investment
    consultancy, business information consultancy and business management consultancy. As at the
    end of the Reporting Period, Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. had pledged 1,379,678,400 ordinary
    shares of the Company, representing 3.15% of the total share capital of the Company.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   141




                             Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


(3) China Shipowners Mutual Assurance Association: It was incorporated on 1 January 1984; its
    registered capital was RMB100,000; its uniform social credit code is 51100000500010993L; its
    legal representative is Song Chunfeng; it has no controlling shareholder; it has no ultimate controller;
    it has no ultimate beneficiary; it has no party acting in concert; its principal business includes: marine
    mutual assurance, business training, marine information exchange, international cooperation and
    consultancy service. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the shares of the Company held by
    China Shipowners Mutual Assurance Association had not been pledged.


(4) Good First Group Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 2 May 1995; its registered capital was
    RMB133,000,000; its uniform social credit code is 91310000612260305J; its legal representative
    is Wu Di; its controlling shareholder is Huang Xi; its ultimate controller is Huang Xi; its ultimate
    beneficiary is Huang Xi; it has no party acting in concert; its principal business includes:
    research, development and sale of high-tech products; industrial investment; investments in the
    education, agriculture, secondary industry, entertainment industry and healthcare products; sale
    of photographic equipment and new construction materials; wholesale and retail of chemicals
    (excluding hazardous chemicals and chemicals subject to supervision and control), textiles,
    hardware and electrical appliances, commodities, metal materials, construction materials,
    automobiles (excluding passenger cars) and parts, general machinery, electronic products and
    telecommunication devices and mineral products as approved by the country. As at the end of
    the Reporting Period, Good First Group Co., Ltd. had pledged 477,670,000 ordinary shares of the
    Company, representing 1.09% of the total share capital of the Company.


(5) Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin Investment Holding Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 23 May 2007; its
    registered capital was RMB2,574,162,500; its uniform social credit code is 91500000660887401L;
    its legal representative is Liu Qinqin; its largest shareholder is Tongfang Financial Holdings
    (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (同方金融控股（深圳）有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tongfang
    Co., Ltd.; it has no controlling shareholder; it has no ultimate controller; its ultimate beneficiary is
    Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin Investment Holding Co., Ltd.; its parties acting in concert is Chongqing
    International Trust Company Limited; its principal business includes: making investments with
    its own fund (activities of financial business such as accepting public deposits or accepting
    public deposits in any disguised form, extending loans or trading securities and futures are
    strictly forbidden); providing its related companies with consultancy services such as investment
    information and policy; providing planning and consultancy services in relation to corporate
    reorganisation and merger and acquisition; and providing corporate management services
    (businesses that require pre-approvals according to laws shall only be conducted after obtaining
    approvals from the relevant authorities). As at the end of the Reporting Period, Tsinghua Tongfang
    Guoxin Investment Holding Co., Ltd. had pledged 1,863,333,321 ordinary shares of the Company,
    representing 4.26% of the total share capital of the Company.
142    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders


      Chongqing International Trust Company Limited: It was incorporated on 22 October 1984; its
      registered capital was RMB15,000,000,000; its uniform social credit code is 91500000202805720T;
      its legal representative is Weng Zhenjie; its controlling shareholders is Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin
      Investment Holding Co., Ltd; it has no ultimate controller; its ultimate beneficiary is Chongqing
      International Trust Company Limited; its parties acting in concert is Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin
      Investment Holding Co., Ltd.; its principal business includes: funds trust, chattel trust, real estate
      trust, negotiable securities trust, other properties or property rights trusts; investment fund business
      as a promoter of investment fund or fund management companies; providing asset reorganisation,
      mergers and acquisitions and project financing of enterprises, corporate wealth management,
      financial advisory and other services; securities underwriting business approved by the relevant
      authorities of the State Council; intermediary business, consultancy, credit investigation; safe
      custody and safe deposits business; use of inherent properties as balance with banks and other
      financial institutions, placements with banks and other financial institutions, loans, leasing and
      investment; providing collateral for others with inherent properties; interbank lending, and other
      business permitted under the laws and regulations and approved by the CBIRC. The above
      businesses include businesses denominated in RMB and foreign currencies. As at the end of the
      Reporting Period, the shares of the Company held by Chongqing International Trust Company
      Limited had not been pledged.
                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2019        143




                Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees

I. Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

(I) Basic information
                                                                                                                                         Aggregate remuneration
                                                                                                      Shares held at     Shares held                                   Any
                                                                                                                                               before tax
                          Year of                                                                      the beginning    at the end of                             remuneration
 Name            Gender                              Position                      Term of office                                          received during the
                           birth                                                                      of the Reporting the Reporting                              received from
                                                                                                                                            Reporting Period
                                                                                                       Period (share)   Period (share)                            related parties
                                                                                                                                           (RMB ten thousand)
                                                                                  28 August 2014–
 HONG Qi           M       1957     Chairman & Executive Director                                            0                0                  457.93                 No
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  30 April 2000–
 ZHANG Hongwei     M       1954     Vice Chairman & Non-Executive Director                                   0                0                  90.50                 Yes
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  16 July 2006–
 LU Zhiqiang       M       1951     Vice Chairman & Non-Executive Director                                   0                0                  91.00                 Yes
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  23 March 2009–
 LIU Yonghao       M       1951     Vice Chairman & Non-Executive Director                                   0                0                  90.50                 Yes
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  1 February 2016–
                                    Executive Director
                                                                                  present
 ZHENG Wanchun     M       1964                                                                              0                0                  428.63                 No
                                                                                  19 November 2015–
                                    President
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  20 February 2017–
 SHI Yuzhu         M       1962     Non-Executive Director                                                   0                0                  78.00                  No
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  15 June 2012–
 WU Di             M       1965     Non-Executive Director                                                   0                0                  83.25                 Yes
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  20 February 2017–
 SONG Chunfeng     M       1969     Non-Executive Director                                                   0                0                  84.25                  No
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  20 February 2017–
 WENG Zhenjie      M       1962     Non-Executive Director                                                   0                0                  81.00                 Yes
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  28 October 2016–
 LIU Jipeng        M       1956     Independent Non-Executive Director                                       0                0                  88.50                  No
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  28 October 2016–
 LI Hancheng       M       1963     Independent Non-Executive Director                                       0                0                  117.75                 No
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  28 October 2016–
 XIE Zhichun       M       1958     Independent Non-Executive Director                                       0                0                  86.50                  No
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  20 February 2017–
 PENG Xuefeng      M       1962     Independent Non-Executive Director                                       0                0                  86.50                  No
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  20 February 2017–
 LIU Ningyu        M       1969     Independent Non-Executive Director                                       0                0                  105.50                 No
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  21 June 2018–
 TIAN Suning       M       1963     Independent Non-Executive Director                                       0                0                  88.00                  No
                                                                                  present
                                    Chairman of the Board of Supervisors &        20 February 2017–
 ZHANG Juntong     M       1974                                                                              0                0                  412.87                 No
                                    Employee Supervisor                           present
                                    Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors &   30 March 2016–
 GUO Dong          M       1961                                                                              0                0                  370.74                 No
                                    Employee Supervisor                           present
                                                                                  20 February 2017–
 WANG Hang         M       1971     Shareholder Supervisor                                                   0                0                  73.00                  No
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  20 February 2017–
 ZHANG Bo          M       1973     Shareholder Supervisor                                                   0                0                  69.00                 Yes
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  16 January 2007–
 LU Zhongnan       M       1955     Shareholder Supervisor                                                   0                0                  72.50                  No
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  20 February 2017–
 WANG Yugui        M       1951     External Supervisor                                                      0                0                  72.50                  No
                                                                                  present
                                                                                  20 February 2017–
 BAO Jiming        M       1952     External Supervisor                                                      0                0                  66.50                  No
                                                                                  present
144         China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


                                                                                                                                          Aggregate remuneration
                                                                                                       Shares held at     Shares held                                   Any
                                                                                                                                                before tax
                             Year of                                                                    the beginning    at the end of                             remuneration
 Name               Gender                                  Position                Term of office                                          received during the
                              birth                                                                    of the Reporting the Reporting                              received from
                                                                                                                                             Reporting Period
                                                                                                        Period (share)   Period (share)                            related parties
                                                                                                                                            (RMB ten thousand)
                                                                                   21 June 2019–
 ZHAO Fugao           M       1955     External Supervisor                                                    0                0                  34.50                  No
                                                                                   present
                                                                                   13 March 2020–
 Li Jian              M       1966     Employee Supervisor                                                    0                0                    0                    No
                                                                                   present
                                                                                   8 June 2018–
 CHEN Qiong            F      1963     Executive Vice President                                               0                0                  343.01                 No
                                                                                   present
                                                                                   5 September 2016–
 SHI Jie              M       1965     Executive Vice President                                               0                0                  343.01                 No
                                                                                   present
                                                                                   5 September 2016–
 LI Bin                F      1967     Executive Vice President                                               0                0                  343.01                 No
                                                                                   present
                                                                                   5 September 2016–
 LIN Yunshan          M       1970     Executive Vice President                                               0                0                  343.01                 No
                                                                                   present
                                                                                   8 June 2018–
                                       Executive Vice President
                                                                                   present
 HU Qinghua           M       1963                                                                            0                0                  342.35                 No
                                                                                   20 February 2017–
                                       Chief Risk Officer
                                                                                   present
                                                                                   10 April 2012–
                                       Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                   present
 BAI Dan               F      1963                                                                            0             10,000                350.74                 No
                                                                                   4 April 2018–
                                       Board Secretary
                                                                                   present
                                                                                   20 February 2017–
 ZHANG Yuebo          M       1962     Chief Audit Officer                                                    0                0                  294.14                 No
                                                                                   present
                                                                                   4 April 2018–
 OUYANG Yong          M       1963     Assistant President                                                    0                0                  290.98                 No
                                                                                   present
                                       Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors   10 April 2012–
 WANG Jiazhi          M       1959                                                                         911,664          911,664               408.80                 No
                                       & Employee Supervisor                       13 March 2020


Notes:

1.         During the Reporting Period, the total pre-tax emoluments of current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management were RMB62.8847
           million. The total pre-tax remuneration of current Executive Directors, Employee Supervisors and Senior Management is still in confirmation process
           and further disclosure regarding such unconfirmed part will be made by the Company in due course;

2.         During the Reporting Period, Mr. Weng Zhenjie was paid RMB815,000 and RMB660,000 for director fee of 2018 and 2017, respectively;

3.         During the Reporting Period, none of the incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management or Directors, Supervisors or Senior Management
           retired during the Reporting Period had been subject to any penalty imposed by the securities regulatory authorities during the past three years;

4.         At the 14th meeting of the seventh session of the Board of Supervisors of the Company on 18 April 2019, the Resolution on the Nomination of Mr.
           Zhao Fugao as Candidate for the External Supervisor was considered and passed. On 21 June 2019, Mr. Zhao Fugao was elected as an External
           Supervisor at the 2018 annual general meeting of the Company;

5.         According to the regulations of the CSRC, the commencement date of term of office of re-elected Directors and Supervisors in the above table shall
           be the date of their first appointment as Directors and Supervisors;

6.         On 28 February 2020, in order to implement corresponding measures in response to the outbreak of epidemic, the Board of the Company resolved
           that the change of session of the Board has to be postponed. All members of the seventh session of the Board of the Company sincerely undertake
           to perform their duties as Directors in accordance with the requirements of laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association of the
           Company to ensure normal operation of the Company before the election of the eighth session of the Board at the shareholders’ general meeting of
           the Company. Upon the end of the epidemic, the Company will proactively proceed with the change of session of the Board in accordance with the
           laws and regulations. The abovementioned proposal will be submitted to the shareholders’ general meeting of the Company for consideration;
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2019     145




                                      Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


7.   On 28 February 2020, in order to implement corresponding measures in response to the outbreak of epidemic, the Board of Supervisors resolved
     that the change of session of the Board of Supervisors has to be postponed. All members of the seventh session of the Board of Supervisors of the
     Company sincerely undertake to perform their duties as Supervisors in accordance with the requirements of laws, administrative regulations and the
     Articles of Association of the Company to ensure normal operation of the Board of Supervisors before the election of new members of the Board of
     Supervisors at the shareholders’ general meeting and the meeting of the employee representatives of the Company. Upon the end of the epidemic,
     the Company will proactively proceed with the change of session of the Board of Supervisors in accordance with the laws and regulations. The
     abovementioned proposal will be submitted to the shareholders’ general meeting of the Company for consideration;

8.   On 13 March 2020, Mr. Li Jian was elected as Employee Supervisor at the employee representative meeting of the Company. Mr. Wang Jiazhi
     ceased to act as the Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and member of the related special committees under the Board of Supervisors due to
     retirement.




(II) Positions held by current Directors and Supervisors in shareholders’ companies


 Name                    Name of the Company’s shareholder’s company                             Position                   Term of Office
 Zhang Hongwei         Orient Group Incorporation                                     Honorary chairman of          June 2017–Present
                                                                                          the board of directors
                                                                                          and director
 Lu Zhiqiang           China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd.                       Chairman of the board         May 1999–Present
                                                                                          of directors and
                                                                                          president
 Liu Yonghao           New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd.                                       Director                      January 2003–Present
 Wu Di                 Good First Group Co., Ltd.                                     Chairman of the board         January 2003–Present
                                                                                          of directors and
                                                                                          president
 Song Chunfeng         China Shipowners Mutual Assurance Association                  General manager               March 2016–Present
 Weng Zhenjie          Chongqing International Trust Company Limited                  Chairman of the board         November 2014–Present
                                                                                          of directors
 Wang Hang             New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd.                                       Non-executive director        November 2011–Present
146   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


(III) Major working experience of current Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

Directors

Executive Directors

     Mr. Hong Qi, born in 1957, has been an Executive Director of the Company since 8 January 2004.
He is also the Chairman of the Company, the chairman of the Strategic Development and Consumer
Rights Protection Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee under the Board. Mr. Hong
is a standing council member of the twelfth session of Executive Committee of ACFIC, the chairman
of CMBC International, the vice president of China Chamber of International Commerce, an honorary
vice chairman of Sun Yefang Economic Science Foundation, the vice council chairman of China Red
Ribbon Foundation of ACFIC, the vice council chairman of China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation of
ACFIC, a deputy director of Working Committee for Poverty Alleviation of ACFIC, the council chairman
of China Academy of New Supply-side Economics, a standing council member of China International
Finance Society, a member of Financial Planning Standard Board (China) and a council member of China
Entrepreneur Club. Mr. Hong was an Executive Vice President of the Company from 2000 to March
2009 and became the President in March 2009 and the Chairman of the Company in August 2014.
He was the director of the Business Department of Head Office of the Company from January 1996 to
September 1996. Mr. Hong acted as a deputy general manager of Beijing Administrative Department
of the Company from September 1996 to April 1998 and was promoted to the general manager from
1998 to 2000. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hong was the president of Beihai Branch of the Bank
of Communications from 1994 to 1995, a deputy director of the Securities Research Institute of Renmin
University of China from 1991 to 1994, and a principal staff member at the headquarters of the PBOC
from 1985 to 1991. Mr. Hong has over 33 years of experience in banking management and finance
industry. Mr. Hong obtained his Doctor’s Degree in Economics from Renmin University of China in 1994.


     Mr. Zheng Wanchun, born in 1964, has been an Executive Director of the Company since 1
February 2016. He is the President of the Bank and a member of the Strategic Development and
Consumer Rights Protection Committee, Compensation and Remuneration Committee and Risk
Management Committee under the Board. Mr. Zheng served as a vice president of Industrial and
Commercial Bank of China Limited from September 2013 to October 2015. Prior to that, he was the
deputy director and director of the Public Facilities Financing Department of Industrial and Commercial
Bank of China Limited, president of Hainan Yangpu Branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of
China Limited, assistant president and general manager of the Business Department of Hainan Branch
of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, the deputy general manager of the Industry and
Commerce Credit and Loan Department of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, the
general manager of Creditor Rights Management Department, the general manager of Operation
Management Department and the assistant president of China Huarong Asset Management Co., Ltd.
He was appointed as the vice president of China Huarong Asset Management Co., Ltd. and chairman of
Huarong Securities and the chairman of Huarong Rongde Asset Management Co., Ltd., a joint venture
                                                                                  Annual Report 2019   147




                          Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


of China and Germany, in December 2004 and was appointed as vice president of China Huarong Asset
Management Co., Ltd. and chairman of Huarong Securities and Huarong Futures in January 2009; He
was appointed as the president of China Great Wall Asset Management Corporation in February 2011.
Mr. Zheng obtained his Doctor’s Degree in Economics from Renmin University of China.


Non-Executive Directors

     Mr. Zhang Hongwei, born in 1954, has been a Vice Chairman of the Company since 30 April
2000. Mr. Zhang is a Non-Executive Director and also a member of the Strategic Development and
Consumer Rights Protection Committee and the Nomination Committee under the Board. Mr. Zhang
is the honorary chairman and director of Orient Group Incorporation (listed on the SSE (stock code:
600811)), chairman of United Energy Group Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00467)) and Orient
Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Zhang was previously the chairman of Jinzhou Port Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE
(stock code: 600190/900952)), a member of the eleventh session of CPPCC and a standing committee
member of the tenth session of CPPCC. Mr. Zhang served as a vice chairman of the ACFIC from 1997
to 2007. Mr. Zhang obtained his MBA Degree from Harbin Institute of Technology in 1996 and is a senior
economist.


    Mr. Lu Zhiqiang, born in 1951, has been a Vice Chairman of the Company since 16 July 2006.
Mr. Lu is a Non-Executive Director and also a member of the Strategic Development and Consumer
Rights Protection Committee and the Compensation and Remuneration Committee under the Board.
Mr. Lu was a Director from the establishment of the Company to June 2003 and was re-elected as a
Director of the Company in 2006. Mr. Lu is the chairman and president of Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd.,
Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd. and China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd., the chairman of Oceanwide
Holdings Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 000046)). Mr. Lu was the Chairman of the Board
of Supervisors of the Company from June 2003 to December 2004 and a Vice Chairman of the Board
of Supervisors of the Company from December 2004 to June 2006. He was also a director of Haitong
Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600837) and on the SEHK (stock code: 06837)) and
a non-executive director of Legend Holdings Corporation (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 03396)). Mr.
Lu was a standing committee member and a member of the Committee for Economic Affairs of the
CPPCC, and a standing committee member and vice chairman of ACFIC. Mr. Lu obtained his Master’s
Degree in Economics from Fudan University in 1995 and is a research fellow.


      Mr. Liu Yonghao, born in 1951, has been a Vice Chairman of the Board of the Company since
23 March 2009. Mr. Liu is a Non-Executive Director, a member of the Strategic Development and
Consumer Rights Protection Committee and the Nomination Committee under the Board and was
previously a Vice Chairman of the Board from the establishment of the Company to 2006. Mr. Liu
is currently the chairman of New Hope Group Co., Ltd., a director of New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd.
(listed on the SZSE (stock code: 000876)) and the chairman of the General Association of Sichuan
148   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


Entrepreneurs. Mr. Liu is a committee member of the thirteenth session of CPPCC, a vice president of
China Association of Agricultural Leading Enterprises, a vice president of China Association for Public
Companies and one of the promoters of China Society for Promotion of the Guangcai Program. Mr.
Liu was previously a vice president of China Society for Promotion of the Guangcai Program, a vice
chairman of the seventh and eighth sessions of ACFIC, a committee member of the eighth, ninth, tenth
and eleventh sessions of CPPCC, a standing committee member of the ninth and tenth sessions of
CPPCC, a vice chairman of the tenth and eleventh sessions of Committee for Economic Affairs of the
CPPCC, and a representative of the twelfth session of the National People’s Congress.


     Mr. Shi Yuzhu, born in 1962, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a member
of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and Nomination Committee
under the Board since 20 February 2017. Mr. Shi is the chairman of Giant Investment Co., Ltd, Giant
Interactive Group Inc (formerly known as Shanghai ZhengTu Interactive Group Inc) and Giant Network
Group Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 002558)) (formerly known as Chongqing New Century
Cruise Co., Ltd.) and the chairman of the Giant Charity Foundation. Mr Shi was previously a Non-
Executive Director of the Company from 2006 to 2014, the chairman of Shanghai ZhengTu Interactive
Group Inc from 2006 to 2018. Mr Shi obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics from Zhejiang
University in 1984 and graduated from the postgraduate program of soft science from Shenzhen
University in 1990.


     Mr. Wu Di, born in 1965, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since 15 June
2012. He is also a member of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee, the Risk Management
Committee and the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee under the Board. Mr. Wu is
the chairman of the board of directors and president of Good First Group Co., Ltd., and a director
of Hangzhou United Rural Commercial Bank. In addition, Mr. Wu is a standing committee member
of International Boxing Association, the vice president of Asian Boxing Council (ASBC), the standing
chairman of China International Chamber of Commerce for the Private Sector, representative of the
Fujian Provincial People’s Congress, the vice chairman of Fujian Province Association of Industry
and Commerce, a standing committee member of the CPPCC Xiamen, the vice chairman of Xiamen
Municipal Committee of China National Democratic Construction Association, the honorary vice
chairman of Fujian Province Guangcai Promotion Society, the honorary chairman of the Non-Stated-
Owned Enterprise Chamber of Commerce in Fujian, the honorary chairman of the 1st session of Xiamen
Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai, the chairman of the Liaoning Chamber of Commerce in Fujian, a
vice chairman of Xiamen Economics Society, the chief supervisor of Xiamen Silk Road National Strategy
Research Centre, the vice chairman of Xiamen Association of Cross-Strait Exchanges and a council
member of Jimei University. Mr. Wu was the assistant director of Dalian Ocean Fishery Group and a
deputy general manager of Shenzhen Tianma New Construction Material Co., Ltd., and the director of
Yong An Property Insurance Company Limited. Mr. Wu obtained his Doctor’s Degree in Economics from
Renmin University of China and now serves as a guest professor of Renmin University of China. Mr.Wu is
a senior economist.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2019   149




                          Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


     Mr. Song Chunfeng, born in 1969, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a
member of the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions
Supervision Committee under the Board since 20 February 2017. Mr. Song is the general manager of
China Shipowners Mutual Assurance Association, vice president of China Shipowners’ Association,
vice chairman of Quanzhou Jinjiang COSCO Development Limited, executive director of China P&I
Management Co., Ltd., director of China P & I Services (Hong Kong) Limited, executive director of
Shanghai Haixing Asset Management Limited, director of CPI Services (UK) Limited. Mr. Song was a
supervisor of Haitong Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600837) and on the SEHK
(stock code: 06837)), the managing director of COSCO (Hong Kong) Insurance Brokers Limited, the
chairman of the board of directors and general manager of Shenzhen COSCO Insurance Brokers
Limited, the manager of the commerce division under the Transportation Department of COSCO/China
COSCO Holdings Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 601919)), and the principal staff member,
deputy director, director and manager of the commerce division of the Department of Commerce under
the Department of Transportation of COSCO. Mr. Song obtained his Doctor’s Degree in Law from
Peking University in 2006 and is a senior economist.


      Mr. Weng Zhenjie, born in 1962, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a
member of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and the Audit
Committee under the Board since 20 February 2017. Mr. Weng is the chairman of Chongqing
International Trust Company Limited. Mr. Weng also serves as a director of China Trust Protection
Fund Co., Ltd., China Trust Registration Corporation Limited, Chongqing Three Gorges Bank Co., Ltd.,
Hefei Science & Technology Rural Commercial Bank Company Limited, GuoDu Securities Co., Ltd.
(listed on National Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 870488)), a vice chairman of the
Chongqing Committee of China National Democratic Construction Association, a standing committee
member of the fifth session of Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference of Chongqing and a
deputy officer of the eleventh session of the Central Financial Committee of China National Democratic
Construction Association. Mr. Weng worked as the chairman and chief executive officer of Chongqing
International Trust Company Limited, the chairman of Southwest Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE
(stock code: 600369)), the chairman of Chongqing Three Gorges Bank Co., Ltd., a member of the ninth
session of the Central Economic Committee of China National Democratic Construction Association,
a deputy officer of the tenth session of the Central Financial Committee of China National Democratic
Construction Association, a deputy to the third and fourth sessions of the National People’s Congress
of Chongqing, and a standing committee member of the National People’s Congress of Chongqing, a
deputy general manager of Beijing Centergate Technologies (Holding) Co., Ltd. and an instructor of the
Chinese People’s Liberation Army Institute of Telecommunication Engineering. Mr. Weng obtained his
Master’s Degree in Engineering in 1986. He is a senior economist and an expert with special allowances
of the State Council.
150   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


Independent Non-Executive Directors

      Mr. Liu Jipeng, born in 1956, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company
since 28 October 2016. Mr. Liu is a member of the Nomination Committee, the Compensation and
Remuneration Committee and the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee under the Board.
Mr. Liu has served as dean of the Business School of China University of Political Science and Law since
November 2016, and has been a director, professor and doctoral tutor of the Capital Finance Research
Institute of China University of Political Science and Law since June 2015. He is also a deputy head of
the Independent Non-Executive Director Committee of China Association for Public Companies, vice
chairman of China Enterprise Reform and Development Society and legal adviser of the State-Owned
Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council. Mr. Liu Jipeng has been an
independent non-executive director of China Tonghai International Financial Limited (previously known
as China Oceanwide International Financial Limited) (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00952)) since
December 2017, an independent non-executive director of Zhongjin Gold Corp., Ltd. (listed on the
SSE (stock code: 600489)) since May 2014, and an independent non-executive director of Chongqing
Changan Automobile Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 000625)) since March 2016, an
independent non-executive director of China-Singapore Suzhou Industrial Park Development Group
Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 601512)) since June 2017, and an independent non-executive
director of China Oceanwide Holdings Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00715)) since November
2014. Mr. Liu served as an independent non-executive director of Wanda Hotel Development Company
Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00169)) from July 2013 to March 2019, an independent non-
executive director of AVIC Capital Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600705)) from May 2011 to
May 2017 and an independent non-executive director of Dalian Wanda Commercial Properties Co., Ltd.
(previously listed on the SEHK (stock code: 03699) (delisted)) from December 2012 to January 2016. Mr.
Liu Jipeng was a professor of law and economic research centre of China University of Political Science
and Law from April 2006 to June 2015, professor and head of corporate research centre of Capital
University of Economics and Business from September 2001 to April 2006, the chairman of Beijing
Standard Consultancy Company Limited from February 1993 to June 1996, a director and assistant
researcher of CITIC International Research Centre (中信國際研究所) from April 1989 to January 1997
and a deputy academic secretary (deputy director) and assistant researcher of Institute of Industrial
Economics of China Academy of Social Science from July 1986 to March 1989. Mr. Liu Jipeng received
his Bachelor’s Degree from the Department of Industry and Economics of Beijing Institute of Economics
in July 1983 and his Master’s Degree from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in July 1986. Mr.
Liu Jipeng is a senior economist and qualified as certified public accountant (non-practicing).
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   151




                           Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


     Mr. Li Hancheng, born in 1963, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company
since 28 October 2016. Mr. Li is the chairman of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee
and a member of the Nomination Committee, the Compensation and Remuneration Committee and
the Risk Management Committee under the Board. Mr. Li is a senior partner, director, and chairman of
the Business Management and Risk Control Committee under the Board of Beijing S&P Law Firm and
the director of the Management Committee and a lawyer of Beijing S&P Haikou Law Firm, and qualified
as a lawyer in the People’s Republic of China. He is also a member of China Maritime Law Association,
All China Lawyers Association, and Beijing Lawyers’ Association. He has been an independent non-
executive director of Styland Holdings Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00211)) since December
2008, and an external director of Beijing Electronics Holding Company Limited since February 2015.
Mr. Li Hancheng was the administration officer and manager of Beijing S&P Law Firm from May 2000
to December 2004, and a staff member, a principal staff member and a deputy director of the Office
of Personnel, and an assistant judge, a judge and a senior judge of Economic Division of the Supreme
People’s Court of People’s Republic of China from July 1984 to April 2000. Mr. Li Hancheng obtained
his Bachelor’s Degree in Law from Southwest College of Political Science & Law (currently known as
Southwest University of Political Science and Law) in 1984.


     Mr. Xie Zhichun, born in 1958, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company
since 28 October 2016 and is also the chairman of the Risk Management Committee and a member
of the Nomination Committee and the Compensation and Remuneration Committee under the Board.
Mr. Xie is a vice chairman of the consultation committee of Shenzhen Qianhai Shekou Free Trade
Zone and Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone, distinguished professor of the Research
Centre for Economic Development in China’s Special Economic Zone in Shenzhen University and
postgraduate supervisor of PBC School of Finance of Tsinghua University. Mr. Xie is serving as an
executive director and the chairman of China Fortune Financial Group Limited (listed on the SEHK
(stock code: 00290)) since January 2017 and an independent non-executive director of China Taiping
Insurance Holdings Company Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00966)) since June 2015. He
acted as an independent non-executive director of SuperRobotics Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock
code: 08176)) from 20 August 2018 to 8 May 2019, a non-executive director of China Smartpay Group
Holdings Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 08325)) from 27 April 2017 to 22 October 2018,
a non-executive director of Elife Holdings Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00223)) (formerly
known as Sino Resources Group Limited) from 18 November 2016 to 10 July 2017, a deputy general
manager of China Investment Corporation and an executive director and the general manager of Central
Huijin Investment Ltd. from 2014 to 2015. From 2008 to 2014, Mr. Xie Zhichun was an executive
director and deputy general manager of China Everbright Group Limited and the chairman of the board
of directors of Sun Life Everbright Life Insurance Co., Ltd. and chairman of the board of directors of
Sun Life Everbright Asset Management Co., Ltd. From 2006 to 2008, he acted as a vice president and
director of reorganisation and listing office of China Everbright Bank Company Limited. Mr. Xie Zhichun
acted as a director and the president of Everbright Securities Company Limited, an executive director
152   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


of China Everbright Group, an executive director of China Everbright Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock
code: 00165)), a vice chairman (unattending) of China Enterprises Association (Singapore), a director
of Shenyin & Wanguo Securities Co., Ltd., a director of Everbright Pramerica Fund Management Co.,
Ltd. and a vice chairman (unattending) of Securities Association of China from 2001 to 2006. From
1997 to 2001, he acted as an executive director and the president of China Everbright Asia-Pacific
Company Limited (listed on Singapore Exchange), a director of Shenyin & Wanguo Securities Co., Ltd,
the chairman of board of directors of China Everbright Asia-Pacific (New Zealand) Company, chairman
of the board of directors of China Everbright (South Africa) Company, a director of China Everbright Asia-
Pacific Industrial Investment Fund Management Company (中國光大亞太工業投資基金管理公司) and
a director of Thailand Sunflower Company (泰國向日葵公司). Mr. Xie Zhichun was a director and vice
president of Everbright Securities Company Limited (listed on the SSE (stock code: 601788) and on the
SEHK (stock code: 06178)), a director of China Everbright Financial Holding Company (Hong Kong) (中
國光大金融控股公司（香港）), the general manager of northern head office of Everbright Securities
Company Limited, a director of Da Cheng Investment Fund Management Company from 1996 to 1999.
Mr. Xie was a deputy director of preparation team and deputy president of Dalian Branch of China
Everbright Bank from 1994 to 1996. Mr. Xie was the general manager of International Department
of Heilongjiang Branch of China Everbright Bank from 1992 to 1994. Mr. Xie Zhichun obtained his
Bachelor’s Degree in Philosophy from Heilongjiang University in 1982, Master’s Degree in Economics
from Harbin Institute of Technology in 1993 and Doctor’s Degree in Economics from Nankai University
in 2004. Mr. Xie attended advanced management programmes in Yale School of Management in the
United States from August to September 2011 and in Harvard Business School (AMP156) from April
1999 to July 1999, respectively. Mr. Xie Zhichun is a senior economist.


    Mr. Peng Xuefeng, born in 1962, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the
Company since 20 February 2017. He is the chairman of the Nomination Committee, a member of the
Compensation and Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee under the Board. Mr. Peng is
the director of Beijing Dentons Law Offices, LLP and an independent non-executive director of Dong Yi
Ri Sheng Home Decoration Group Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 002713)) and a standing
committee member of the twelfth session of CPPCC. Mr. Peng was a lawyer at Beijing No. 4 Law Firm
(北京市第四律師事務所), a lawyer and deputy director at Beijing Yanshan Law Firm (北京市燕山
區律師事務所), a clerk at the intermediate people’s court in Cangzhou, Hebei Province. He served
as an independent non-executive director of Beijing Haohua Energy Resource Co., Ltd. (listed on the
SSE (stock code: 601101)), Beijing SINODATA Technology Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code:
002657)), Beijing Vantone Real Estate Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600246)), Shandong
Shipping Corporation (listed on National Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 835589)), Huida
Sanitary Ware Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 603385)) and Henan Zhongfu Industrial Co.,
Ltd (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600595)). He was also a representative of the eleventh session of
the National People’s Congress, a vice president of the fifth session of All China Lawyers Association, a
standing council member of the fourth session of All China Lawyers Association, a vice chairman of the
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   153




                             Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


 sixth and the seventh sessions of Beijing Lawyers Association, a standing council member of the fourth
 and the fifth sessions of Beijing Lawyers Association, a member of the standing committee of the tenth
 session of All-China Youth Federation, a member of the eighth session of All-China Youth Federation,
 a standing member and the chief supervisor of the ninth session of Beijing Youth Federation and a
 member of the seventh and eighth sessions of Beijing Youth Federation. Mr. Peng obtained his Doctor’s
 Degree in Law from Peking University in 2008 and has the qualification of lawyer, qualification of lawyer
 engaged in securities and qualification of certified tax agent.


    Mr. Liu Ningyu, born in 1969, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company
since 20 February 2017. He is the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination
Committee and the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee under the Board. Mr. Liu
serves as the managing partner of Zhongshenzhonghuan Certified Public Accountants (special general
partnership), vice chairman of Liaoning Institute of Certified Public Accountant, vice chairman of Liaoning
Province Appraisal Society, a director of China Engineering Cost Association and an independent non-
executive director of Zhongchao New Material Shares Co., Ltd. He was the managing partner of Ruihua
Certified Public Accountants (special general partnership) (瑞華會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥）), the
managing partner of Crowe Horwath China CPAs (special general partnership) (國富浩華會計師事務所
（特殊普通合夥）), the chief executive officer of Crowe Horwath China CPAs (國富浩華會計師事務所
有限公司), the chief accountant of Liaoning Wanlong Jinhui CPA Co., Ltd. (遼寧萬隆金匯會計師事務
所有限公司), a project manager of Liaoning Accounting Firm (遼寧會計師事務所) and an independent
non-executive director of Jinzhou Port Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600190)). Mr. Liu Ningyu
obtained his MBA Degree from Macau University of Science and Technology in 2004 and studied for a
senior course of the Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA) held by Peking University from
2012 to 2013. Mr. Liu is a professor level senior accountant, a certified public accountant, a certified
public valuer, a certified public accountant in Australia, the national accounting leading talent and senior
member of The Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


      Mr. Tian Suning, born in 1963, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company
 since 21 June 2018. He is also the chairman of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee and
 a member of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and the Audit
 Committee under the Board. Mr. Tian Suning has been the chairman of China Broadband Capital
 Partners, L.P. since May 2006, the chairman of AsiaInfo, Inc. since January 2014, an executive director
 and the chairman of AsiaInfo Technologies Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 01675)) since June
 2018. Mr. Tian Suning was an independent non-executive director of Lenovo Group Limited (listed
 on the SEHK, stock code: 00992) from August 2007 to July 2019 and an independent non-executive
 director of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600000))
 from April 2016 to March 2018. Mr. Tian Suning was the vice chairman, executive director and chief
 executive officer of China Netcom Group Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited from April 2005 to April 2006,
 president and chief executive officer of China Network Communication Co., Ltd. from August 1999 to
154   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


April 2005, founder and chief executive officer of AsiaInfo Technologies (China) Co., Ltd. from December
1993 to August 1999. Mr. Tian Suning also served as an independent non-executive director of Taikang
Life Insurance Co., Inc. from July 2008 to August 2016, an independent non-executive director of
MasterCard International Incorporated from March 2006 to June 2016, an independent non-executive
director of MasterCard Incorporated (listed on the New York Stock Exchange, stock code: MA) from
March 2006 to June 2016, and a non-executive director of China Jiuhao Health Industry Corporation
Limited (currently known as Huayi Tencent Entertainment Company Limited, a company listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 00419) from January 2008 to February 2016. Mr. Tian Suning
received his Bachelor’s Degree in Eco-System from Liaoning University in 1985, Master’s Degree in Eco-
System from the Graduate University of Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1987, and Doctor’s Degree
in Resources Management from Texas Tech University of USA in 1993. Mr. Tian Suning was awarded
Outstanding Youth of the Year for Successful Commercialisation of Scientific Research Achievements
(求是傑出青年成果轉化獎) by China Association for Science and Technology in July 2003 and
Outstanding Individual Award for Students Returned from Overseas Study Award (全國留學回國人員優
秀個人獎) by the Ministry of Education of the People’s Republic of China in August 2003.


Supervisors

     Mr. Zhang Juntong, born in 1974, is the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and the Employee
Supervisor of the Company. He is also the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee and a member
of the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Zhang joined the
Company in 2016. Before joining the Company, Mr. Zhang served as a deputy director and the director
of General Administration Department of the former CBRC. He served as a researcher and a deputy
director of General Office of the CSRC. Mr. Zhang also served in China National Technical Import and
Export Corporation (中國技術進出口總公司) and China General Technology (Group) Holding, Limited
(中國通用技術（集團）控股有限責任公司). Mr. Zhang obtained his Master’s Degree in World Economy
from Peking University.


     Mr. Guo Dong, born in 1961, is a Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and the Employee
Supervisor of the Company. He is also a member of the Supervisory Committee under the Board of
Supervisors. Mr. Guo joined the Company in February 2015. Mr. Guo was elected as a Vice Chairman of
the sixth session of the Board of Supervisors on 30 March 2016 and was a member of the Supervisory
Committee under the sixth session of the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Guo was previously an inspector
(at bureau level), a deputy inspector (at deputy bureau level), a deputy division director and the division
director of Bureau V of the United Front Department of CPC Central Committee, a principal staff member
and a deputy director of Beijing Municipal Economic and Technological Cooperative Office, a staff
member, a deputy principal staff member and a principal staff member of the General Office of State
Organs Work Committee of Beijing Municipal Committee of CPC, a commander of 52958 Force of PLA
and a worker of Changzheng Automobile Manufacturing Factory (河北省長征汽車製造廠) in Hebei
Province. Mr. Guo obtained his MBA Degree from Beijing Institute of Technology.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   155




                           Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


     Mr. Wang Hang, born in 1971, is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Board of Supervisors, a member
of the Supervisory Committee and the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of
Supervisors and a vice chairman of the board of directors of CMBC International, a subsidiary of the
Company. Mr. Wang is a co-founder of Beijing Hosen Investment Management Centre (L.P.) and a vice
chairman of the board of directors of New Hope Group Co., Ltd. and Sichuan Xinwang Bank Co., Ltd.
Mr. Wang has been a non-executive director of New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock
code: 000876)) since 29 November 2011. Mr. Wang was previously a non-executive director of the
fourth to sixth sessions of the Board of the Company, a civil servant at the General Office of the PBOC, a
chairman of Kunming O-Park Co., Ltd., a vice president of New Hope Group Co., Ltd., a vice chairman
of Union Trust & Investment Ltd., the chairman of the board of directors and president of Sichuan South
Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. and the general manager of Beijing Shouwang Asset Management Co., Ltd.
Mr. Wang obtained his Master’s Degree in Economics from Peking University.


     Mr. Zhang Bo, born in 1973, is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Board of Supervisors and also
a member of the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Zhang
serves as an executive director and vice chairman of China Tonghai International Financial Limited
(previously known as China Oceanwide International Financial Limited, listed on the SEHK (stock code:
00952)), the chairman of China Minsheng Trust Co., Ltd. and a director of Oceanwide Holdings Co.,
Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 000046)), Minsheng Securities Co., Ltd., Asia-Pacific Property &
Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. and Wuhan CBD Co., Ltd. Mr. Zhang was previously a vice president of
Houmashi Sub-Branch of Bank of China Limited. He served as a deputy general manager of the Risk
Management Department and the general manager of the Corporate Banking Department of Taiyuan
Branch, head of the funding and wealth management division of the Corporate Banking Department,
and deputy director of the preparation team of Changsha Branch of the Company. Mr. Zhang was also
the chief risk officer and an executive vice president of Minsheng Financial Leasing and concurrently
the president of the Aircraft Leasing Department of Minsheng Financial Leasing. Mr. Zhang obtained
his MBA Degree from Wuhan University and is studying for a Doctoral Degree in Western Economics at
Fudan University. He is an economist.


     Mr. Lu Zhongnan, born in 1955, is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Board of Supervisors and
also a member of the Supervisory Committee and the Nomination and Examination Committee under
the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Lu is an independent director of Qilu Bank Co., Ltd. (listed on National
Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 832666)). He was a director of Heilongjiang Branch, a
vice president of Harbin Branch, a vice president and an executive vice president of Heilongjiang Branch,
a vice president of Shenyang Branch of the PBOC. He was a director of Orient Group Incorporation,
a director of New China Life Insurance Co., Ltd., a vice chairman and the president of China Minzu
Securities Co., Ltd., the chairman of Shenzhen New Industry Venture Capital Co., Ltd. and a director,
a vice chairman and the chairman of the Executive Committee of the board of directors of New China
Trust Co., Ltd. Mr. Lu graduated from a postgraduate course for advanced studies in economic
management and is a senior economist.
156   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


    Mr. Wang Yugui, born in 1951, is an External Supervisor of the Company and also a member of
the Supervisory Committee and the chairman of the Nomination and Examination Committee under
the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Wang is an independent non-executive director of Bank of Hebei and
an arbitrator of the Maritime Arbitration Commission of China Council for the Promotion of International
Trade. Mr. Wang was the general manager of China Shipowners Mutual Assurance Association, an
executive council member of China Maritime Law Association and the China Association of Trade
in Services. He was also a non-executive director and supervisor of China Everbright Bank, a non-
executive director of the first to sixth sessions of the Board of the Company and a supervisor of Haitong
Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600837) and on the SEHK (stock code: 06837)). Mr.
Wang graduated from Beijing International Studies University in 1977 and is a senior economist.


     Mr. Bao Jiming, born in 1952, is an External Supervisor of the Board of Supervisors and also a
member of the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Bao is a
professor at the Department of Business Administration and an academic director of EMBA at Fudan
University. He is an independent director of Misho Eco-System & Landscape Co., Ltd. (listed on the
SZSE (stock code: 300495)). He served as a deputy director of the Training Department and an assistant
dean of the Department of Business Administration at Fudan University. He was also a secretary
general, lecturer, associate professor and postgraduate supervisor at Fudan Development Institute. He
was a deputy director of the Science and Technology Department at Shanghai Municipal Education
Commission, the general manager of the office, general manager of Overseas Business Department and
general manager of Enterprise Management Department, executive director and chairman of the board
of directors of an overseas subsidiary of Shanghai Industrial Investment (Holdings) Co., Ltd. Mr. Bao is a
post-doctoral fellow of the School of Economics at Fudan University.


     Mr. Zhao Fugao, born in 1955, has been appointed as an External Supervisor of the Company
and a member of the Supervisory Committee and the Nomination and Examination Committee under
the Board of Supervisors since 21 June 2019. Mr. Zhao successively served as staff member, deputy
principal staff member, deputy division director, division director, vice president and president of Sichuan
Branch of China Construction Bank Corporation (listed on the SEHK, stock code: 00939; listed on the
SSE, stock code: 601939), the president of Chengdu Branch of China Construction Bank Corporation,
the general manager of the Personal Deposit and Investment Department in the head office of China
Construction Bank Corporation, and the person in charge of the preparatory group for insurance
business of China Construction Bank Corporation, the president and vice chairman of CCB Life
Insurance Company Limited, and the head of preparatory team of CCB Property & Casualty Insurance
Co., Ltd. and CCB Life Asset Management Company Limited. Mr. Zhao obtained a Bachelor’s Degree in
Economics from Hubei University of Finance and Economics (currently known as Zhongnan University of
Economics and Law) in January 1982. He is a senior economist.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   157




                           Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


     Mr. Li Jian, born in 1966, has been appointed as an Employee Supervisor of the Bank since 13
March 2020, and is a member of the Supervisory Committee of the Board of Supervisors. He currently
serves as the general manager of the Executive Office of the Head Office. Mr. Li joined the Company
in August 1996 and successively served as a staff of the Planning and Finance Department, a director
of the Property Management Division of the Planning and Finance Department, an assistant general
manager of the Planning and Finance Department, the deputy director of the Executive Office and the
director of the Property Management Division of the Head Office, the general manager of the Institution
Management Department of the Head Office, the general manager of the Property and Infrastructure
Management Office of the Head Office and the chairman of the Board of Supervisors of Minsheng
Financial Leasing Co., Ltd., during which he concurrently served as the head of the Working Team of the
Office Building Renovation and Construction Division of the Head Office and the head of the Preparation
Team of Nanchang Branch, respectively. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Li worked as a lecturer at the
Management Cadre College of the Head Office of the PBOC (中國人民銀行總行幹部管理學院) and a
principal staff member at the Infrastructure and Finance Division of the Personnel Education Department
of the Head Office of the PBOC (中國人民銀行總行人事教育司基建財務處). Mr. Li obtained a
Bachelor’s Degree in Finance from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics in July 1987 and
a Master’s Degree in Management Science and Engineering from Hunan University in July 2003. He is
an accountant.


Senior Management

    Mr. Zheng Wanchun is the President of the Bank. Please refer to “Directors — Executive
Directors”.


     Ms. Chen Qiong, born in 1963, has been an Executive Vice President of the Bank since June
2018. Ms. Chen joined the Company in April 2018. Before joining the Company, she was a deputy
chief inspector of the Discipline Inspection Group at the former CBRC designated by the CPC Central
Commission for Discipline Inspection (at bureau level) from 2016 to 2018, a deputy secretary of the
Disciplinary Inspection Committee and the director-general of the Staff Compliance and Disciplinary
Bureau of the former CBRC from 2014 to 2016, the director-general of the Anhui Office of the former
CBRC from 2011 to 2014, a deputy director of Non-Bank Financial Institutions Supervision Department
of the former CBRC from 2006 to 2011 and a deputy director-general of Fujian Office of the former
CBRC from 2005 to 2006. She also used to work at the Policy and Legal Affairs Department of the
former CBRC and served as a director, researcher, deputy director and principal staff member of the
Banking Management Department, Tianjin Branch, the Banking Supervision Department I, the Audit
Supervision Bureau and the Education Department of the PBOC. Ms. Chen is a deputy to the twelfth
session of the National People’s Congress. Ms. Chen Qiong obtained her Master’s Degree in Public
Administration from Columbia University in the United States and Doctor’s Degree in Finance from
Hunan University.
158   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


     Mr. Shi Jie, born in 1965, has been an Executive Vice President of the Company since September
2016. Mr. Shi joined the Company in October 1998 and served as the general manager of the Financial
Planning Department of Shijiazhuang Sub-Branch of the Company. He served as the general manager
of the Business Department of Shijiazhuang Branch of the Company in March 2001, the deputy director
(person in charge) of the Risk Management Department of the Head Office of the Company in July 2001,
an assistant general manager and a deputy general manager of the Credit Assessment Department of
the Head Office of the Company in February 2004. He served as the head of the Preparatory Team and
the president of Changchun Branch of the Company in June 2008, the general manager of the Credit
Assessment Department of the Company in August 2009 and an Assistant President of the Company
in 2012. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Shi served as a director of the Finance Department of
Hebei University of Economics and Business from 1995 to 1998 and an executive member of Taihang
Industrial Co., Ltd. of Hebei Institute of Finance and Economics from 1992 to 1995. Mr. Shi obtained his
Master’s Degree in Management from Tianjin Institute of Finance and Economics.


     Ms. Li Bin, born in 1967, has been an Executive Vice President of the Company since September
2016. Ms. Li joined the Company in 1995 and served as the director (person in charge) of the Fund
Division of the International Business Department of the Company. She served as a deputy general
manager of the Interbank Business Department of the Company in October 2000, the general manager
of the Derivative Products Department of the Company in May 2007, the president of the Financial
Markets SBU of the Company in May 2009 and an Assistant President of the Company in 2012. Prior
to joining the Company, Ms. Li worked in the International Department of Beijing Branch of Agricultural
Bank of China from August 1990 to July 1995. Ms. Li obtained her Doctor’s Degree in Finance from the
School of Finance of Renmin University of China.


     Mr. Lin Yunshan, born in 1970, has been an Executive Vice President of the Company since
September 2016. Mr. Lin joined the Company in 2001, and served as the director of the Bills Business
Division of the Corporate Business Department of the Company from 2002 to 2003, an assistant general
manager of the Corporate Business Department of the Company from 2003 to 2005, a vice president
of Shenzhen Branch of the Company from 2005 to 2007, the executive director of the Office of the
Corporate Banking Management Commission of the Company and then the general manager of the
Corporate Banking Department of the Company from 2007 to 2012, and an Assistant President of
the Company in 2012. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lin served as a principal staff member of the
Supervisory Department I of the PBOC from 1999 to 2001, the principal staff member of the Payment
System Division of the Payment Technology Department of the PBOC from 1998 to 1999, and a deputy
principal staff member and the principal staff member of the Accounting Department of the PBOC from
1993 to 1998. Mr. Lin obtained his Master’s Degree in Finance from Renmin University of China.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2019   159




                          Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


     Mr. Hu Qinghua, born in 1963, has been the Chief Risk Officer of the Company since February
2017 and has concurrently been the Executive Vice President of the Company since June 2018. Mr.
Hu joined the Company in November 1999, and served as a vice president of Nanjing Branch of the
Company, a vice deputy head of the Preparatory Team of Fuzhou Branch of the Company and a vice
president of Fuzhou Branch of the Company since November 1999 to March 2002, the president of
Chengdu Branch of the Company since March 2002 to January 2007, the president of Nanjing Branch
of the Company since January 2007 to March 2015, the president of Shanghai Branch of the Company
since March 2015 to February 2017 and concurrently the president of Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone
Branch of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hu served as a staff member of Jiangsu
Branch of the PBOC, a deputy principal staff member of the gold and silver management division, the
manager and the assistant general manager of the Financial Centre of Jiangsu Branch of the PBOC.
He served as a deputy head (person in charge) of the Chengnan office under Nanjing Branch of Huaxia
Bank from 1995 to 1997 and the president of Chengnan Sub-Branch of Nanjing Branch of Huaxia Bank
from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Hu obtained his EMBA Degree from Nanjing University.


    Ms. Bai Dan, born in 1963, has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since April 2012
and also has been acting as the Board Secretary of the Company since 4 April 2018. Ms. Bai is also
a vice chairwoman of the Asset and Liability Management Committee and the chairwoman of the
Financial Management Committee of the Company. Ms. Bai joined the Company in 2000 and served as
a deputy general manager of the Planning and Finance Department of the Company. She also served
as a deputy general manager and the general manager of the Accounting and Settlement Department
and the general manager of the Finance and Accounting Department of the Company since January
2002 and December 2008 respectively. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Bai served as an assistant
general manager, a deputy general manager and the general manager of the Finance and Accounting
Department of Dalian Branch of the Bank of Communications from 1993 to 2000, and an accountant,
a deputy head and the head of Dalian Development Zone Sub-Branch of the Bank of Communications
from 1988 to 1993. Ms. Bai obtained her MBA Degree from Beijing Jiaotong University and is an
accountant.


     Mr. Zhang Yuebo, born in 1962, has been the Chief Audit Officer of the Company since February
2017. Mr. Zhang joined the Company in July 1995, and served as a member of the Preparatory Team
of the Company until January 1996, a deputy director of the Accounting Department of the Head
Office of the Company from January 1996 to October 1996, a deputy general manager of the Beijing
Administrative Department and the president of Zhongguancun Sub-Branch of the Company from
October 1996 to May 1999, a deputy general manager (person-in-charge) and the general manager
of the Finance and Accounting Department from May 1999 to May 2001, and the general manager
of the Planning and Finance Department and the IT Department of Head Office of the Company
from May 2001 to February 2002. Mr. Zhang went on a government-funded study at West Virginia
University from February 2002 to June 2003. He then served as the general manager and the chief
internal audit executive of the Internal Audit Department of the Company from July 2003 to May 2010,
160   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


the chief internal audit executive of the Company from May 2010 to February 2017, and has been the
general manager of the Internal Audit Department of the Company since May 2010. Prior to joining the
Company, Mr. Zhang Yuebo was previously the director of the Finance Department of Trust Investment
Company for Development of Rural Villages in China from March 1992 to June 1995, the director of the
accounting division of Xisi Sub-Branch of Beijing Branch of China Construction Bank from July 1983 to
March 1992. Mr. Zhang Yuebo obtained his Master’s Degree in Law from Peking University and his MBA
Degree from West Virginia University.


     Mr. Ouyang Yong, born in 1963, has been the Assistant President of the Company since
April 2018 and the president of Shanghai Branch and Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch of
the Company and concurrently the general manager of Shanghai Branch of the Financial Markets
Department of the Company. Mr. Ouyang joined the Company in August 2001, and served as an
assistant president of Qingshan Sub-Branch of Wuhan Branch of the Company, the assistant director
and the deputy director (person-in-charge) of the General Office of Wuhan Branch of the Company
and the president of Qingshan Sub-Branch of Wuhan Branch of the Company since August 2001,
the director of the Retail Banking Department and the secretary of Discipline Inspection Committee of
Fuzhou Branch of the Company from January 2006 to October 2007. Mr. Ouyang also served as the
vice president (person-in-charge) of Taiyuan Branch of the Company, the president of Taiyuan Branch
of the Company, the president of Shenzhen Branch of the Company from October 2007 to November
2014. Mr. Ouyang served as the general manager of the Human Resources Department of the
Company from November 2014 to July 2017. Mr. Ouyang served as the president of Shanghai Branch
and Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch of the Company since August 2017, and concurrently
the general manager of Shanghai Branch of the Financial Markets Department of the Company since
September 2017. Before joining the Company, Mr. Ouyang served as an officer and the vice secretary
(main) of the Youth League of Jiangxi Dexing Copper Mine Concentrator, the deputy director of
Shihua Office of ICBC in Jiujiang, Jiangxi Province and the vice president and the director of Business
Department of Jiujiang Branch of Agricultural Development Bank of China in Jiangxi Province. Mr.
Ouyang obtained his MBA Degree from Wuhan University.


Company Secretary

     Ms. Wong Wai Yee, Ella, aged 44, is a director of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited
(hereinafter referred to as “Tricor”), a global professional services provider specialising in integrated
business, corporate and investor services. Ms. Wong has over 20 years of experience in the corporate
secretarial field and has been providing professional corporate services to Hong Kong listed companies
as well as multinational, private and offshore companies. Ms. Wong is a Chartered Secretary, a
Chartered Governance Professional and a Fellow of both The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered
Secretaries and The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly The Institute of Chartered Secretaries
and Administrators). Ms. Wong is a holder of the Practitioner’s Endorsement from HKICS. (Note:
The Company has engaged Tricor as an external service provider and appointed Ms. Wong as the
Company’s Company Secretary since 20 February 2017.)
                                                                                  Annual Report 2019   161




                           Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


(IV) Changes of Information of Directors and Supervisors

1.   Mr. Lu Zhiqiang, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, ceased to serve as the chairman of
     China Minsheng Trust Co., Ltd.;
2.   Mr. Shi Yuzhu, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, was appointed as the chairman of Giant
     Interactive Group Inc (formerly Shanghai Zhengtu Network Technology Co., Ltd);
3.   Mr. Wu Di, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, was appointed as a standing committee
     member of Chinese Boxing Federation;
4.   Mr. Song Chunfeng, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, was appointed as the vice president
     of China Shipowners’ Association, vice chairman of Quanzhou Jinjiang COSCO Development
     Limited, executive director of China P&I Management Co., Ltd., director of China P & I Services
     (Hong Kong) Limited, executive director of Shanghai Haixing Asset Management Limited, director of
     CPI Services (UK) Ltd.;
5.   Mr. Weng Zhenjie, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, ceased to serve as a director of ABC
     Life Insurance Co., Ltd.;
6.   Mr. Liu Jipeng, an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, was appointed as an
     independent non-executive director of China-Singapore Suzhou Industrial Park Development Group
     Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 601512));
7.   Mr. Li Hancheng, an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, was appointed as a
     lawyer of Beijing S&P Law Firm (Haikou Office);
8.   Mr. Liu Ningyu, an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, was appointed as
     the managing partner of Zhongshenzhonghuan Certified Public Accountants (special general
     partnership). Mr. Liu ceased to serve as the managing partner of Ruihua Certified Public
     Accountants (special general partnership)(瑞華會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥）);
9.   Mr. Zhang Bo, a Supervisor of the Company, was appointed as the chairman of China Minsheng
     Trust Co., Ltd.;
10. Mr. Bao Jiming, a Supervisor of the Company, ceased to serve as an independent non-executive
    director of Antong Holdings Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600179)).
162   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


(V) Appointment and resignation of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management during
the Reporting Period and the reasons therefor

   During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the
Company resigned.


(VI) Service contracts of Directors and Supervisors

     In accordance with rules 19A.54 and 19A.55 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has
entered into contracts with its Directors and Supervisors in respect of compliance with the relevant
laws and regulations, the Articles of Association of the Company and the provisions of arbitration.
Except as disclosed above, the Company has not entered into and does not intend to enter into any
service contracts with its Directors or Supervisors in respect of their services as Directors or Supervisors
(excluding the service contracts which will expire within one year or are terminable by the Group within
one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation).


(VII) Directors’ interests in competing business

     Mr. Liu Yonghao, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, is a director of Sichuan Xinwang Bank
Co., Ltd. (“Sichuan Xinwang Bank”) and holds 30% equity interest of Sichuan Xinwang Bank through
New Hope Group Co., Ltd., which is controlled by him. To the best knowledge of the Company,
Sichuan Xinwang Bank was established on 28 December 2016 upon the approval by China’s banking
regulatory authorities and is an internet-based bank with scope of business including taking in
deposits from the general public, granting loans, handling domestic and foreign settlements; handling
the acceptance and discounting of negotiable instruments; issuing financial bonds; engaging in the
business of bank cards; buying and selling foreign exchange and acting as an agent for the purchase
and sale of foreign exchange; engaging in interbank lending; providing letter of credit services and
guaranty; acting as an agent for the receipt and payment of money and acting as an insurance agent.
As at the end of December 2019, total assets, net assets, net assets per share, deposits and loans of
Sichuan Xinwang Bank were RMB44,153 million, RMB4,305 million, RMB1.43, RMB26,724 million and
RMB33,444 million, respectively. Therefore, Sichuan Xinwang Bank is very different from the Company
in terms of operation mode and operation scale. Mr. Liu Yonghao is just one of the directors of Sichuan
Xinwang Bank and not the chairman of the board of directors of Sichuan Xinwang Bank. In addition, in
accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Liu Yonghao shall abstain from voting
in respect of resolutions in relation to Sichuan Xinwang Bank. As such, the interest of Mr. Liu Yonghao in
Sichuan Xinwang Bank is not in conflict with his responsibilities as a Director of the Company.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   163




                           Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


    Mr. Wu Di, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, is a director of Hangzhou United Rural
Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou United Bank”) and has no interest in the equity in Hangzhou
United Bank. To the best knowledge of the Company, Hangzhou United Bank was established on
5 January 2011. The customers of Hangzhou United Bank are mainly from rural areas and local
communities as well as SMEs. Hangzhou United Bank is a local joint-stock bank of limited liabilities
with a registered capital of RMB1,750 million. As at the end of December 2019, total assets, net
assets, net assets per share, deposits and loans of Hangzhou United Bank were RMB208,812 million,
RMB19,098 million, RMB9.43, RMB159,171 million and RMB122,186 million, respectively. Therefore,
Hangzhou United Bank is very different from the Company in terms of scale and geographical coverage
of business. Mr. Wu Di is just one of the directors and not the chairman of the board of directors of
Hangzhou United Bank. In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Wu Di shall
abstain from voting in respect of resolutions in relation to Hangzhou United Bank. As such, the interest
of Mr. Wu Di in Hangzhou United Bank is not in conflict with his responsibilities as a Director of the
Company.


     Mr. Weng Zhenjie, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, is a director of Chongqing Three
Gorges Bank Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Three Gorges Bank”) and a director of Hefei Science & Technology
Rural Commercial Bank Company Limited (“Hefei Science & Technology Rural Commercial Bank”) and
has no interest in the equity in these two banks. To the best knowledge of the Company, Chongqing
Three Gorges Bank was established as a joint-stock city commercial bank in February 2008. Based on
the unaudited financial information as at 31 December 2019, the total assets, net assets, net assets per
share, deposits and loans of Chongqing Three Gorges Bank were RMB208,399 million, approximately
RMB15,451 million, RMB2.77, RMB133,809 million and RMB85,333 million, respectively. Hefei
Science & Technology Rural Commercial Bank was established on 14 February 2007 and is a regional
rural commercial bank providing services for SMEs, agriculture-related enterprises, rural enterprises,
technological enterprises and local enterprises. Based on the unaudited financial information as at 31
December 2019, the total assets, net assets, net assets per share, deposits and loans of Hefei Science
& Technology Rural Commercial Bank were RMB102,231 million, approximately RMB7,188 million,
RMB3.99, RMB63,500 million and RMB43,871 million, respectively. Therefore, Chongqing Three Gorges
Bank and Hefei Science & Technology Rural Commercial Bank are very different from the Company in
terms of scale and geographical coverage of business. Mr. Weng Zhenjie is just one of the directors and
not the chairman of the board of directors of either of Chongqing Three Gorges Bank and Hefei Science
& Technology Rural Commercial Bank. In addition, in accordance with the Articles of Association of the
Company, Mr. Weng Zhenjie shall abstain from voting in respect of resolutions in relation to either of
Chongqing Three Gorges Bank and Hefei Science & Technology Rural Commercial Bank. As such, the
interests of Mr. Weng Zhenjie in Chongqing Three Gorges Bank and Hefei Science & Technology Rural
Commercial Bank are not in conflict with his responsibilities as a Director of the Company.


     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors holds any interests in businesses which competes
or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Company.
164       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


(VIII) Interests of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive in the securities of the
Company or its associated corporations under Hong Kong laws and regulations

(I)      As at 31 December 2019, the following Directors/Supervisor of the Company had the following
         interests in the shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the
         Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO and as the Company is aware of:


                                                                                                                             Percentage        Percentage
                                           Class of     Long/short                                                       of the relevant     of all the issued
 Name                      Position                                         Capacity     Number of shares       Notes
                                            shares        position                                                       class of shares     ordinary shares
                                                                                                                             in issue (%)          (%)
 Liu Yonghao         Non-Executive             A       Long position Interest held by       1,930,715,189         1                   5.44                4.41
                       Director                                         his controlled
                                                                        corporation(s)
                                               H       Long position Interest held by          97,388,000         2                   1.17                0.22
                                                                        his controlled
                                                                        corporation(s)
 Zhang Hongwei       Non-Executive             A       Long position Interest held by       1,315,117,123         3                   3.71                3.00
                       Director                                         his controlled
                                                                        corporation(s)
 Lu Zhiqiang         Non-Executive             A       Long position Interest held by       2,019,182,618         4                   5.69                4.61
                       Director                                         his controlled
                                                                        corporation(s)
                                               H       Long position Interest held by       1,020,538,470         5                  12.27                2.33
                                                                        his controlled
                                                                        corporation(s)
                                               H       Short position Interest held by        422,554,615         5                   5.08                0.97
                                                                        his controlled
                                                                        corporation(s)
 Shi Yuzhu           Non-Executive             A       Long position Interest held by       1,379,679,587         6                   3.89                3.15
                       Director                                         his controlled
                                                                        corporation(s)
 Wang Jiazhi         Employee Supervisor       A       Long position Beneficial owner             911,664                            0.003               0.002


Notes:

1.       The 1,930,715,189 A shares comprised 102,387,827 A shares directly held by South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. and 1,828,327,362 A shares directly
         held by New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd. 51% of the issued share capital of South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. was held by New Hope Group Co.,
         Ltd., while New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd. was held as to 25% and 75% of its issued share capital by New Hope Group Co., Ltd. and New
         Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd. respectively. 24.86% and 29.08% of the issued share capital of New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd. were held by New Hope Group
         Co., Ltd. and South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. respectively. According to the SFO, New Hope Group Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the
         102,387,827 A shares held by South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. and 1,828,327,362 A shares held by New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.

         As Mr. Liu Yonghao held 62.34% of the issued share capital of New Hope Group Co., Ltd., Mr. Liu Yonghao was deemed to be interested in the
         1,930,715,189 A shares held by New Hope Group Co., Ltd. according to the SFO. Such interests held by Mr. Liu Yonghao and the interests held by
         New Hope Group Co., Ltd., Ms. Li Wei and Ms. Liu Chang, the details of which are disclosed in the section headed “Substantial shareholders’ and
         other persons’ interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company under Hong Kong laws and regulations” in this Annual
         Report, were the same block of shares.

2.       The 97,388,000 H shares (Long position) were directly held by South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. (see note 1 above).

3.       The 1,315,117,123 A shares were directly held by Orient Group Incorporation. 29.66% of the issued share capital of Orient Group Incorporation was
         held by Orient Group Co., Ltd. 94% of the issued share capital of Orient Group Co., Ltd. was held by Mingze Orient Investment Co., Ltd. (名澤東方
         投資有限公司), while Mingze Orient Investment Co., Ltd. was wholly-owned by Mr. Zhang Hongwei. As disclosed in the section headed “Substantial
         shareholders’ and other persons’ interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company under Hong Kong laws and
         regulations” in this Annual Report, Orient Group Incorporation is a party to the acting in concert agreement.
                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2019        165




                                          Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


4.      The 2,019,182,618 A shares were held by China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd., of which 98% of the issued share capital was held by
        Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd., which was wholly-owned by Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd. Mr. Lu Zhiqiang held 77.14% of the issued share capital of Tohigh
        Holdings Co., Ltd.

5.      The 1,020,538,470 H shares (Long position) comprised 8,237,520 H shares directly held by China Oceanwide International Investment Company
        Limited, 604,300,950 H shares directly held by Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited and 408,000,000 H shares directly held by Long
        Prosper Capital Company Limited, while the 422,554,615 H shares (Short position) are directly held by Oceanwide International Equity Investment
        Limited. Long Prosper Capital Company Limited was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited. 92.3% of the
        issued share capital of Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited was indirectly held by Oceanwide Holdings Co., Ltd., while all of the issued
        share capital of China Oceanwide International Investment Company Limited and 68.49% of the issued share capital of Oceanwide Holdings Co., Ltd.
        were held by China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (see note 4 above).

6.      The 1,379,679,587 A shares were held by Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. 90.49% of the issued share capital of Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.
        was held by Giant Investment Co., Ltd., of which 97.86% of the issued share capital was held by Mr. Shi Yuzhu.




(II) As at 31 December 2019, the following Director of the Company had the following interests in
     Pengzhou Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company:


                                                                                                                                               Percentage
                                                                                                                  Contribution to
                                                  Long/short                                                                                    of the total
  Name                       Position                                               Capacity                      the registered      Note
                                                   position                                                                                     registered
                                                                                                                       capital
                                                                                                                                                capital (%)
  Liu Yonghao      Non-Executive Director      Long position    Interest held by his controlled corporation(s)     RMB2,000,000         1           3.64

Note:

New Hope Group Co., Ltd. is interested in RMB2,000,000 of the registered capital of Pengzhou Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd. As Mr. Liu Yonghao held
62.34% of the issued share capital of New Hope Group Co., Ltd., Mr. Liu Yonghao was deemed to be interested in the equity interest held by New Hope
Group Co., Ltd. in Pengzhou Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd. according to the SFO.




(III)   As at 31 December 2019, the following Director of the Company had the following interests in
        Shanghai Songjiang Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company:


                                                                                                                                               Percentage
                                                                                                                  Contribution to
                                                  Long/short                                                                                    of the total
  Name                       Position                                               Capacity                      the registered      Note
                                                   position                                                                                     registered
                                                                                                                       capital
                                                                                                                                                capital (%)
  Shi Yuzhu        Non-Executive Director      Long position    Interest held by his controlled corporation(s)    RMB24,000,000         1            10

Note:

Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. is interested in RMB24,000,000 of the registered capital of Shanghai Songjiang Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd. 90.49% of
the issued share capital of Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. was held by Giant Investment Co., Ltd., of which 97.86% of the issued share capital was held by
Mr. Shi Yuzhu. Mr. Shi Yuzhu was deemed to be interested in the equity interest held by Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. in Shanghai Songjiang Minsheng
Rural Bank Co., Ltd. according to the SFO.
166     China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


(IV) As at 31 December 2019, the following Director of the Company had the following interests in Tibet
     Linzhi Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company:


                                                                                                                                              Percentage
                                                                                                                Contribution to
                                                Long/short                                                                                    of the total
 Name                        Position                                             Capacity                       the registered      Note
                                                  position                                                                                    registered
                                                                                                                     capital
                                                                                                                                              capital (%)
 Shi Yuzhu        Non-Executive Director      Long position    Interest held by his controlled corporation(s)    RMB2,500,000          1           10

Note:

Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. is interested in RMB2,500,000 of the registered capital of Tibet Linzhi Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd. 90.49% of the issued
share capital of Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. was held by Giant Investment Co., Ltd., of which 97.86% of the issued share capital was held by Mr. Shi
Yuzhu. Mr. Shi Yuzhu was deemed to be interested in the equity interest held by Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. in Tibet Linzhi Minsheng Rural Bank Co.,
Ltd. according to the SFO.




    Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2019, none of the Directors, Supervisors or chief
executive held or was deemed to hold any interests and/or short positions in the shares, underlying
shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (as defined in the SFO),
which were recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or which were
required to be notified to the Company and the SEHK pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO and the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, nor had they been
granted such rights.


(IX) Contractual rights and service contracts of Directors and Supervisors

    No contract of significance, to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in
which a Director or Supervisor of the Company had a material interest, subsisted during the Reporting
Period. None of the Directors and Supervisors of the Company has entered into any service contract
with the Company which is not terminable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation (excluding statutory compensation).
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   167




                                      Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


(X) Financial, business and family relationships among Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management

     The Company has made enquiries to confirm that, among the members of the Board and the Board
of Supervisors of the Company, Mr. Lu Zhiqiang, a Vice Chairman, is currently the chairman of the board
of directors, president and ultimate controller of China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd., while Mr.
Zhang Bo, a Supervisor, is the chairman of the board of directors of China Minsheng Trust Co., Ltd.,
a subsidiary of China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Liu Yonghao, the Vice Chairman, is
currently the chairman of the board of directors and substantial shareholder of New Hope Group Co.,
Ltd., while Mr. Wang Hang, a Supervisor, is a vice chairman of the board of directors of New Hope
Group Co., Ltd. Save as disclosed above, there are no other relationships between the members of the
Board and the Board of Supervisors, including financial, business, family or other material or relevant
relationships.


II. Employees

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 58,933 employees, of which 56,295 were
employees of the Company and 2,638 were employees of the subsidiaries of the Company. Divided
by work nature, 6,326 employees were categorised as the management, 27,793 employees as the
marketing team, and 22,176 employees as the technical team. The Company had 55,609 employees
with tertiary qualification or above, accounting for 98.8% of the total number of employees. During the
Reporting Period, 455 employees of the Company have retired.


Note: The technical team represents other personnel except the management and the marketing team, including personnel engaging in product research
      and development, risk management, information technology and operation support, etc.




                     Employee Structure —                                                       Employee Structure —
                  By work nature (Unit: person)                                                   By qualification


                                          6,326                                                            1.4%




                      22,176



                                                27,793
                                                                                                                    98.8%




              management team          marketing team        technical team                  tertiary qualification or above    others
168   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


    The guiding principles of the Company’s remuneration policy are to further consolidate the
important role of human resources allocation in promoting the implementation of strategies and
enhancing the capital control in accordance with the strategic transformation requirements and
business goals of the Company by adhering to its incentive principle which was based on input and
output evaluation. It also strove to enhance the effectiveness of remuneration incentive policy in risk
management and control to further improve the risk management and control of the Company.


      In 2019, in accordance with the requirements of full implementation of strategic transformation
and human resources development planning, the Company focused on planning and designing
systematic training programmes. The Company also strengthened the establishment of platforms for
better technological support. Education level was improved to provide higher quality services for all
kinds of training. During the Reporting Period, the Company organised 3,426 training programmes for
240,000 participants and 1,361 online learning courses for 1,650,000 participants, with a total of 3.42
million learning hours and a total of 4.93 million credits. The Company also organised six qualification
examinations with 110,000 participants. 60,000 certificates were issued to participants and the
percentage of employees of different positions holding multiple certificates amounted to 91%, which
further improved the comprehensive business capability of employees.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2019        169




                                 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


III. Business Network

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had set up 42 branches in 41 cities across
China, with 2,610 banking outlets in total.


      During the Reporting Period, the Company did not open any new branch.


      Major entities of the Company as at the end of the Reporting Period are shown as follows:


                                                Total assets
                        Number                (RMB in millions)
 Name of entity                   Headcount                                                                  Address
                       of outlets           (excluding deferred
                                            income tax assets)
 Head Office                1       13,882       3,986,737      No. 2 Fuxingmennei Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing
 Beijing Branch           169       3,721         836,256       No. 2 Fuxingmennei Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing
 Shanghai Branch           89       2,557         428,001       No. 100 Pudong Nan Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai
 Guangzhou Branch          89       2,285         242,792       Minsheng Tower, No. 68 Liede Avenue, Zhujiang New Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
 Shenzhen Branch           78       2,059         230,780       Minsheng Finance Tower, Haitian Road, Futian District, Shenzhen
 Wuhan Branch             108       1,498          98,969       China Minsheng Bank Tower, No. 396 Xinhua Road, Jianghan District, Wuhan
                                                                3–5/F, 9–21/F, Block 3,Tower B, Shanxi International Finance Centre, No. 426
 Taiyuan Branch           114       1,382          99,783
                                                                  Nanzhonghuan Street, Xiaodian District, Taiyuan
 Shijiazhuang Branch      156        2,109         92,374       Minsheng Bank Tower,No. 197 Yu Hua Dong Road,Chang’an District, Shijiazhuang
 Dalian Branch             54         865          77,534       Minsheng International Finance Centre, No. 52 Renmin Dong Road, Zhongshan District, Dalian
 Nanjing Branch           200       3,140         351,007       No. 20 Hongwu Bei Road, Nanjing
                                                                Block Jinzun, Zunbao Mansion, No. 98 Shimin Street, Qianjiang New Town, Jianggan District,
 Hangzhou Branch           94       1,727         172,908
                                                                  Hangzhou
 Chongqing Branch         111        1,015         91,355       Tongjuyuanjing Building, No. 9 Jianxin Bei Road, Jiangbei District, Chongqing
 Xi’an Branch              86        1,175         76,208       China Minsheng Bank Tower, No. 78 Erhuan Nan Road Xiduan, Xi’an
 Fuzhou Branch             52         950          49,959       No. 282 Hudong Road, Fuzhou
 Jinan Branch             145       1,921         117,858       No. 229 Luoyuan Street, Jinan
 Ningbo Branch             43         748          48,445       No. 815 Ju Xian Road, Gaoxin District, Ningbo
 Chengdu Branch           123       1,420         113,377       Block 6, No. 966 Tianfu Avenue Beiduan, Gaoxin District, Chengdu
 Tianjin Branch            55         915          78,339       China Minsheng Bank Tower, No. 43 Jianshe Road, Heping District, Tianjin
 Kunming Branch           100         839          57,416       No. 11800 Caiyun Bei Road, Kunming
 Quanzhou Branch           47         559          25,473       No. 689 Citong Road, Fengze District,Quanzhou
 Suzhou Branch             38       1,123          85,106       Minsheng Finance Tower, Block 23,Times Square, Suzhou Industrial Park,Suzhou
 Qingdao Branch            63         946          91,171       No. 190, Hai’er Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao
 Wenzhou Branch            20         554          50,472       Minsheng Bank, Financial Building, No. 1 Huaijiang Road, Lucheng District, Wenzhou
 Xiamen Branch             26         532          35,342       Xiamen Minsheng Banking Mansion, No. 50 Hubin Nan Road, Xiamen
                                                                Minsheng Bank Tower,No. 1 CBD Shangwu Waihuan Road, Zhengdong New District,
 Zhengzhou Branch         124       1,620          92,888
                                                                  Zhengzhou
 Changsha Branch           50         909          62,518       Minsheng Tower,No. 189 Binjiang Road,Yuelu District, Changsha
 Changchun Branch          28         562          23,631       Minsheng Tower,No. 500 Changchun Avenue, Nanguan District, Changchun
 Hefei Branch              62         766          60,900       Yinbao Building, Intersection of Wuhu Xi Road and Jinzhai Road, Shushan District,Hefei
 Nanchang Branch           45         596          54,872       No. 545, Huizhan Road, Honggutan New District, Nanchang
 Shantou Branch            29         439          26,699       1–3/F, Huajing Plaza, No. 17 Hanjiang Road, Longhu District, Shantou
                                                                1–3/F, 3M/F, 30–31/F and 36/F, Block C, China Resources Building, No. 136-5 Minzu Avenue,
 Nanning Branch            35         562          64,562
                                                                  Nanning
                                                                China Minsheng Bank Tower, Block C, Oriental Junzuo, No. 20 Chile Chuan Avenue,
 Hohhot Branch             24         383          27,359
                                                                  Saihan District, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia
 Shenyang Branch           50         484          22,634       No. 65 Nanjing Bei Street, Heping District, Shenyang
                                                                40/F and 4106–08, 41/F, Two International Finance Centre, 8 Finance Street, Central,
 Hong Kong Branch           1         222         179,376
                                                                  Hong Kong
170      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


                                                          Total assets
                                  Number                (RMB in millions)
 Name of entity                             Headcount                                                                Address
                                 of outlets           (excluding deferred
                                                      income tax assets)
 Guiyang Branch                      41        491           53,642       No. 33 Changling Nan Road, Gaoxin District, Guiyang
 Haikou Branch                       21        185            9,891       Zhonghuan International Plaza, No. 77 Binhai Avenue, Longhua District, Haikou
 Lhasa Branch                         5        172           11,416       Global Plaza, No. 8 Beijing Xi Road, Lhasa
 Shanghai Pilot Free Trade
                                     2          102             64,959        40/F, No. 100 Pudong Nan Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai
   Zone Branch
 Harbin Branch                      10          221             11,385        1–6/F, Zone One, Olympic Centre, No. 11 Aijian Road, Daoli District, Harbin
 Lanzhou Branch                     11          256             15,096        1–4/F, Gansu Daily Press Plaza, No. 123 Baiyin Road, Chengguan District, Lanzhou
 Urumqi Branch                      4           176             12,838        No. 314, Yangzijiang Road, Saybagh District, Urumqi
                                                                              1–4/F, Annex Building of Telecom Industrial Tower, No. 102 Kunlun Zhong Road,
 Xining Branch                       3          123              8,871
                                                                                Chengzhong District, Xining
 Yinchuan Branch                     4         104               4,454        1–5/F, Block 19, Jinhaimingyue, No. 106 Shanghai Xi Road, Jinfeng District, Yinchuan
 Inter-Region adjustment             —          —             (1,903,026)
 Total                             2,610      56,295           6,442,627

Notes:

1.       The number of institutions takes into account all types of banking outlets, including the Head Office, 42 tier-one branches and 41 business
         departments of branches (excluding the Hong Kong Branch), tier-two branches, remote sub-branches, county-level sub-branches, intra-city sub-
         branches, community sub-branches, small-business special sub-branches and small-business sub-branches;

2.       Headcount of the Head Office includes the total number of the employees in SBUs, such as Credit Card Centre, excluding employees of the
         branches;

3.       Inter-region adjustment arises from the reconciliation and elimination of inter-region balances.
             Annual Report 2019   171




Corporate
Governance
172     China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


I. Corporate Governance Structure
                                                                                         Strategic Development and
                                                              Shareholders’         Consumer Rights Protection Committee
                                                             General Meeting
                                                                                        Risk Management Committee

 Supervisory Committee                                                                    Related Party Transactions
                                                                                           Supervision Committee
                             Board of Supervisors            Board of Directors
    Nomination and                                                                         Nomination Committee
 Examination Committee
                                                                                  Compensation and Remuneration Committee


                                                                                              Audit Committee



     Board Secretary               Chief Financial Officer     Management


                             Asset and Liability                                   Product and Business Innovation
                          Management Commission                                       Management Commission


                                  Risk
                                                                                     IT Management Commission
                          Management Commission


                         Marketing and Development                                       Inclusive Finance
                          Management Commission                                       Management Commission




II. Corporate Governance Overview

    During the Reporting Period, the Company further optimised its mechanisms and rule systems of
corporate governance, enhanced strategic evaluation, refined internal control and enhanced compliance
management of related party transactions. Performances of the Directors and the Senior Management
were evaluated regularly, the supervisory functions were fully conducted, and the Company’s overall
corporate governance was improved. Details are as follows:


1.     During the Reporting Period, the Company had convened a total of 79 meetings, including two
       general meetings, 12 Board meetings, 39 meetings of the special committees of the Board, eight
       meetings of the Board of Supervisors and 18 meetings of the special committees of the Board
       of Supervisors. 316 resolutions including regular reports of the Company, working reports of the
       Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, working reports of the President, financial budgets
       and final account reports, profit distribution proposals and policy revisions were considered and
       approved at these meetings.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   173




                                                                    Corporate Governance


2.    In accordance with the regulatory requirements and actual operation needs, the Company had
      introduced the Guiding Opinion on Risk Management by the Board for 2019 (《董事會2019年風險
      管理指導意見》), Statement on Risk Appetite of China Minsheng Bank (First Edition) (《中國民生
      銀行風險偏好陳述書（第一版）》), Administrative Measures on Overall Risk Management of China
      Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行全面風險管理辦法》), Administrative Rules on Operational Risk
      of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行操作風險管理制度》), Basic Administrative Measures
      on Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Risks of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行洗
      錢與恐怖融資風險管理基本辦法》), Administrative Measures on Risk Limits of China Minsheng
      Bank (《中國民生銀行風險限額管理辦法》), Administrative Measures on Case Prevention of China
      Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行案防工作管理辦法》), Administrative Measures on Recovery
      and Disposal Plans of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行恢復與處置計劃管理辦法》) and
      Basic Rules for Risk Measurement Model Verification and Management of China Minsheng Bank
     (《中國民生銀行風險計量模型驗證管理基本制度》). The Company has also made nearly 18
      amendments, including the Terms of Reference of the Risk Management Committee under the
      Board of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行股份有限公司董事會風險管理委員會工作細則》),
      Administrative Measures on Risk Appetite of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行風險偏好管理
      辦法》), Administrative Measures on Stress Test of China Minsheng Bank (2018 Revision) (《中國民
      生銀行壓力測試管理辦法（2018年修訂）》), Administrative Measures on Assessment of Corporate
      Customers of China Minsheng Bank (《民生銀行公司法人客戶評級管理辦法》), Administrative
      Measures on Impairment of Financial Assets of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行金融資
      產減值管理辦法》), Administrative Measures on Business Sustainability of China Minsheng Bank
     (《中國民生銀行業務連續性管理辦法》), Administrative Measures on Outsourcing Risk of China
      Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行外包風險管理辦法》), Administrative Measures on Information
      Technology Risk of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行信息科技風險管理辦法》) and the
      Terms of Reference of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
      under the Board of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行股份有限公司董事會戰略發展與消
      費者權益保護委員會工作細則》). The corporate governance system of the Company has been
      further improved by the formulation and amendment of the above rules and regulations. The Board
      and the Board of Supervisors continued to enhance the corporate governance of the Company by
      ceaselessly strengthening the implementation and the enforcement of the rules and regulations.


3.   According to the Provisional Measures on Performance Evaluation of Directors (《董事履職評
     價試行辦法》), the Company completed the annual performance appraisal of the Directors and
     encouraged their diligent performance of duties and self-discipline. According to the Measures
     on Performance Appraisal of Senior Management (《高級管理人員盡職考評辦法》), the Board
     of the Company evaluated the performance of the Senior Management and determined their
     remunerations based on the results of the performance appraisal in order to continuously facilitate
     the improvement of their capabilities in performing duties.
174    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


4.    During the Reporting Period, interim investigation and evaluation on reform and transformation were
      carried out jointly by the Board and the Board of Supervisors in order to assess the implementation
      of three major strategies, operation management, risk management and internal control and
      compliance of the Head Office and branches of the Company. Special focus was placed on the
      implementation features and effectiveness of the Company’s strategies of NSOEs and supply chain
      finance projects. These efforts allowed the Company to understand and evaluate the effectiveness
      of its reform and transformation, the implementation of strategies and existing problems. Special
      investigation reports were also prepared to provide objective and comprehensive support for
      decision-making of improvements and adjustments of its strategies in the future.


5.    During the Reporting Period, in order to fulfill the training requirement of the qualifications of
      directors and supervisors imposed by the regulatory authorities and enhance capabilities of the
      Directors and Supervisors, the Company successively arranged the Directors and Supervisors
      to participate in training programmes for directors and supervisors organised by the regulatory
      authorities.


6.    During the Reporting Period, the Board conducted special studies on some branches and
      subsidiaries and prepared special study reports. The studies allowed the Directors to have a
      whole picture of the Company and guaranteed the scientific decision making of the Board. The
      Audit Committee of the Board of the Company conducted site visits of internal control to six
      branches, including the Taizhou Branch, the Guangzhou Branch and the Jiaxing Branch and the
      Shanghai Branch, to have in-depth understanding of their internal control management and provide
      management advices. The Audit Committee of the Board of the Company also supervised and
      evaluated the internal auditing of the Company, which had a significant impact on facilitating the
      healthy and sustainable development of businesses of the business units. The Risk Management
      Committee of the Board of the Company had analysed the risk-adjusted return and submitted a
      report thereon to the Board of Directors as a base for strategic decisions on risks.


7.    During the Reporting Period, the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the Board
      continued to strengthen the collation and update of information on related parties to consolidate the
      foundation for compliance management of related party transactions. Efforts were made to further
      regulate management process of related party transactions and improve the management systems
      of affiliated institutions in order to facilitate the overall management of related party transactions
      within the Group. It also established the management platform of related party transactions to
      enhance management abilities and ensure the compliant, orderly and efficient management of
      related party transactions.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   175




                                                                      Corporate Governance


8.   During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed all material information in accordance
     with the relevant requirements and continued to enhance the transparency of the Company,
     ensuring all shareholders have an equal opportunity to access the information of the Company.
     The management of investor relations of the Company was carried out in accordance with the
     strategies of the Company and fully highlighted the strategic advantages, operation strategies and
     financial results of the Company, which facilitated better understanding by the capital market of the
     Company. Please refer to “Information Disclosure and Investor Relations” in this chapter for details.


9.   According to the internal inspection conducted by the Company, no leakage of confidential
     information of the Company had been found as at the end of the Reporting Period. None of the
     insiders had purchased or sold the shares of the Company taking the advantage of any material
     share price sensitive inside information prior to the disclosure of such information. On 22 March
     2012, the Rules for Insider Registration and Management (《內幕信息知情人登記管理規定》) was
     considered and approved at the 22nd meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the Company.
     Since then, the Company has stringently followed the relevant provisions to conduct registration of
     the insiders possessing insider knowledge for record.


10. The Company conducted a prudent internal inspection and was not aware of any non-compliance
    of the Company’s corporate governance with the regulations regarding corporate governance of
    listed companies promulgated by the CSRC. There were no irregularities of corporate governance
    and no information was provided to substantial shareholders or beneficial owners before such
    information was published to the public.


11. The Company followed the regulatory requirements regarding corporate governance of listed
    companies issued by the CSRC. The Company conducted a prudent internal inspection and was
    not aware of any non-compliance of the Company’s corporate governance with the regulations
    regarding corporate governance of listed companies promulgated by the CSRC. There were no
    irregularities of corporate governance and no information was provided to substantial shareholders
    or actual controllers before such information was published to the public.
176   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


III. Rights of Shareholders

1. Procedures for shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting:

    In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Company shall convene an extraordinary general
meeting within two months at the request of the shareholders individually or jointly holding 10% or more
shares of the Company.


     Shareholders may request to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting by the
following procedures:


     Shareholders individually or jointly holding 10% or more shares of the Company shall have the right
to request the Board of Directors in writing to convene an extraordinary general meeting. The Board of
Directors shall make a written response as to whether or not it will convene the extraordinary general
meeting within 10 days upon receipt of the request.


     If the Board of Directors agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting or class meeting, a
notice of convening such meeting shall be issued within five days after the resolution of the Board of
Directors is passed. Approval of the relevant shareholders must be sought if the resolution contained in
the notice alters the original request.


      If the Board of Directors refuses to convene the extraordinary general meeting or class meeting, or
fails to respond within 10 days upon receipt of the request, shareholders individually or jointly holding
10% or more shares with voting rights in the proposed meeting shall have the right to propose to the
Board of Supervisors in writing to convene such extraordinary general meeting or class meeting.


     If the Board of Supervisors agrees thereto, a notice of convening such extraordinary general meeting
or class meeting shall be issued within five days upon receipt of the proposal. Approval of the relevant
shareholders must be sought if the resolution contained in the notice alters the original request.


    If the Board of Supervisors fails to give the notice of such general meeting or class meeting within
the specified period, it shall be deemed to have failed to convene and preside over such meeting and
shareholders who individually or jointly hold 10% or more of the Company’s shares with voting rights in
the proposed meeting for not less than 90 consecutive days shall have the right to convene and preside
over the meeting.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   177




                                                                      Corporate Governance


     The Board of Directors and the Board Secretary shall provide assistance when necessary for
general meeting convened by the Board of Supervisors or shareholders. The Board of Directors shall
provide the register of shareholders as at the record date. Necessary costs of such general meetings
shall be borne by the Company.


2. Procedures for shareholders to make enquiries to the Board:

     Shareholders may make enquiries in writing to the Board through the Office of the Board of
Directors of the Company at any time. The contact information of the Office of the Board of Directors is
as follows:


    Address: China Minsheng Bank Building, No. 2 Fuxingmennei Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing, China
    Postal Code: 100031
    Telephone: 86-10-58560975
    Facsimile: 86-10-58560720
    Email: cmbc@cmbc.com.cn


3. Procedures for shareholders to put forward proposals at general meetings:

     In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, shareholders jointly holding not
less than 3% of shares of the Company shall be entitled to put forward proposals to the Company.
Shareholders individually or jointly holding no less than 3% of shares of the Company may put forward
provisional proposals to the meeting convener in writing 10 days prior to the date of the general meeting.
Convener of such general meeting shall issue a supplementary notice of the meeting setting out the
content of the provisional proposals within two days upon the receipt of the proposals.


    The Board of Directors shall provide explanation for its decision to exclude any proposal of any
shareholder from the agenda at the relevant general meeting. The contents of such excluded proposal
and explanation of the Board of Directors shall be announced together with the resolutions of the general
meeting after the close of the meeting.


     In the annual general meeting, shareholders holding no less than 3% voting shares and the Board
of Supervisors of the Company are entitled to put forward additional proposals in writing. The Company
shall include the proposals that fall within the scope of power of the general meeting in the agenda of
such meeting.
178   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


    Shareholders may put forward proposals at general meetings through the Office of the Board
of Directors, the contact information of which is set out in the section headed “2. Procedures for
shareholders to make enquiries to the Board”.


IV. General Meetings

    During the Reporting Period, the Company held two general meetings and considered and passed
27 resolutions. Details are as follows:


    On 26 February 2019, the first extraordinary general meeting for 2019, the first A share class
meeting for 2019, the first H share class meeting for 2019 and the first preference share class
meeting for 2019 of the Company were held in Beijing in which the shareholders attended and
voted on-site and online. Please refer to the announcement dated 26 February 2019 published
on the website of the Company (www.cmbc.com.cn), the website of the SSE (www.sse.com.cn)
and the HKEXnews website of the SEHK (www.hkexnews.hk) for details of the resolutions of the
meetings. The announcement was also posted on China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News
and Securities Times on 27 February 2019.


    On 21 June 2019, the 2018 annual general meeting, the second A share class meeting for
2019 and the second H share class meeting for 2019 of the Company were held in Beijing in which
the shareholders attended and voted on-site and online. Please refer to the announcement dated
21 June 2019 published on the website of the Company (www.cmbc.com.cn), the website of SSE
(www.sse.com.cn) and the HKEXnews website of the SEHK (www.hkexnews.hk) for details of the
resolutions of the meetings. The announcement was also posted on China Securities Journal, Shanghai
Securities News and Securities Times on 22 June 2019.


V. Board of Directors

     The Board is an independent decision-making body of the Company, responsible for execution of
the resolutions passed by the general meetings; formulating the Company’s major objectives, policies
and development plans; deciding on the Company’s operating plans, investment proposals and the
establishment of internal management units; preparing annual financial budgets, final accounts and profit
distribution plans; and appointing members of Senior Management. The Company’s management shall
have the autonomy to operate the Company independently and the Board shall not interfere with the
specific matters of the daily operation and management of the Company.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   179




                                                                     Corporate Governance


(I) Composition of the Board

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board of the Company comprises 15 members, of
which seven are Non-Executive Directors, two are Executive Directors and six are Independent Non-
Executive Directors. All Non-Executive Directors hold key positions in renowned enterprises and were
experienced in management, finance and accounting, while the two Executive Directors have been
engaged in banking operation and management for a long time with extensive professional experiences.
The six Independent Non-Executive Directors are experts in economics, finance, accounting, law and
information technology. One of the Independent Non-Executive Directors is from Hong Kong and is
familiar with the IFRS and regulations of the Hong Kong capital market and equipped with extensive
banking management experience.


    The structure of the Board embodies qualities including professionalism, independence and
diversity, which helps ensure that the Board can make decision in a rational manner.


      The Company considers diversified composition of the Board is beneficial to enhance the operating
quality of the Company. Therefore, the Company formulated the Policy of Board Diversity in August
2013, specifying that the Company should take various factors, including but not limited to gender, age,
cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and term of office, into
consideration in determining the members of the Board for more diversified board composition. The
final candidates shall be elected based on his/her value and contributions to the Board. The Nomination
Committee shall supervise the implementation of the Policy of Board Diversity, and shall analyse and
assess the structure, composition and diversity of members of the Board (including but not limited to the
gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and term
of office) and make suggestions to the Board for implementation of the strategies of the Bank annually.


    The list of Directors of the Company and their profiles are shown in the section headed “Directors,
Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” of this report. The status of Independent Non-
Executive Directors has been indicated clearly in all communications of the Company which list the
names of Directors to comply with the provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


(II) Powers of the Board

    The Board of the Company may exercise the following functions and powers:


    1.   to convene general meetings and to report its performance to shareholders;


    2.   to implement the resolutions passed at the general meetings;
180    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


      3.   to decide on the operational plans and investment plans of the Company;


      4.   to formulate the proposed annual budget and annual final accounts of the Company;


      5.   to formulate the profit distribution plans and plans for recovery of losses of the Company;


      6.   to formulate proposals for increases or reductions of the registered share capital, issuance of
           bonds or other securities and listing plans of the Company;


      7.   to formulate proposals for material acquisitions, the purchase of the shares, merger, separation,
           dissolution and change of form of the Company;


      8.   to decide on external investments, purchases and sales of assets, pledges of assets, material
           guarantees, and related party transaction matters within the scope authorised by the general
           meetings of the Company;


      9.   to decide the internal management structure of the Company;


      10. to appoint or remove the President, the Board Secretary, Chief Finance Officer and Chief
          Audit Officer of the Company based on the recommendations of the Chairman of the Board;
          to appoint or remove the Senior Management, such as Executive Vice Presidents, Assistant
          Presidents, Chief Risk Officer and Chief Information Officer of the Company based on the
          recommendations of the President and to decide on matters relating to their remunerations,
          reward and the imposition of any disciplinary measures;


      11. to authorise the Nomination Committee under the Board to appoint or dismiss chief advisor,
          presidents of branches, presidents of SBUs and financial officers and approve the candidates
          for chairman, chief supervisor and general managers of subsidiaries;


      12. to establish the basic management system of the Company;


      13. to formulate proposals for any amendment to the Articles of Association of the Company;


      14. to manage the disclosure of information of the Company;
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   181




                                                                   Corporate Governance


15. to propose at the general meetings for the appointment or replacement of the accounting firms
    of the Company for auditing purpose;


16. to review working reports of the President of the Company and to examine the President’s
    performance;


17. the Board shall establish a supervisory system to ensure that the management body will
    formulate a code of conduct and working principles for the management staff and the business
    personnel at all levels and that the regulatory documents will specifically require employees at all
    levels to promptly report any possible conflict of interests, stipulate concrete rules and establish
    corresponding mechanism;


18. the Board shall establish an information reporting system that requires the Senior Management
    to report to the Board and Directors the operational issues of the Company regularly, and the
    reporting system shall cover provisions for the following issues:


    (1) the scope of the information reported to the Board and Directors and the minimum
        reporting standards;


    (2) the frequency of information reporting;


    (3) the method of information reporting;


    (4) the responsible party of information reporting and liabilities arising from delayed or
        incomplete information reporting; and


    (5) the confidentiality requirements.


19. to determine matters related to issued preference shares of the Company within the scope
    of power authorised by the general meetings, including but not limited to the determination of
    repurchase, conversion and dividend payment; and


20. to exercise any other powers prescribed by the laws, administrative regulations and
    departmental rules, as well as any other powers conferred by the Articles of Association.
182   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


(III) Board meetings and resolutions


    During the Reporting Period, 12 Board meetings were held by the Board to deliberate on and
approve major resolutions in relation to strategies, finance and operation of the Company.


Meeting                                  Date               Publication               Date of disclosure
9th extraordinary meeting           17 January 2019 Shanghai Securities News,          18 January 2019
   of the seventh session                             China Securities Journal
   of the Board                                       and Securities Times
14th meeting of the seventh          29 March 2019  Shanghai Securities News,           30 March 2019
   session of the Board                               China Securities Journal
                                                      and Securities Times
15th meeting of the seventh           29 April 2019 Shanghai Securities News,            30 April 2019
  session of the Board                                China Securities Journal
                                                      and Securities Times
16th meeting of the seventh           17 May 2019   Shanghai Securities News,            18 May 2019
  session of the Board                                China Securities Journal
                                                      and Securities Times
17th meeting of the seventh           27 June 2019  Shanghai Securities News,            28 June 2019
  session of the Board                                China Securities Journal
                                                      and Securities Times
18th meeting of the seventh         30 August 2019  Shanghai Securities News,           31 August 2019
  session of the Board                                China Securities Journal
                                                      and Securities Times
10th extraordinary meeting         9 September 2019 Shanghai Securities News,         10 September 2019
  of the seventh session                              China Securities Journal
  of the Board                                        and Securities Times
11th extraordinary meeting        25 September 2019 Shanghai Securities News,         26 September 2019
  of the seventh session                              China Securities Journal
  of the Board                                        and Securities Times
19th meeting of the seventh         30 October 2019 Shanghai Securities News,          31 October 2019
  session of the Board                                China Securities Journal
                                                      and Securities Times
12th extraordinary meeting        27 November 2019  Shanghai Securities News,         28 November 2019
  of the seventh session                              China Securities Journal
  of the Board                                        and Securities Times
13th extraordinary meeting        11 December 2019  Shanghai Securities News,         12 December 2019
  of the seventh session                              China Securities Journal
  of the Board                                        and Securities Times
14th extraordinary meeting        31 December 2019  Shanghai Securities News,           2 January 2020
  of the seventh session                              China Securities Journal
  of the Board                                        and Securities Times



     At the above 12 meetings, 107 resolutions including four regular reports, working reports of the
Board, working reports of the President, financial budgets and final account reports, profit distribution
proposals, the establishment of business units and the policy revisions were considered and approved
by the Board.
                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2019   183




                                                                                                      Corporate Governance


   The following table sets out the attendance of Directors of the Company at the meetings of the
Board in 2019:


                                                                                                                   Attendance in Person/
 Directors
                                                                                                                    Number of Meetings
 Hong Qi                                                                                                                        12/12
 Zhang Hongwei                                                                                                                  12/12
 Lu Zhiqiang                                                                                                                    11/12
 Liu Yonghao                                                                                                                    12/12
 Zheng Wanchun                                                                                                                  12/12
 Shi Yuzhu                                                                                                                      12/12
 Wu Di                                                                                                                          12/12
 Song Chunfeng                                                                                                                  11/12
 Weng Zhenjie                                                                                                                   12/12
 Liu Jipeng                                                                                                                     12/12
 Li Hancheng                                                                                                                    12/12
 Xie Zhichun                                                                                                                    12/12
 Peng Xuefeng                                                                                                                   11/12
 Liu Ningyu                                                                                                                     12/12
 Tian Suning                                                                                                                    12/12

Note: Attendance in person does not include attendance by proxy. During the Reporting Period, certain Directors who were not able to attend the meetings
       of the Board physically had entrusted other Directors of the same class to attend and vote at the meetings on their behalves.




(IV) Implementation of the resolutions of general meetings by the Board of Directors

1. Implementation of profit distribution plan

     The Board of the Company distributed dividends to the shareholders according to the profit
distribution plan for 2018 approved at the 14th meeting of the seventh session of the Board and the
annual general meeting for 2018. Cash dividend of 2018 of RMB3.45 (before tax) for every 10 shares
was distributed to all shareholders whose names appeared on the share register. The total amount of
cash dividend was RMB15,105 million, based on 43,782 million issued shares of the Company as at
31 December 2018. The cash dividend was denominated and declared in Renminbi. The holders of A
shares were paid in Renminbi and the holders of H shares were paid in Hong Kong dollar. The Company
distributed dividends to the holders of A shares and H shares in July 2019 in accordance with the
regulations, and this distribution plan was completed.


     No interim profit was distributed and no capital reserve was used for capitalisation for the interim
period of 2019.
184    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


2. Attendance of Directors of the Company at the general meetings

      The following table sets out the attendance of Directors at the general meetings in 2019:


                                                                                    Attendance/
 Directors
                                                                                Number of Meetings
 Hong Qi                                                                                2/2
 Zhang Hongwei                                                                          2/2
 Lu Zhiqiang                                                                            2/2
 Liu Yonghao                                                                            2/2
 Zheng Wanchun                                                                          2/2
 Shi Yuzhu                                                                              2/2
 Wu Di                                                                                  2/2
 Song Chunfeng                                                                          2/2
 Weng Zhenjie                                                                           2/2
 Liu Jipeng                                                                             2/2
 Li Hancheng                                                                            2/2
 Xie Zhichun                                                                            2/2
 Peng Xuefeng                                                                           2/2
 Liu Ningyu                                                                             2/2
 Tian Suning                                                                            2/2



(V) Performance of Independent Non-Executive Directors

     The Board of the Company comprises six Independent Non-Executive Directors. The qualifications
of Independent Non-Executive Directors are in compliance with the provisions of the CBIRC, the CSRC,
and the listing rules of the SSE and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. During the Reporting Period, these
Independent Non-Executive Directors duly performed their duties by maintaining communication with
the Company through various means, such as attending office in the Bank, conducting on-site visits,
holding special investigation and conferences, attending the Board meetings and meetings of the
special committees of the Board conscientiously, making suggestions actively and emphasising minority
shareholders’ interests.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   185




                                                                       Corporate Governance


1. On-Duty policy for Independent Non-Executive Directors

     In order to fully perform the functions of Independent Non-Executive Directors and improve the
effectiveness of the Board, the Board of the Company has adopted an on-duty policy since March 2007,
pursuant to which Independent Non-Executive Directors are required to work in the Company for one
to two days per month. The Company provided offices and facilities for the Independent Non-Executive
Directors. During the Reporting Period, all Independent Non-Executive Directors have complied with the
on-duty policy. The main duties of the Independent Non-Executive Directors while they are on duty are:
to study the works of their respective committees; to review working reports of the Senior Management
or various departments of the Head Office; to visit the branches of the Company for special investigation
and conferences; and to supervise the establishment or amendment of any relevant corporate
governance policy. The on-duty policy of Independent Non-Executive Directors provides important
support and assurance for Independent Non-Executive Directors to give full effect of their expertise to
provide professional opinion to the decision-making of the Board. The implementation of the policy has
supported and ensured the rationality and independence of the decision-making of the Board.


2. Rules governing Independent Non-Executive Directors’ work on Annual Reports

    In order to further improve the corporate governance of the Company with an aim to fully perform
the duties of Independent Non-Executive Directors in governing information disclosure so as to ensure
the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the information disclosed in the annual
reports of the Company, the Working Rules for Involvement of Independent Non-Executive Directors in
the Preparation of Annual Report (《獨立非執行董事年報工作制度》) was considered and approved at
the 16th meeting of the fourth session of the Board.


     Pursuant to the rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors are required to perform their
responsibilities and duties diligently in the process of preparation and disclosure of the annual reports of
the Company. The management of the Company shall fully report the annual operating results and the
progress of material issues to the Independent Non-Executive Directors within 60 days after the end of
each fiscal year. The Independent Non-Executive Directors may conduct investigation on certain issues
if necessary. The Independent Non-Executive Directors shall verify the qualification of the accountants
to be engaged by the Company and the qualification of the certified public accountants responsible for
the auditing of the annual reports of the Company. Upon the issuance of the preliminary audit opinion,
the Independent Non-Executive Directors shall hold at least one meeting with the certified public
accountants responsible for the auditing of the annual reports of the Company to discuss the issues
identified in the auditing process before a Board meeting is convened to review the annual reports.
186    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


     Pursuant to the rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have performed their responsibilities
and duties diligently and strictly complied with the relevant rules and regulations of the Company and
the regulatory authorities in preparation and disclosure of the 2019 Annual Report of the Company. The
Independent Non-Executive Directors have received the reports from the management of the Company
on the operation and development of material issues of 2019, maintained continuous communication
with the accounting firm in respect of the annual auditing and reviewed auditing plans, report on pre-
auditing and auditing from the accounting firms.


3. Other duties of Independent Non-Executive Directors

   The Independent Non-Executive Directors shall give independent opinions on the following issues at
Board meetings or general meetings:


      (1) Nomination, appointment and removal of Directors;


      (2) Appointment or removal of Senior Management;


      (3) Profit distribution plan;


      (4) Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management;


      (5) Legality and fairness of major related party transactions between the shareholders, de facto
          controllers and their respective related companies and the Bank, and whether the Bank has
          taken effective measures to collect outstanding payments;


      (6) Engagement of external auditors;


      (7) Matters that may cause substantial loss of the Bank;


      (8) Issues that Independent Non-Executive Directors considered may prejudice the legal interests
          of depositors, minority shareholders and other relevant interested parties;


      (9) Other issues stipulated by the laws and regulations, normative documents and the Articles of
          Association of the Bank.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   187




                                                                    Corporate Governance


     The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have also played important roles in
various special committees of the Board. They have acted as the convener of the meetings of the
Compensation and Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, Related Party
Transactions Supervision Committee and Risk Management Committee under the Board. The majority
of members of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Related Party
Transactions Supervision Committee and Audit Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors.
At least one Independent Non-Executive Director in each of the Audit Committee and Related Party
Transactions Supervision Committee has professional accounting experience.


4. Attendance of the Independent Non-Executive Directors at meetings during the year

    All Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company were conscientious and active in
attending the Board meetings during the Reporting Period.


    Attendance of the Independent Non-Executive Directors at the Board meetings in 2019
                                                  Number of         Attendance in      Attendance by
Directors
                                                   meetings            person                proxy
Liu Jipeng                                             12                12                     0
Li Hancheng                                            12                12                     0
Xie Zhichun                                            12                12                     0
Peng Xuefeng                                           12                11                     1
Liu Ningyu                                             12                12                     0
Tian Suning                                            12                12                     0



(VI) Confirmation of independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors

    All six Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not subject to the factors
specified in rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules which would put their independence into question.
Moreover, the Company has received the annual confirmation of independence from each of the
Independent Non-Executive Directors in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the
Company believes that all Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent.


(VII) Chairman of the Board and President

    The roles and duties of the Chairman of the Board and the President of the Company are performed
by different persons with clearly defined responsibilities in line with the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
188   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


     During the Reporting Period, Mr. Hong Qi, the Chairman of the Board, was responsible for leading
the Board and acting as the Chairman of the Board meetings. He shall ensure that all Directors were
well informed of the issues to be discussed during the Board meetings. He was also responsible for
the management of the operation of the Board and ensured that the Board shall discuss all major and
relevant issues in a timely and constructive manner. In order to allow the Board to discuss all major
and relevant issues in time, the Chairman of the Board maintained close contact with relevant Senior
Management to ensure that the Directors can promptly receive appropriate, complete and reliable
information for their consideration and review.


     During the Reporting Period, Mr. Zheng Wanchun, the President of the Company, was responsible
for the business operation of the Company and the implementation of strategies and business plans of
the Company.


(VIII) Securities transactions by Directors, Supervisors and relevant employees

    The Company has adopted its own code of conduct of the Directors and the Supervisors regarding
transactions in securities, on terms no less exacting than the Model Code as set out in the Appendix
10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company has made specific enquiries to all Directors and
Supervisors who have confirmed that they have complied with the above-mentioned code for the year
ended 31 December 2019. The Company also formulated the guidelines for dealings in securities of the
Company by employees, which are no more lenient than the Model Code. The Company is not aware of
any non-compliance with these guidelines by the relevant employees.


(IX) Responsibility statement of Directors regarding preparation of financial statements

     All Directors of the Company had acknowledged their responsibilities for the preparation of the
financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2019.


VI. Responsibilities of Corporate Governance and Special Committees of the Board

     The corporate governance of the Company is vested in the Board. The duties include: (1) to develop
and review the corporate governance policy and practice of the Company; (2) to review and monitor the
training and continuous professional development of Directors and Senior Management; (3) to review
and monitor the policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements of the
Company; (4) to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct for employees and Directors; and (5)
to review the compliance of the Company with the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code and
disclosure in the Corporate Governance in the Annual Report.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   189




                                                                    Corporate Governance


     The major works of corporate governance performed by the Board of the Company in 2019 were as
follows: the Board conducted self-assessment of corporate governance and strengthened the working
performance systems of the special committees of the Board. The Board had also conducted due
diligence appraisals of Directors and Senior Management, organised and carried out training of Directors
and formulated and amended various corporate governance policies of the Company in accordance with
domestic and overseas regulatory requirements so as to optimise its corporate governance system. The
Board also confirmed that, save as disclosed in this Annual Report, the Company had complied with the
code provisions of Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules throughout 2019 based on its review.


    Composition, functions and powers of the six special committees of the Board and their work
performed in 2019 are as follows:


(I) Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the Board of
Directors

1. Composition of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
under the Board of Directors and meetings in 2019

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection
Committee of the seventh session of the Board had eight members. The chairman was Hong Qi and the
members were Zhang Hongwei, Lu Zhiqiang, Liu Yonghao, Zheng Wanchun, Shi Yuzhu, Weng Zhenjie
and Tian Suning. On 30 August 2019, the Resolutions regarding the Change of Name of the Strategic
Development and Investment Management Committee under the Board of Directors (《關於董事會戰略
發展與投資管理委員會更名的決議》) was considered and approved at the 18th meeting of the seventh
session of the Board of Directors, pursuant to which the “Strategic Development and Investment
Management Committee” was renamed as the “Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection
Committee”.


     The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the seventh session of
the Board consisted of one Independent Non-Executive Director and five Non-Executive Directors. The
Independent Non-Executive Director was an expert in finance, information technology and management.
Five Non-Executive Directors were the key persons in charge of renowned companies in China and had
extensive experience in management and sufficient knowledge in finance and accounting. The Strategic
Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee is well-structured, with sufficient specialty
and independence, which ensures the committee to perform its strategic guidance and supervisory duty
effectively.
190   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


   The main functions and duties of Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection
Committee under the Board of Directors shall be as follows:


     Studying and formulating long-term development strategies and medium- to long-term development
outlines of the Group and the Bank, supervising and evaluating the implementation of the strategies
and providing strategic adjustment proposals; studying and formulating the development and strategic
planning and basic management system of the inclusive finance business of the Bank, reviewing the
annual business plan, assessment and evaluation methods of inclusive finance and supervising the
implementation; studying and formulating consumer rights protection strategies, policies and goals
of the Bank, regularly reviewing the consumer rights protection work report and related proposals of
the Bank and monitoring and evaluating the consumer rights protection work and related information
disclosure of the Bank; reviewing the performance of social responsibilities in respect of the economy,
environmental protection and public welfare; reviewing and evaluating the corporate governance
structure of the Bank; studying and formulating data strategies and reviewing major events related to
data governance; studying and formulating relevant systems for investments, proposing suggestions
and plans for material investment decisions of the Bank, and supervising the implementation;
management of consolidated financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries; studying and
formulating relevant systems for merger and acquisition, studying strategies for merger and acquisition
and suggesting implementation proposals; studying and planning the operation and development model
of the Group.


     The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee convened seven meetings,
reviewed 27 proposals and received eight reports in 2019. The attendance record is as follows:


                                                                                 Attendance/
Members
                                                                             Number of Meetings
Non-Executive Directors
  Zhang Hongwei                                                                      7/7
  Lu Zhiqiang                                                                        7/7
  Liu Yonghao                                                                        7/7
  Shi Yuzhu                                                                          7/7
  Weng Zhenjie                                                                       7/7
Executive Directors
  Hong Qi (chairman of the committee)                                                7/7
  Zheng Wanchun                                                                      7/7
Independent Non-Executive Director
  Tian Suning                                                                        7/7
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   191




                                                                    Corporate Governance


2. Major achievements of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection
Committee under the Board of Directors in 2019

     During the Reporting Period, under the overall strategic guidance of the Board, the Strategic
Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the Board of Directors actively
carried out decision support, strategic management, capital management, investment management,
management of subsidiaries and the consolidated financial statements of the Group, inclusive finance,
protection of consumers’ rights and interests, social responsibilities and data management and other
tasks in order to thoroughly fulfill its duties.


(1) Execution of supports on decision-making

     The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee further refined the process
of operation and decision making of the committee to improve the overall support of decision making. It
convened seven meetings, reviewed 27 proposals and received eight reports. It fully discharged its role
in support of the major decisions of the Company.


(2) Active promotion of strategic management

     The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee actively pushed forward
reform and transformation and formulation of implementation scheme of the medium- to long-term
development plan. It initiated the implementation of various major strategic decisions. With focus on
medium- to long-term development strategy and value management, it conducted a series of forward-
looking, strategic and practical researches.


(3) Continuous optimisation of capital management

    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee continued to optimise the
capital management system, prepare the annual capital planning, implement capital replenishment and
capital monitoring and prepare the profit distribution plan for the Company.


(4) Active promotion of investment management

    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee further strengthened
the management of outward investments and actively pressed ahead the development strategies of
the Group so as to facilitate the implementation of major investment decisions and develop integrated
and Group-Oriented management. In addition, based on the relevant decisions of the Board, it fully
performed its duties of major fixed assets investment management and further strengthened project
implementation to ensure higher efficiency.
192   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


(5) Enhancement of the management of subsidiaries

     The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee comprehensively
strengthened the management of subsidiaries, continuously optimised the management model of
the Group and enhanced the corporate governance of the subsidiaries. Greater efforts were made to
refine the equity management of the subsidiaries, regulate investment of the subsidiaries, and strictly
implemented relevant decisions of the Board.


(6) Continuous optimisation of the management of consolidated financial statements of the
Group

    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee refined the management
mechanism of the consolidated financial statements of the Group and strengthened the regulatory
system of the consolidated financial statements of the Group. It also launched the information
management system of the consolidated financial statements of the Group and strengthened
supervision, appraisal and assessment of the Board so as to improve the overall coordination of the
Group.


(7) Improvement of inclusive finance, customer rights protection and social responsibilities

     The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee further improved the
performance mechanism of inclusive finance, consumer rights protection and social responsibilities. It
also gave guidance to the management on further improvement of the management system of inclusive
finance, consumer rights protection and social responsibilities. Related regulatory rectification plans were
carried out in order to ensure the effectiveness of the improvement measures. It received special reports
from the Senior Management on inclusive finance, consumer rights protection and social responsibilities.


(8) Optimisation of data management

    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee refined data management
mechanism of the Company by further specifying data management structure and receiving annual
report on data management.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   193




                                                                      Corporate Governance


(II) Nomination Committee

1. Composition of the Nomination Committee and meetings in 2019

   As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee of the seventh session of the
Board had nine members. The chairman was Peng Xuefeng and the members were Hong Qi, Zhang
Hongwei, Liu Yonghao, Shi Yuzhu, Liu Jipeng, Li Hancheng, Xie Zhichun and Liu Ningyu.


    The main functions and duties of Nomination Committee shall be as follows:


     Reviewing the structure, composition and diversity of members of the Board of Directors (including
but not limited to the gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills,
knowledge and term of office) and making suggestions to the Board of Directors for implementation
of the strategies of the Bank annually; studying and formulating selection procedures and standards
of appointment of Directors and Senior Management of the Head Office of the Bank and making
suggestions to the Board of Directors. When identifying appropriate candidates for Directors, the
value of the relevant candidates shall be considered, while objective conditions should be fully
examined for the benefit of the diversity of members of the Board of Directors; identifying qualified
candidates for Directors and the Senior Management of the Head Office of the Bank; identifying
and selecting outstanding candidates for operation management widely and making suggestions
to Senior Management of the Head Office of the Bank on candidates for departments of the Head
Office, Senior Management of branches and senior technical experts; conducting preliminary review
on the qualification of candidates for Directors and Senior Management of the Head Office and making
suggestions to the Board of Directors; examining the qualification of candidates for Independent Non-
Executive Directors in terms of independence, professional knowledge, experience and capability;
examining the independence and performance of duties of Independent Non-Executive Directors on
a regular basis; conducting preliminary review on the qualification of candidates for chief specialists
of the Bank, presidents of branches, presidents of SBUs, persons in charge of finance and Chairman
of the Board of Directors, Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and general managers proposed for
subsidiaries before appointments; formulating work procedures for alternative Directors and Senior
Management of the Head Office under special circumstances, and nominating candidates to fill the
vacancies as appropriate; guiding and supervising the establishment of a comprehensive data pool
for development and management talent of the Bank; reviewing the time Directors spent to perform
their duties on a regular basis; reviewing the Policy of Board Diversity for the composition of the Board
of Directors, the measureable targets set up for executing the diversification policy and the fulfillment
of such targets as appropriate, and disclosing review results annually in the “Corporate Governance
Report”; performing responsibilities specified by the laws, regulations and the listing rules of the places
where the Bank is listed; fulfilling other functions and duties of the Committee authorised by the Board of
Directors. Please refer to the section headed “Chapter 6 Corporate Governance — V. Board of Directors
— (I) Composition of the Board” for details of the Policy of Board Diversity.
194   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


    The Nomination Committee convened five meetings and reviewed nine proposals in 2019. The
attendance record is as follows:


                                                                        Attendance/
Members
                                                                     Number of Meetings
Non-Executive Directors
  Zhang Hongwei                                                             5/5
  Liu Yonghao                                                               5/5
  Shi Yuzhu                                                                 5/5
Executive Director
  Hong Qi                                                                   5/5
Independent Non-Executive Directors
  Peng Xuefeng (chairman of the committee)                                  5/5
  Liu Jipeng                                                                5/5
  Li Hancheng                                                               5/5
  Xie Zhichun                                                               5/5
  Liu Ningyu                                                                5/5
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   195




                                                                     Corporate Governance


2. Nomination procedures and process adopted by the Nomination Committee

(1) Nomination procedures for Director candidates

(i) General procedures for the nomination of Director candidates
    The general nomination and election procedure of Directors of the Company shall be as follows:


    (1) Subject to the number of board members stipulated in the Articles of Association and according
        to the number of Directors to be elected, the Nomination Committee of the previous session
        of the Board may propose a list of Director candidates after an extensive consultation of the
        shareholders; shareholders who individually or jointly hold 3% or more of the total voting shares
        of the Bank could also propose candidates to the Board of Directors.


    (2) The Nomination Committee of the Board shall conduct a preliminary review on the qualifications
        and eligibility of the candidates for Directors, and qualified candidates shall be submitted to
        the Board of Directors for consideration. Upon approval, the Board of Directors shall submit a
        written proposal for the candidates for Directors to the shareholders’ general meeting.


    (3) Any Director candidate shall, prior to the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting,
        make written commitments that he/she agrees to accept the nomination, undertakes that
        the truthfulness and completeness of the information disclosed, and warrants that he/she will
        effectively perform his duties and functions as a director after he/she is elected.


    (4) The Board of Directors shall disclose to shareholders, in accordance with the laws, regulations
        and the Articles of Association, detailed information of the Director candidates before the
        shareholders’ general meeting is convened, so that the shareholders can have sufficient
        knowledge about the candidates before voting.


    (5) Each Director candidate shall be voted on a one-by-one basis at the shareholders’ general
        meeting.


    (6) In case of urgent need of filling vacant position for Directors, the Nomination Committee of
        the Board of Directors or shareholders who are eligible to make nominations shall propose
        candidates to the Board of Directors for consideration and approval, and the candidates shall
        be elected and replaced at the shareholders’ general meeting.
196    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


      (7) A shareholder and its associates may not propose nomination for candidates of directors
          and supervisors simultaneously; where the Director (Supervisor) candidate proposed by a
          shareholder and its associates has been elected as a director (supervisor), such shareholder
          may not propose other Supervisor (Director) candidates before the expiry of the term of office or
          replacement of such elected director (supervisor); the number of Director candidates nominated
          by a shareholder and its associates shall not exceed one third of the total members of the
          Board of Directors in principle, except as otherwise prescribed by the State.


          If a shareholder or the Board of Supervisors raises an objection to the list of Director
          candidates, a new proposal should be submitted in accordance with the Articles of Association
          of China Minsheng Bank, pursuant to which the Nomination Committee of the Company
          shall examine the qualification of relevant candidates and submit the proposal to the Board of
          Directors for whether the proposal should be further submitted at the general meeting.


(ii) Special procedures for nomination of Independent Non-Executive Director candidates
     Independent Non-Executive Directors shall be nominated, elected and replaced in accordance with
the following requirements:


      (1) Candidates of Independent Non-Executive Directors may be nominated by any shareholder(s)
          holding 1% or more of the total voting shares of the Bank individually or collectively, the Board
          of Directors or the Board of Supervisors of the Bank and shall be elected by the shareholders’
          general meeting. A shareholder who has already nominated the candidate for Director shall
          have no right to nominate an Independent Non-Executive Director.


      (2) Nominators of Independent Non-Executive Directors shall seek the consent of the nominees
          prior to the nomination; possess full understanding of the occupation, education level,
          professional qualification, detailed working experiences and all part-time jobs of the nominees;
          and provide opinions regarding the nominees’ qualification and independence to serve as
          Independent Non-Executive Directors. Nominees shall make a public statement that he/she has
          no relation with the Bank which may interfere with his/her independent and objective judgment.


          Appointment of Independent Non-Executive Directors shall follow the market principle, and
          the Nomination Committee of the Board shall examine the qualifications of the nominated
          candidates for Independent Non-Executive Director, mainly considering their independence,
          expertise, experience and capabilities, etc.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   197




                                                                       Corporate Governance


         Before convening the shareholders’ general meeting for the election of Independent Non-
         Executive Directors, the Board of Directors of the Bank shall announce the above information as
         required.


    (3) Before convening the shareholders’ general meeting for the election of Independent Non-
        Executive Directors, the Bank shall submit all information of the nominees to the banking
        regulatory authority of the State Council, the securities regulatory authority of the State Council,
        the local branch of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council in the locations of
        the Bank and stock exchanges on which the shares of the Bank are listed. If there is objection
        raised by the Board of Directors regarding to the nominees, the written opinions of the Board of
        Directors shall also be submitted at the same time.


         Nominees disagreed by the regulatory authorities may be selected as candidates for Directors
         of the Bank but not candidates for Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Board of
         Directors shall state whether candidates of Independent Non-Executive Directors are disagreed
         by regulatory authorities in the shareholders’ general meeting for election of Independent Non-
         Executive Directors.


(2) Criteria and standards of selection and recommendation of Director candidates

     Directors shall possess expertise and experiences to perform his/her duties as well as qualify the
requirements of the banking regulatory authorities of the State Council. Qualification of Directors shall be
reviewed by the banking regulatory authorities of the State Council.


    Independent Non-Executive Director shall possess the following basic requirements:


    1.   obtains qualifications to serve as directors of listed commercial banks in accordance with the
         laws, administrative regulations and other relevant provisions;


    2.   obtains a bachelor degree or above or with relevant professional qualifications in middle level or
         above;


    3.   fulfills the independence requirement specified in the Articles of Association;


    4.   is equipped with a basic knowledge of the operation of listed commercial banks, and is familiar
         with relevant laws, administrative regulations, rules and regulations;
198    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


      5.   is able to read, understand and analyse commercial bank’s credit statistics and financial
           statements;


      6.   has more than five years of legal, economic, commercial banking or other working experience
           necessary for performing duties as Independent Non-Executive Directors;


      7.   meets the requirements of domestic and overseas regulatory authorities and the relevant Listing
           Rules regarding the qualifications of Independent Non-Executive Directors, and obtains other
           qualifications to serve as Directors specified in the Articles of Association.


    Independent Non-Executive Directors shall be independent. The following persons shall not serve as
Independent Non-Executive Directors:


      1.   an employee of the Company, or is the lineal relative, main social relation (lineal relative refers
           to spouse, parents, children etc.; main social relation refers to brother and sister, father-in-law,
           mother-in-law, daughter-in-law, son-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law etc.) of such employee;


      2.   natural person shareholders directly or indirectly holding 1% or more of the total issued shares
           of the Bank or being the top 10 shareholders of the Bank and their immediate relatives;


      3.   employees of the shareholders directly or directly holding 5% or more of the total voting shares
           of the Bank or being the top five shareholders of the Bank and their immediate relatives;


      4.   has any of the three factors listed above in the past one year;


      5.   provides financial, legal, consulting services to the Bank or its subsidiaries;


      6.   other persons as specified by the banking regulatory authority of the State Council and the
           securities regulatory authority of the State Council; and


      7.   other persons as specified by laws, regulations, normative documents and the Articles of
           Association.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   199




                                                                     Corporate Governance


3. Major achievements of the Nomination Committee in 2019

      During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee of the Board duly performed the following
 duties in respect of review of the independence and performance of the annual work of the Independent
 Non-Executive Directors, review of the qualifications of presidents of branches and Senior Management
 of subsidiaries, analysis and assessment of the structure, composition and diversity policy of members
 of the Board, in accordance with the Terms of Reference of the Nomination Committee under the Board
(《董事會提名委員會工作細則》) and the Working Plan of the Nomination Committee under the Board
(《董事會提名委員會工作計劃》) formulated at the beginning of the year:


(1) Review of the independence of the annual work of the Independent Non-Executive Directors

    Pursuant to the requirements of Memorandum on Regular Report for Listed Companies (《上市
公司定期報告工作備忘錄》), the Nomination Committee has reviewed the Annual Work Report of
Independent Non-Executive Directors for 2019 (《獨立非執行董事2019年度述職報告》) of the six
Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company according to their annual work, annual duty
performance, preparation of annual report and key issues of the Company and submitted the Annual
Duty Report to the shareholders at the annual general meeting. The Nomination Committee is of the
opinion that during the Reporting Period, the six Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company
have independently and objectively performed their duties, diligently supervised the compliance with
respect to the development of the businesses and significant matters of the Company, effectively
enhance the corporate governance and protected the interests of the Company and the shareholders,
especially the interests of minority shareholders.


(2) Examination on the qualifications of the presidents of branches and Senior Management of
subsidiaries

    The Nomination Committee continued to perform its duties of making decisions on selection
and appointment of the Senior Management and improve the nomination procedure in a normative,
transparent and efficient manner. The Nomination Committee considered a total of nine candidates for
presidents of branches and candidates for chairman of the board, chairman of the board of supervisors
and general managers of subsidiaries during the year.


(3) Analysis and evaluation of the structure, composition and diversity policy of members of
the Board and suggestion to the Board

    Pursuant to the duties and responsivities of the committee authorised by the Articles of Association,
the Nomination Committee studied and formulated selection procedures and standards of appointment
of Directors and made suggestions to the Board of Directors proactively based on the analysis and
evaluation of the structure, composition and diversity policy of members of the Board.
200   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


(III) Compensation and Remuneration Committee

1. Composition of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee and meetings in 2019

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Compensation and Remuneration Committee of the
seventh session of the Board had eight members. The chairman was Tian Suning and the members
were Lu Zhiqiang, Zheng Wanchun, Wu Di, Liu Jipeng, Li Hancheng, Xie Zhichun and Peng Xuefeng.


     The main functions and duties of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee shall be as
follows:


     Studying and formulating remuneration policies, remuneration systems and proposals of the
Directors and Senior Management of the Head Office for the establishment of formal and transparent
procedures for making remuneration policies, making recommendations to the Board of Directors
and supervising the implementation of remuneration policies, remuneration systems and proposals;
studying and formulating performance appraisal standards and proposals of the Directors and Senior
Management of the Head Office; studying and formulating due diligence appraisal system of the
Directors and Senior Management of the Head Office, making recommendations to the Board of
Directors and carrying out regular evaluations; considering and determining the classes of positions
and remuneration of Senior Management of the Head Office; studying and formulating the proposal
of share option incentive scheme of the Bank and its subsidiaries and its implementation method;
reviewing the material remuneration system of the Bank, making recommendations on improvement
and supervising its implementation; studying and formulating the resignation policy of the Directors
and Senior Management of the Head Office; determining the remuneration and incentive and restraint
proposals for Directors and Senior Management of the Head Office, including their benefits-in-kind,
pension and compensations (including compensation for loss of office or appointment or removal from
office or appointment which is not due to misconduct or termination of office or appointment) and
making recommendations to the Board of Directors; reviewing and approving compensation payment
to the Directors and Senior Management for their loss or termination of office or appointment or their
removal or dismissal due to misconduct, which shall be determined based on the relevant contracts or,
in the absence of the relevant contracts, fair and reasonable; performing duties stipulated by the laws,
regulations and listing rules of places where the Company is listed; dealing with other matters conferred
by the Board of Directors.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   201




                                                                      Corporate Governance


    The Compensation and Remuneration Committee convened three meetings, reviewed six proposals
and received four special reports in 2019. The attendance record is as follows:


                                                                                   Attendance/
Members
                                                                               Number of Meetings
Non-Executive Directors
   Lu Zhiqiang                                                                          3/3
   Wu Di                                                                                3/3
Executive Director
   Zheng Wanchun                                                                        3/3
Independent Non-Executive Directors
   Tian Suning (chairman of the committee)                                              3/3
   Liu Jipeng                                                                           3/3
   Li Hancheng                                                                          3/3
   Xie Zhichun                                                                          3/3
   Peng Xuefeng                                                                         3/3



2. Major achievements of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee in 2019

     During the Reporting Period, according to the Terms of Reference of the Compensation and
Remuneration Committee of the Board (《董事會薪酬與考核委員會工作細則》) and the annual work
plan of the Board, the Compensation and Remuneration Committee focused on optimising and refining
the remuneration and performance appraisal system of the Senior Management, gave full play to its
functions and carried out all tasks in a proactive manner. Its major achievements of the year are as
follows:


(1) Objective evaluation on performance of Directors for the year

    In order to enhance the diligent performance of duties of Directors and further promote the efficiency
of decision-making and operation of the Board, the Compensation and Remuneration Committee of
the Board carried out an objective evaluation of the performance of all the Directors for 2018 based on
measurable key performance indicators during the Reporting Period and published the Performance
Appraisal Report of Directors of the Board of China Minsheng Bank for 2018 (《中國民生銀行董事會
2018年度董事履職評價報告》).
202   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


(2) Appraisal on due diligence of the Senior Management for the year

     The Compensation and Remuneration Committee of the Board studied and designed performance
appraisal standards and plans of the Senior Management of the Head Office for 2018 according to the
authorisation of the Board and related rules. To meet the requirements of the plans, the Compensation
and Remuneration Committee of the Board organised and implemented the appraisal work of the due
diligence of the Senior Management of for 2018 and issued the Consolidated Report on Due Diligence
Appraisal of Senior Management of China Minsheng Bank for 2018 (《中國民生銀行高級管理人員2018
年度盡職考評綜合報告》). It facilitated a thorough understanding of the Board and the Compensation
and Remuneration Committee in respect of the performance of the Senior Management and effectively
guided them to further improve their performance.


(3) Optimisation and refinement of the performance appraisal system of the Senior Management

     The Compensation and Remuneration Committee guided and promoted the optimisation and
refinement of the performance appraisal system of the Senior Management in 2019 in order to enhance
the effectiveness of the appraisal system. Firstly, it attached great importance to risk management. By
aligning business development with risk prevention and control, it continuously refined the performance
appraisal indicators system taking both the efficiency and risk of the Company into consideration.
Secondly, it pursued compliance and put an emphasis on the guiding effect of compliance operational
indicators in the performance appraisal of the Senior Management. Thirdly, requirements of consumer
rights protection and anti-money laundering were included in the appraisal in order to guide and
strengthen the performance of the Senior Management in matters such as consumer rights protection
and anti-money laundering. Fourthly, it focused on the coordination of performance indicators to better
reflect the effectiveness of various transformation measures. Efforts were also made to enhance quality,
promote transformation of growth model and improve quality and efficiency. Fifthly, it catered to the
interests and demand of shareholders through emphasising market value management. Sixthly, all the
members of the executive committees were included in the appraisal of the Board of Directors to further
strengthen the appraisal and performance management of the Board of Directors.


(4) Review of annual remuneration plan of the Directors and the Senior Management for 2018

    The Compensation and Remuneration Committee reviewed the 2018 remuneration report of
Directors and reported to the Board of Directors and shareholders’ general meeting based on the
performance of Directors in compliance with the provision of the Rules on Remuneration of Directors
and Supervisors (《董事、監事薪酬制度》). According to the Administrative Rules on Remuneration of
Senior Management of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行高級管理人員薪酬管理制度》) and the
Administrative Measures of Venture Fund for Senior Management of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生
銀行高級管理人員風險基金管理辦法》), the Compensation and Remuneration Committee reviewed
the 2018 remuneration report of the Senior Management.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   203




                                                                        Corporate Governance


(5) Receipt and determination of remuneration of the Company

    The Compensation and Remuneration Committee of the Board continued to pay attention to
the remuneration system and remuneration competitiveness of the Company. During the Reporting
Period, the Compensation and Remuneration Committee received special reports on the remuneration
of Minsheng Bank. Technical and structural measures were introduced to further optimise the
compensation and remuneration system of Minsheng Bank. These measures will also revitalise the
system and guide the further improvement of the remuneration system and long-term incentive
mechanism in the future.


(IV) Risk Management Committee

1. Composition of the Risk Management Committee and meetings in 2019

     On 1 January 2019, the Risk Management Committee of the seventh session of the Board had
three members. The chairman was Xie Zhichun and the members were Wu Di and Song Chunfeng. On
17 May 2019, the Resolution regarding the Appointment of Members of Certain Special Committees of
the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company (《關於增補公司第七屆董事會部分專門委員會
成員的決議》) was considered and approved at the 16th meeting of the seventh session of the Board
of the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Zheng Wanchun and Mr. Li Hancheng were appointed as the
members of the Risk Management Committee of the seventh session of the Board. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, the number of members of the Risk Management Committee under the Board of the
Company was five, with Xie Zhichun as the chairman and Zheng Wanchun, Wu Di, Song Chunfeng and
Li Hancheng as members.


    The main functions and duties of Risk Management Committee shall be as follows: Conducting
research on national macro-economic and financial policies and analysing the market changes; assisting
the Board in establishing risk management culture and strategies, determining risk preferences and
ensuring the establishment of risk limit control; examining regulations, policies and regulatory indicators
issued by regulatory authorities, and assisting the Board in performing its risk management duties in
respect of credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, country risk, interest rate risk of the
banking books, reputation risk, strategic risk, information technology risk, compliance risk, anti-money
laundering and anti-terrorism financing and case prevention according to various requirements issued
and amended by the regulatory authorities; conducting researches on the development strategies
and risk management system of the Bank to provide recommendations on the improvement of
organisational structure, control procedures and risk solutions for risk management; assisting the
Board in reviewing major risk management policies and procedures; conducting researches on the
implementation procedures and its management methods of the strategic planning of the Bank,
evaluating the effectiveness of the risk policies and providing dynamic risk control proposals; assisting
the Board in supervising the overall risk management of the Senior Management; examining the
operation and risk conditions of the Bank and identifying major risk problems needed to be focused on
204    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


by risk management based on five-category classification and discounted cash flow analysis; assisting
the Board in reviewing overall risk management report and other risk information reports; supervising
and evaluating the implementation of the strategic planning and monitoring the continuous efforts of the
business management in improving its risk control ability; examining the risk identification, management
technology, risk control and compensation mechanism operated and managed by the Bank and
reviewing the planning of risk management system; reviewing the warning, prevention and emergency
response measures for material risks events in the operation and management of the Bank; organising
risk assessment for material operation issues to formulate risk prevention measures; assisting the Board
in reviewing information disclosure of overall risk and various material risks; reviewing the green credit
targets and reports submitted by the Senior Management to supervise and evaluate the performance
of green credit of the Bank; and other duties as set out by laws, administrative regulations, rules and
requirements of stock regulatory authorities of the places where the shares of the Bank are listed and as
delegated by the Board of Directors.


    The Risk Management Committee convened seven meetings and reviewed 37 proposals and
received four special reports in 2019. The attendance record is as follows:


                                                                                                                     Attendance/
 Members
                                                                                                               Number of Meetings
 Non-Executive Directors
    Wu Di                                                                                                                  7/7
    Song Chunfeng                                                                                                          7/7
    Li Hancheng                                                                                                            5/5
 Executive Director
    Zheng Wanchun                                                                                                          5/5
 Independent Non-Executive Director
    Xie Zhichun (chairman of the committee)                                                                                7/7

Note: On 17 May 2019, the Resolution regarding the Appointment of Members of Certain Special Committees of the Seventh Session of the Board of the
       Company (《關於增補公司第七屆董事會部分專門委員會成員的決議》) was considered and approved at the 16th meeting of the seventh session
       of the Board of the Company, pursuant to which Zheng Wanchun, a Director, and Li Hancheng, a Director, were appointed as the members of the
       Risk Management Committee of the seventh session of the Board. Therefore, the number of meetings attended by them was less than the number of
       meetings convened for the year.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   205




                                                                      Corporate Governance


2. Major achievements of the Risk Management Committee in 2019

     In 2019, under the leadership of the Board, the Risk Management Committee continued to
strengthen the relevance and effectiveness of risk control efforts of the Board. It refined risk control
system of the Board and improved the overall quality of risk control system. Its major achievements of
the year were as follows:


(1) Formulation and implementation of the Statement on Risk Appetite of China Minsheng
Bank (First Edition) (《中國民生銀行風險偏好陳述書（第一版）》 )

     The Risk Management Committee amended the Administrative Measures on Risk Appetite of China
Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行風險偏好管理辦法》) in accordance with the regulatory requirements
and actual needs of the Company to further strengthen the dominating and leading role of the risk
appetite in the risk management of the Bank. Based on the above measures, the committee formulated
the Statement on Risk Appetite of China Minsheng Bank (First Edition) (《中國民生銀行風險偏好陳
述書（第一版）》). Having been considered and approved by the Risk Management Committee and
the Board, the above statement was formally implemented and played an important role in ensuring
strategic transformation, effective compliance with regulatory requirements and healthy business
development.


(2) Continuous development of the risk management culture

     At the beginning of 2019, the Risk Management Committee formulated and published the Core
Values of Risk Management of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行風險經營核心理念》). It
promoted the core values to serve as the important guiding principle for operational management and
risk control of the Bank over the whole process of risk management for the Board, the management
and business units at all levels. It further promoted the consistency of operation, capital, finance,
assessment, risk management policy and core values. By top-down supervision on the promotion and
implementation of the core values, it further aligned the core values with operation management, instilling
the core values in the mindset and practice of all employees. As such, the risk management culture was
provided to safeguard the process of strategic transformation and development.


(3) Improvement on risk management performance mechanism of the Board

     Efforts were made to fulfill duties including guidance and supervision by the Board on the risk
management. Taking into account the strategic transformation and the implementation of the three-year
development plan of the Company, the Risk Management Committee completed the Guiding Opinion
on Risk Management by the Board for 2019 (2019年董事會風險管理指導意見), Report on Risk
Assessment for 2018 (2018年度風險評估報告), Interim Report on Risk Assessment for 2019 (2019
半年度風險評估報告), special risk investigation and review of various risk reports on the operation
management. Coupled with stronger coordination of these initiatives, the Board has established an
integrated mechanism of guidance, implementation and evaluation of risk management.
206   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


(4) Emphasis on standardisation of review mechanism of major risk systems

     In accordance with the Rules on the Review of Major Risk Systems of the Board of China Minsheng
Bank (《中國民生銀行董事會關於重要風險制度的審查規則》), the Risk Management Committee
further defined a couple of mechanisms in relation to the scope of review, submission principle,
procedure and the division of work. It further regulated the compliance and effectiveness of major risk
management systems and strengthened the compliance with external regulations to facilitate internal
operation based on the needs of establishment of fundamental systems. The Risk Management
Committee reviewed and considered a total of 21 major risk management systems during this year,
including 10 new proposals and 11 amendments.


(5) Fulfillment of duties of the Risk Management Committee in promoting all-round risk
management

     The Risk Management Committee amended the Terms of Reference of the Risk Management
Committee of the Board of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (《中國民生銀行股份有限公司董事會
風險管理委員會工作細則》) based on the comprehensive review of various risk management guidelines
of the CBIRC, as well as the changes in the internal and external environments and requirements such
as the information disclosure of the listed companies. The Risk Management Committee held seven
committee meetings, considered and approved 25 risk reports, including the Report on Overall Risk
Management of China Minsheng Bank for 2018 (《2018年中國民生銀行全面風險管理報告》), Report
on Compliance Risk Management of China Minsheng Bank for 2018 (《2018年中國民生銀行合規風
險管理報告》), Report on Market Risk Management of China Minsheng Bank for 2018 (《2018年中
國民生銀行市場風險管理報告》). It also received and carried out discussion about various special
reports. It conducted researches and received reports on the risk management of the management and
considered and approved the management’s reports on risk management on a quarterly basis.


(V) Audit Committee

1. Composition of the Audit Committee and meetings in 2019

    On 1 January 2019, the Audit Committee of the seventh session of the Board had four members.
The chairman was Liu Ningyu and the members were Weng Zhenjie, Peng Xuefeng and Tian Suning. On
17 May 2019, the Resolution regarding the Appointment of Members of Certain Special Committees of
the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company (《關於增補公司第七屆董事會部分專門委員會成
員的決議》) was considered and approved at the 16th meeting of the seventh session of the Board of
the Company, pursuant to which Song Chunfeng, a Director, was appointed as a member of the Audit
Committee of the seventh session of the Board. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of
members of the Audit Committee under the Board of the Company was five, with Liu Ningyu as the
chairman and Song Chunfeng, Weng Zhenjie, Peng Xuefeng and Tian Suning as members.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   207




                                                                      Corporate Governance


     The Audit Committee of the seventh session of the Board consisted of three Independent Non-
Executive Directors and two Non-Executive Directors. The three Independent Non-Executive Directors
are experts in finance and management. Two Non-Executive Directors are the key persons in charge of
renowned companies in China and has extensive experiences in management and sufficient professional
knowledge in finance and accounting. The Audit Committee of the Company is well-structured, with
sufficient specialty and independence, which ensures the Audit Committee to perform its supervisory
duty effectively.


     The members of the Audit Committee of the Company and their profiles are set out in the section
“Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” in this report. The members of the
committee are not related to each other in terms of finance, business, family or other material or relevant
relations.


    The main functions and duties of Audit Committee shall be as follows:


     Making recommendations on the appointment or replacement of external auditor and reviewing
the remuneration and terms of engagement of external auditor as well as handling any questions of
appointment or dismissal of external auditor; reviewing and monitoring the independence and objectivity
of external auditor and the effectiveness of the audit process; discussing with the external auditor about
the nature and scope of audit and the reporting responsibility of auditing before the commencement
of the auditing works; formulating and implementing policies regarding non-auditing services provided
by external auditor; reviewing the financial and accounting policies and practices; examining annual
financial budgets and annual accounting reports of the Company; reviewing quarterly, interim and annual
financial reports to be disclosed by the Company and making recommendation on the truthfulness,
completeness and accuracy of the information disclosed in such financial reports; coordinating the
internal and external auditing; reviewing reports on the write-off of bad debts during the year; reviewing
auditing rules, medium- to long-term auditing plans and annual working plan for internal auditing;
providing guidance for internal auditing; supervising the internal auditing department and supervising
the implementation of the internal audit system to ensure sufficient resources are provided to and
appropriate standing for the internal auditing department; evaluating the performance of the internal
auditing department and key officers; supervising the management to rectify problems identified during
the internal audit, reviewing accounting records, financial accounts or proposals for the internal control
management and proposals for the auditing on material matters provided to the management by the
external auditing firm, assisting the management to provide corresponding responses and ensuring that
the Board of Directors provides timely responses to any recommendations made by the external auditing
firm to the management; supervising the establishment of the internal control system and organising
the self-evaluation of the internal control of the Bank; discussing the internal control system with the
management to ensure the management has performed its duties to establish an effective internal
208    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


control system, including whether the adequacy of resources, qualification and experience of accounting
and financial reporting personnel and training programmes for relevant employees and relevant budget
meet demands; reviewing arrangements by which employees of the Bank may, in confidence, raise
concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters; ensuring
that proper arrangements are in place for a fair and independent investigations of such matters and
for appropriate follow-up actions; monitoring the relationships between the Company and the external
auditors in its capacity as a major representative; performing duties stipulated by the laws, regulations
and listing rules of places where the Company is listed; and dealing with other matters conferred by the
Board of Directors or related to the duties of the committee.


     The Audit Committee convened eight meetings, reviewed 38 proposals and received three reports
in 2019. The attendance record is as follows:


                                                                                                                    Attendance/
 Members
                                                                                                               Number of Meetings
 Non-Executive Directors
    Song Chunfeng                                                                                                          5/5
    Weng Zhenjie                                                                                                           8/8
 Independent Non-Executive Directors
    Liu Ningyu (chairman of the committee)                                                                                 8/8
    Peng Xuefeng                                                                                                           7/8
    Tian Suning                                                                                                            7/8

Note: On 17 May 2019, the Resolution regarding the Appointment of Members of Certain Special Committees of the Seventh Session of the Board of the
       Company (《關於增補公司第七屆董事會部分專門委員會成員的決議》) was considered and approved at the 16th meeting of the seventh session
       of the Board of the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Song Chunfeng was appointed as a member of the Audit Committee of the seventh session
       of the Board. Therefore, the number of meetings he attended was less than the number of meetings convened for the year. Mr. Peng Xuefeng was
       absent from the sixth meeting of the seventh session of the Audit Committee of the Board for 2019. Mr. Tian Suning was absent from the eighth
       meeting of the seventh session of the Audit Committee of the Board for 2019.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   209




                                                                      Corporate Governance


2. Major achievements of the Audit Committee in 2019

     During the Reporting Period, under the guidance of the Board, the Audit Committee performed
its responsibilities and duties diligently by strengthening its supervision on financial report audit,
optimising the internal control system and improving information quality of financial reports. Major works
accomplished during the year are as follows:


(1) Improvement in the vertical management of internal audit and the construction of internal
control

     In active response to the changes in the economic and regulatory environment, the Audit
Committee continued to strengthen the internal control system of the Company to enhance its internal
control. Through approving internal control work plans, reviewing the internal audit reports of key
businesses and receiving internal audit report on the whole business, the committee promoted the
internal audit adhering to risk management and problem-solving principles to provide more diversified
and sophisticated internal audit and extend the coverage of audit. In response to the problems
identified in examinations, the committee required the Company to carry out continuous follow-up
measures to track the existing problems and monitor the rectifications through improvement of internal
control environment, enhancement of risk identification and evaluation, refinement of the internal
control measures and launching of assessment and rectification initiatives. These efforts improved the
effectiveness of internal control mechanism of the Company and enhance the overall internal control of
the Bank.


(2) Internal control inspections of and work guidance for branches

     During the year, the Audit Committee investigated the internal control of six branches, including the
Taizhou Branch, the Guangzhou Branch, the Jiaxing Branch and the Shanghai Branch and profoundly
understood the basic situation of operation management, the construction of internal control systems as
well as administrative measures on internal control of such branches. The Audit Committee put forward
concrete requirements in respect of internal control management and risk management of the business
units, provided guidance on their work plans and layout of major works and made management
recommendations. The Audit Committee of the Board provided guidance and evaluation for the
internal audit works of the Company and played an important role in supervising the healthy and steady
development of the business units.
210   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


(3) Review of financial statements of the Company

     Based on the disclosure requirements of the regulatory authorities for annual financial report and the
review and disclosure plan of the Audit Committee, during the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee
organised the preparation and auditing of the 2018 Annual Report, and completed the review of the
2018 Report on Final Accounts, 2019 Financial Budget, 2019 Interim Financial Report, and the first and
third quarterly reports of 2019 of the Company. It effectively ensured the truthfulness, accuracy and
completeness of the financial reports of the Company.


(4) Organisation and completion of internal control evaluation

      During the Reporting Period, in accordance with the Basic Standard for Corporate Internal Control
(《企業內部控制基本規範》) and the supporting guidance, Guidelines for Internal Control of Commercial
 Banks (《商業銀行內部控制評價指引》) and other requirements in relation to the internal control
 evaluation of listed companies, the Audit Committee of the Board continuously monitored and guided
 the Company to comprehensively evaluate the design and operation of its internal control for 2018 under
 the principle of comprehensiveness, significance and objectiveness. The Audit Committee evaluated
 corporate governance, management control and information system control of the Head Office. As for
 business units, the committee carried out evaluation on the implementation of operation development
 strategies and internal control of operation management. It also urged the Company to take follow-up
 measures and rectification initiatives based on the evaluation results so as to comprehensively enhance
 the overall effectiveness of its internal control evaluation.


(5) Completion of public tender and appointment of external audit accounting firm

     To ensure the objectivity and independence of external auditing of the Company and continuity of
annual auditing, the Audit Committee of the Board commenced the public tender for the engagement
of the 2019 audit accounting firms in accordance with the relevant requirements of the Articles of
Association and the Administrative Measures of Engagement of Accounting Firm. An accounting firm
engagement team was established to review tendering proposals and consultative documents and
assess the accounting firms that participated in the public tender. PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian
LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers were recommended to be appointed as the external auditors of the
Company for 2019. The relevant proposal has been considered and approved by the Audit Committee
of the Board, the Board of Directors and the shareholders’ general meeting.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   211




                                                                    Corporate Governance


(VI) Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee

1. Composition of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee and meetings in 2019

     On 1 January 2019, the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the seventh session
of the Board consisted of four members. The chairman of the committee was Li Hancheng, and the
members were Song Chunfeng, Liu Jipeng and Liu Ningyu. On 17 May 2019, the Resolution regarding
the Appointment of Members of Certain Special Committees of the Seventh Session of the Board of the
Company (《關於增補公司第七屆董事會部分專門委員會成員的決議》) was considered and approved
at the 16th meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the Company, pursuant to which Wu Di,
a Director, was appointed as a member of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of
the seventh session of the Board. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of members of
the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the Board was five, with Li Hancheng as the
chairman and Wu Di, Song Chunfeng, Liu Jipeng and Liu Ningyu as members.


    The Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the seventh session of the Board
had three Independent Non-Executive Directors who are experts in auditing, finance, laws and
management respectively. Two Non-Executive Directors are key persons in charge of renowned
companies in China and has extensive experience in management and sufficient knowledge in finance
and law. The composition of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the Company
is well-structured, with sufficient specialty and independence, which ensures that the Related Party
Transactions Supervision Committee performs its supervisory duties effectively.


     The members of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee and their profiles are set out
in the section “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” in this report. The members
of the committee are not related to each other in terms of finance, business, family or other material
relations or relevant relations.
212    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


      Major duties of the Related Party Transaction Supervision Committee shall be as follows:


     Managing related party transactions and formulating corresponding management system for related
party transactions, which shall be implemented upon approval by the Shareholders’ general meeting
or the Board of Directors, in accordance with laws, administrative regulations, regulatory requirements
of relevant regulatory authorities and stock exchanges, national uniform accounting system and
international accounting standards, and the Articles of Association; reviewing and identifying related
parties, reporting to the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, and promptly announcing
to the management of the Company in accordance with laws, administrative regulations, regulatory
requirements of relevant regulatory authorities and stock exchanges, national uniform accounting system
and international accounting standards, and the Articles of Association; defining the types of related
party transactions and determining corresponding approval procedures and standards in accordance
with laws, administrative regulations, regulatory requirements of relevant regulatory authorities and
stock exchanges, national uniform accounting system and international accounting standards, and the
Articles of Association; reviewing and approving related party transactions which shall be approved
by the committee in accordance with the review procedures and standards; reviewing and approving
related party transactions which shall be approved by the Board of Directors or the Shareholders’
general meeting in accordance with the review and approval procedures and standards; examining the
information disclosure of related party transactions; and performing other duties required by laws and
administrative regulations of the places where the Company is listed, regulatory requirements of relevant
regulatory authorities and stock exchanges, national uniform accounting system and international
accounting standards, and the Articles of Association.


     The Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee under the Board convened nine meetings,
reviewed 33 proposals and received three reports in 2019. The attendance record is as follows:


                                                                                                                      Attendance/
 Members
                                                                                                                Number of Meetings
 Non-Executive Directors
    Wu Di                                                                                                                    7/7
    Song Chunfeng                                                                                                            9/9
 Independent Non-Executive Directors
    Li Hancheng (chairman of the committee)                                                                                  9/9
    Liu Jipeng                                                                                                               9/9
    Liu Ningyu                                                                                                               9/9

Note: On 17 May 2019, the Resolution regarding the Appointment of Members of Certain Special Committees of the Seventh Session of the Board of the
       Company (《關於增補公司第七屆董事會部分專門委員會成員的決議》) was considered and approved at the 16th meeting of the seventh session
       of the Board of the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Wu Di was appointed as a member of the Related Party Transaction Supervision Committee of
       the seventh session of the Board. Therefore, the number of meetings attended by him was less than the number of meetings convened for the year.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   213




                                                                       Corporate Governance


2. Major achievements of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee in 2019

     During the Reporting Period, under the guidance of the Board, the Related Party Transactions
Supervision Committee has performed its responsibilities and duties diligently in terms of management
of related parties, examination, approval and control of related party transactions, information disclosure
of related party transactions, system establishment and improvements on procedures of related party
transactions. Major works accomplished during the year are as follows:


(1) Comprehensive re-organisation, confirmation and issuance of list of related parties

      The database of related parties was continuously maintained. According to the requirements
of the CBIRC, the listing rules of the SSE, the Hong Kong Listing Rules and relevant requirements
of accounting standards, the committee regularly collected the updated data of related parties from
substantial shareholders, Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management by mail, and managed the
list of related parties dynamically with prompt update. An issuance mechanism of the list of related
parties was also established for business units of each level. As such, a solid foundation was laid for the
management of related party transactions.


(2) Recognition, approval and disclosure of related party transactions

     During the Reporting Period, the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee completed
the filing, approval and disclosure of several related party transaction confirmations, related party credit
granting and non-credit related party transactions. During the Reporting Period, the Related Party
Transactions Supervision Committee put forward the general credit lines at group level. It examined the
general credit lines for related party groups, including substantial shareholders, on a case-by-case basis,
and submitted to the Board for approval on time, so as to enhance the efficiency of the management of
related party transactions of the Company and to better control the risks.


(3) Improvement and enhancement of the management system and procedures of related
party transactions

      During the Reporting Period, the committee actively promoted the development and establishment
of the related party transactions management system of the Company and completed Phase I initiatives,
including the management of list of related parties, accounting of financial statements, filing and credit
limit allocation of related party transactions and credit limit management of the Group. It further improved
the management mechanism of related party transactions of the Group entered into by subsidiaries.
Overall management of related party transactions was also conducted within the Group. Reporting of
related party transactions and approval and filing procedures were further regulated to enhance the
related party transactions management ability and to ensure compliance and efficient management of
related party transactions.
214   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


(4) Effective management of internal transactions of the Group

     During the Reporting Period, the management of internal transactions remained in line with the
Administrative Measures on Internal Transactions (《內部交易管理辦法》). Based on the principles
of compliance, risk isolation and ordinary business, the credit-granting internal transactions entered
into with subsidiaries were managed in a manner consistent with that of the Group, and terms of
credit granting and guarantees were no more favourable than those available to the independent third
parties. For the non-credit-granting internal transactions between subsidiaries and the Company and
between subsidiaries, the Company continued to adopt the management mechanism based on budget
management and transaction total amount control. Compliance management of internal transactions
was further stepped up while the budget reports of internal transactions of subsidiaries were considered
and approved in a timely manner. The committee also tightened its management over the use of
the approved credit limit of internal transaction budget of subsidiaries. By strengthening the filing
management of internal transactions, the compliance and effective management of internal transactions
were achieved.


VII. Board of Supervisors

    The Board of Supervisors is the supervisory organisation of the Company, which executes its
powers and functions in accordance with the laws and regulations, such as the Company Law of the
PRC, applicable regulatory provisions and the Articles of Association to promote the compliance of
operations and stable development of the Company and safeguard interests of the Company and
investors. The Board of Supervisors shall be accountable for the general meetings.


(I) Composition of the Board of Supervisors

    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company comprised nine
members, including three Shareholder Supervisors, three External Supervisors and three Employee
Supervisors. The three Shareholder Supervisors have extensive management experience and sufficient
knowledge in finance and accounting; the three External Supervisors are all experts in finance and
management; and the three Employee Supervisors have been engaged in policy analysis and banking
operation and management for a long time, possessing extensive professional experiences.


    The Board of Supervisors is well-structured, with high degree of specialty and independence, which
ensures that the Board of Supervisors brings its supervisory functions into full play.


    The list of Supervisors and their profiles are set out in the section “Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management and Employees” of this report. The members of the Board of Supervisors are not related to
each other in terms of finance, business, family or other material or relevant relations.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   215




                                                                     Corporate Governance


(II) Functions and duties of the Board of Supervisors

     According to the Articles of Association, the Board of Supervisors of the Company shall exercise the
following rights:


    1.   to review regular reports of the Company prepared by the Board and propose opinions on the
         reports in writing;


    2.   to examine financial activities of the Company and may (if necessary) engage another
         accounting firm to conduct independent auditing on financial status in the name of the
         Company;


    3.   to oversee the compliance of Directors, President, Executive Vice Presidents, Chief Financial
         Officer and Board Secretary of the Company in performing their duties;


    4.   to demand any Directors, President, Executive Vice Presidents, Chief Financial Officer and
         Board Secretary of the Company to rectify his/her conduct when such conduct is detrimental
         to the interests of the Company, and to report such conduct to general meetings or relevant
         national regulatory authorities if necessary; and to make proposals to remove any Director
         and/or member of Senior Management if he/she breaches any applicable laws, administrative
         regulations, the Articles of Association or resolutions of general meetings;


    5.   to conduct auditing over any issues in connection with the operation and decision making, risk
         management and internal control of the Company as and when necessary;


    6.   to make a departure auditing, if required, in respect of any resigned Director or members of
         Senior Management;


    7.   to issue opinions on the engagement of the accounting firm by the Company;


    8.   to propose to convene an extraordinary general meeting, and, if the Board fails to convene or
         chair such a meeting as required under the Company Law of the PRC, to convene or chair a
         general meeting;
216    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


      9.   to propose to convene an extraordinary board meeting and submit proposals to the general
           meeting;


      10. to file lawsuits against Directors and members of Senior Management according to Article 151
          of the Company Law of the PRC;


      11. to investigate any irregularities in the operations of the Company and, if necessary, may engage
          accounting firms, law firms or other professional firms to assist its work and the costs will be
          borne by the Company; and


      12. to exercise other rights prescribed by the Articles of Association or authorised by the general
          meeting.


    Members of the Board of Supervisors may attend meetings of the Board as non-voting delegates
and are entitled to voice their opinions at the meetings.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   217




                                                                       Corporate Governance


(III) Board of Supervisors meetings and contents of resolutions

     During the Reporting Period, eight meetings were held by the Board of Supervisors of the Company.
The Board of Supervisors considered and approved 22 proposals, including the Annual Report,
Working Report of the Board of Supervisors, Performance Appraisal Report, profit distribution plans,
Internal Control Evaluation Report, regular reports for 2019 and Strategic Transformation Evaluation
of the Company. The Board of Supervisors also reviewed 13 reports, including Annual Report of Risk
Management, Working Report of Case Prevention, Report of Capital Management, Assessment Report
on the Risk of Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing, and Working Report of Consumer Rights
Protection, and received two special reports. During the Reporting Period, the Board of Supervisors had
no objection towards the supervised matters.


Meeting                            Date                 Publication                       Date of disclosure
12th meeting of the seventh    4 March 2019     Shanghai Securities News,                    5 March 2019
   session of the Board of                        China Securities Journal
   Supervisors                                    and Securities Times
13th meeting of the seventh   29 March 2019     Shanghai Securities News,                    30 March 2019
   session of the Board of                        China Securities Journal
   Supervisors                                    and Securities Times
14th meeting of the seventh    18 April 2019    Shanghai Securities News,                     19 April 2019
   session of the Board of                        China Securities Journal
   Supervisors                                    and Securities Times
15th meeting of the seventh    29 April 2019    Shanghai Securities News,                     30 April 2019
   session of the Board of                        China Securities Journal
   Supervisors                                    and Securities Times
16th meeting of the seventh     1 July 2019     Shanghai Securities News,                      2 July 2019
   session of the Board of                        China Securities Journal
   Supervisors                                    and Securities Times
17th meeting of the seventh    29 July 2019     Shanghai Securities News,                     30 July 2019
   session of the Board of                        China Securities Journal
   Supervisors                                    and Securities Times
18th meeting of the seventh   30 August 2019    Shanghai Securities News,                   31 August 2019
   session of the Board of                        China Securities Journal
   Supervisors                                    and Securities Times
19th meeting of the seventh   30 October 2019   Resolution announcement regarding
   session of the Board of                        review of the third quarterly report
   Supervisors                                    for 2019 was not disclosed separately
218      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


(IV) Attendance record of Supervisors of the Company at meetings of the Board of
Supervisors in 2019

                                                                                                                      Attendance/
 Supervisors
                                                                                                                 Number of meetings
 Zhang Juntong                                                                                                               8/8
 Wang Jiazhi                                                                                                                 8/8
 Guo Dong                                                                                                                    8/8
 Wang Hang                                                                                                                   8/8
 Zhang Bo                                                                                                                    8/8
 Lu Zhongnan                                                                                                                 8/8
 Wang Yugui                                                                                                                  8/8
 Bao Jiming                                                                                                                  8/8
 Zhao Fugao                                                                                                                  4/4

Notes:

1.       As Zhao Fugao, a Supervisor, took office on 21 June 2019, the number of meetings attended by him was less than the number of meetings
         convened for the year;

2.       On 13 March 2020, Mr. Wang Jiazhi ceased to act as the Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and member of the related special committees
         under the Board of Supervisors due to retirement.




(V) Attendance record of Supervisors of the Company at general meetings in 2019

     The following table sets out the attendance of Supervisors of the Company at the general meetings
in 2019:


                                                                                                                      Attendance/
 Supervisors
                                                                                                                 Number of meetings
 Zhang Juntong                                                                                                               2/2
 Wang Jiazhi                                                                                                                 2/2
 Guo Dong                                                                                                                    2/2
 Wang Hang                                                                                                                   2/2
 Zhang Bo                                                                                                                    2/2
 Lu Zhongnan                                                                                                                 2/2
 Wang Yugui                                                                                                                  2/2
 Bao Jiming                                                                                                                  2/2
 Zhao Fugao                                                                                                                  0/0

Notes:

1.       As Zhao Fugao, a Supervisor, took office on 21 June 2019, the number of meeting he attended was less than the number of meetings convened for
         the year;

2.       On 13 March 2020, Mr. Wang Jiazhi ceased to act as the Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and member of the related special committees
         under the Board of Supervisors due to retirement.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   219




                                                                    Corporate Governance


VIII. Special Committees under the Board of Supervisors

     The Board of Supervisors of the Company has a Nomination and Examination Committee and a
Supervisory Committee. Members, rights and functions of such committees and their works in 2019 are
as follows:


(I) Nomination and Examination Committee

1. Composition of the Nomination and Examination Committee and meetings in 2019

    On 1 January 2019, the number of members of the Nomination and Examination Committee of
the seventh session of the Board of Supervisors was six, with Wang Yugui as the chairman and Zhang
Juntong, Wang Hang, Zhang Bo, Lu Zhongnan and Bao Jiming as members. On 1 July 2019, the
Resolution regarding the Appointment of Members of Special Committees of the Seventh Session of
the Board of Supervisors (《關於增補第七屆監事會專門委員會成員的決議》) was considered and
approved at the 16th meeting of the seventh session of the Board of Supervisors, pursuant to which Mr.
Zhao Fugao was appointed as a member of the Nomination and Examination Committee of the seventh
session of the Board of Supervisors. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of members of
the Nomination and Examination Committee of the Board of Supervisors was seven, with Wang Yugui as
the chairman and Zhang Juntong, Wang Hang, Zhang Bo, Lu Zhongnan, Bao Jiming and Zhao Fugao
as members.


     The major duties of the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
include: Making recommendations to the Board of Supervisors on the size and composition of
the Board of Supervisors; reviewing standards and procedures for election of Supervisors and
making recommendations to the Board of Supervisors; extensively identifying qualified candidates
for Supervisors or accepting recommendations on candidates for Supervisors by other persons as
authorised under the Articles of Association; carrying out preliminary examination on qualification and
conditions of the candidates for Supervisors nominated by shareholders and making recommendations;
supervising the selection and appointment procedures of Directors; supervising and evaluating the
performance of Directors, Supervisors and members of Senior Management during the year; studying
and formulating remuneration policy, procedures and plans of Supervisors and submitting reports to
the general meeting for approval after being considered and approved by the Board of Supervisors;
supervising the remuneration management system and policy of the Company and supervising if the
remuneration plan of Senior Management is efficient and reasonable; conducting departure auditing
of Senior Management when necessary; formulating training plans and organising training activities for
Supervisors; and performing other duties authorised by the Board of Supervisors.
220     China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


     In 2019, the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened
six meetings, reviewed eight proposals and received one special report. The attendance record of each
member is as follows:


                                                                                                                      Attendance/
 Supervisors
                                                                                                                Number of meetings
 The Nomination and Examination Committee under the seventh session
    of the Board of Supervisors
 Wang Yugui (chairman of the committee)                                                                                      6/6
 Zhang Juntong                                                                                                               6/6
 Wang Hang                                                                                                                   6/6
 Zhang Bo                                                                                                                    6/6
 Lu Zhongnan                                                                                                                 6/6
 Bao Jiming                                                                                                                  6/6
 Zhao Fugao                                                                                                                  3/3

Note:

As Zhao Fugao, a Supervisor, took office on 21 June 2019, the number of meetings attended by him was less than the number of meetings convened for the
year.




2. The major achievements of the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of
Supervisors in 2019

     During the Reporting Period, based on the work plan of the Board of Supervisors, the Nomination
and Examination Committee under the seventh session of the Board of Supervisors actively performed
its duties and functions conferred by the Articles of Association and the Terms of Reference of
Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors (《監事會提名與評價委員會
工作細則》). It carried out the performance appraisal, conducted by-election of Supervisors, reviewed
and approved the remuneration distribution plan for the Supervisors and organised and arranged training
programmes for Supervisors. All tasks in 2019 were successfully completed and the functions of the
committee were performed in a relatively effective way.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   221




                                                                    Corporate Governance


(1) Carrying out performance appraisal

      During the Reporting Period, the Nomination and Examination Committee completed annual
 performance appraisal for 2018. It reviewed and supervised the performance of Directors and
 members of Senior Management through different ways on a regular and on-going basis, including
 attending meetings of the Board and the Senior Management as non-voting delegates, reviewing
 meeting minutes of the Board, reviewing and examining the meeting documents of the Board and
 the Senior Management and refining the performance supervision files of Directors. It carried out the
 annual performance appraisal of the Board of Directors, Senior Management and its members and
 self-evaluation of the Board of Supervisors and Supervisors based on the supervision information of
 performance during the year. It also formulated the Performance Appraisal Report on the Board of
 Directors and Directors in 2018 (《2018年度董事會及董事履職評價報告》), the Performance Appraisal
 Report on the Board of Supervisors and Its Members in 2018 (《2018年度監事會及其成員履職評價
 報告》) and the Performance Appraisal Report on the Senior Management and Its Members in 2018
(《2018年度高級管理層及其成員履職評價報告》).


(2) Discussing and approving Supervisors’ remuneration distribution plan

     In accordance with the Articles of Association, the duties of the Nomination and Examination
Committee include discussing and formulating remuneration policy and plans for Supervisors. During the
Reporting Period, the Nomination and Examination Committee conducted a review and examination of
the remuneration distribution for Supervisors in 2018 based on researches and submitted the results to
the Board of Supervisors for consideration, approval and disclosure along with the 2018 Annual Report.


(3) Conducting by-election of external Supervisors

     In accordance with the regulatory requirements and relevant rules and requirements on
qualifications of Supervisors, qualifications of the nominees of candidates for Supervisors and
nomination procedures stipulated in the Articles of Associations, the Nomination and Examination
Committee conducted the by-election of external supervisors in compliance with laws and regulations
to ensure the structure of the Board of Supervisors complied with the regulatory requirements, which
further enhanced the performance ability of the Board of Supervisors.


(4) Organising training programmes for Supervisors

     During the Reporting Period, the Nomination and Examination Committee arranged Supervisors
to participate in the annual training courses for directors and supervisors provided by the regulatory
authorities. The Nomination and Examination Committee also organised special training courses relating
to green financial issues in order to raise the professionalism of Supervisors’ performance based on the
changes of internal and external economic environments, the new regulations and requirements of the
regulatory departments, and business operation and risk management and control of the Bank.
222      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


(II) Supervisory Committee

1. Composition of the Supervisory Committee and meetings in 2019

      On 1 January 2019, the number of members of the Supervisory Committee of the seventh session
 of the Board of Supervisors was six, with Zhang Juntong as the chairman and Wang Jiazhi, Guo Dong,
 Wang Hang, Lu Zhongnan and Wang Yugui as members. On 1 July 2019, the Resolution regarding the
 Appointment of Members of Special Committees of the Seventh Session of the Board of Supervisors
(《關於增補第七屆監事會專門委員會成員的決議》) was considered and approved at the 16th
 meeting of the seventh session of the Board of Supervisors of the Company, pursuant to which Mr.
 Zhao Fugao was appointed as a member of the Supervisory Committee of the seventh session of the
 Board of Supervisory. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of members of the Supervisory
 Committee of the Board of Supervisors was seven, with Zhang Juntong as the chairman and Wang
 Jiazhi, Guo Dong, Wang Hang, Lu Zhongnan, Wang Yugui and Zhao Fugao as members.


    The major duties of the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors include: Formulating
proposals on the examination and supervision on the financial activities of the Company; formulating
proposals on the examination and supervision of the operation decisions, risk management and internal
control of the Company; evaluating the compliance and implementation of significant decisions of the
Company; organising visits, researches, and investigations on business units of the Company and
supervising the rectification of relevant deficiencies; carrying out specific investigations on key projects
as required by regulatory authorities and submitting investigation reports in a timely manner; and
performing other duties authorised by the Board of Supervisors.


    During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee under the seventh session of the Board
of Supervisors convened 12 meetings, reviewed two proposals and received 33 special reports. The
attendance record of each member is as follows:


                                                                                                                      Attendance/
 Supervisors
                                                                                                                 Number of meetings
 The Supervisory Committee under the seventh session of the Board
     of Supervisors
 Zhang Juntong (chairman of the committee)                                                                                 12/12
 Wang Jiazhi                                                                                                               10/12
 Guo Dong                                                                                                                  12/12
 Wang Hang                                                                                                                 12/12
 Lu Zhongnan                                                                                                               12/12
 Wang Yugui                                                                                                                12/12
 Zhao Fugao                                                                                                                  7/7

Notes:

1.       As Zhao Fugao, a Supervisor, took office on 21 June 2019, the number of meetings attended by him was less than the number of meetings
         convened for the year;

2.       On 13 March 2020, Mr. Wang Jiazhi ceased to act as the Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and member of the related special committees
         under the Board of Supervisors due to retirement.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   223




                                                                     Corporate Governance


2. Major achievements of Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors in 2019

     During the Reporting Period, based on the work plan of the Board of Supervisors, the Supervisory
Committee under the seventh session of the Board of Supervisors actively performed the duties and
functions conferred by the Articles of Association and the Terms of Reference of Supervisory Committee
under the Board of Supervisors (《監事會監督委員會工作細則》). The Supervisory Committee carried
out supervision in a prudent manner, assisted the Board of Supervisors in completing major researches
and enhanced supervision on key strategies, finance, risks and internal control. Through further
optimising its supervision and response mechanism, the Supervisory Committee duly performed its
duties.


(1) Strategic supervision

     The Supervisory Committee assisted the Board of Supervisors in carrying out an appraisal of the
implementation of the reform and transformation of the Company in accordance with the regulatory
requirements and the development of the Company. It also assisted in the implementation of specific
supervision processes. Firstly, through frequently receiving special reports on the progress of reform
and transformation as well as implementation report of major policies of NSOEs and small and micro
enterprises, the committee obtained updates of reform and transformation, implementation plans and
progress of major projects, summary of minutes of reform panel, special audit reports of pilot projects
and other materials on a regular basis. These efforts allowed the committee to understand, verify and
follow the progress of reform and implementation in a timely manner. Six issues of the Supervision
Summary of the Board of Supervisors on the Reform and Transformation (《監事會改革轉型監督
簡報》) and four supervisory notices on strategies were published. Secondly, it visited a number of
branches to supervise the implementation of the reform and transformation. It also promoted the
concept and implementation of reform and transformation. Specific comments or suggestions were
made in respect of the actual problems arising from the reform and transformation of the branches.
Thirdly, through various methods such as interviews with departments of the Head Office, on-site visits
to branches, receiving special reports of external consultation agencies, attending meetings of the Board
and Senior Management as non-voting delegates, the committee deeply understood the progress of
the implementation, effectiveness and existing problems of reform and transformation. As such, the
committee was able to prepare an evaluation report of the Board of Supervisors on the progress of
strategic transformation of the Bank.
224   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


(2) Financial monitoring

      The Supervisory Committee continued to strengthen the supervision and inspection of key financial
activities and key accounting and auditing issues of the Company as well as the truthfulness, accuracy
and completeness of regular reports based on regulatory requirements and information disclosure
requirements. Through receiving internal and external auditing reports regularly, attending relevant
Board meetings as non-voting delegates and reviewing regular reports, the committee enhanced the
supervision of the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the financial report of the Company.
The committee paid close attention to the changes in major operational data and indicators, and made
comparative analysis on profitability, growth rate, asset quality, regulatory indicators, development and
efficiency of the Company. It prepared analysis and supervision reports of the operation and operation
indicators of other banks and financial institutions on a regular basis, and issued one supervisory
notice on financial status. Operational risk alerts were also provided to the Senior Management when
necessary.


(3) Monitoring of risks

     In accordance with the regulatory requirements and based on the actual situation of the Company,
the committee further refined its supervision measures and focused on the supervision of overall risk
management, risks in key areas and events with material risks. Firstly, it received work reports on
overall risk, credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputation risk, interbank business
risk, risk limit management and made various management recommendations. Secondly, it provided
supervisory notice opinions on risks relating to credit, market, liquidity, related party transactions and
major business. 31 supervisory notices on risk management were issued and follow-up measures and
implementation were monitored to ensure effective prevention of risks. Thirdly, it conducted researches
on business development and risk management of a number of branches and urged the front-line
business units to strengthen risk prevention. Specific advices and suggestions in respect of problems
identified through investigations were made to operation decision-makers.


(4) Supervision of internal control and compliance management

     The Supervisory Committee put great efforts in supervision and inspection of the internal control
and compliance management of the Company in accordance with financial policies and regulatory
requirements of the government. Firstly, it received work reports on internal control and compliance,
anti-money laundering, related party transactions, off-balance sheet businesses, case prevention,
consumer rights protection, compliance of credit granting and other works and made various
management recommendations. Secondly, it conducted supervision on business development and
compliance management by visiting the branches and attended report meetings on comprehensive
internal control and audit of certain branches. 15 Summaries of the Work of Board of Supervisors and
five supervisory notices on internal control and compliance were issued, which effectively improved
internal control management of the Company.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   225




                                                                       Corporate Governance


(5) Supervision over rectification

     For the problems identified through regulatory inspections and internal and external audit, follow-
up measures and implementation were monitored through receiving annual regulatory reports of
CBIRC, other special reports on the progress of rectification work on inspection results, audit reports
and major audit findings of the Bank, overall risk, consolidated statements of the Group, related party
transactions and other special audit reports. In view of the problems raised in supervisory notices
and working summaries, an archive was established to track implementation progress. A supervisory
feedback and follow-up evaluation mechanism was also set up to ensure the effective implementation
of the supervisory suggestions. At the same time, in order to fully capitalise on its supervisory function,
the committee increased the use and application of supervision results so as to facilitate translation of
supervisory results into the decision-making for operation and management.


IX. Decision-Making System of the Company

     The highest authority of the Company is the general meeting, which manages and supervises the
operation of the Company through the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors. The President
is appointed by the Board of Directors and is fully responsible for the daily operation and management
of the Company. The Company adopts a single-level legal person system. Branches are all non-
independent accounting entities, operating under the authorisation of the Head Office and reporting to
the Head Office.


    The Company has no controlling shareholder and is completely independent from its major
shareholders in terms of business, personnel, assets, organisations and finance. The Company
maintains independence and integrity in managing its own businesses and operation, and its Board, the
Board of Supervisors and internal departments also operate independently.


X. Establishment and Implementation of the Performance Evaluation and Incentive
Mechanism for Senior Management

     In accordance with the Administrative Rules on Remuneration of Senior Management (《高級
管理人員薪酬管理制度》) of the Company, the performance-based remuneration of the Senior
Management is pegged to their KPIs and the results of their annual due diligence appraisals. The Board
will determine the annual performance remuneration of Senior Management based on the results, such
as profit and NPL ratio, and the results of their due diligence appraisal. In accordance with the regulatory
requirements, the Company has set up venture funds for the Senior Management, which were accrued
by a certain proportion from the Senior Management’s performance remuneration on a yearly basis.
226   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


(I) Remuneration policy for the Senior Management of the Company

     The remuneration policy for the Senior Management of the Company is implemented to facilitate
the accomplishment of development strategies and business objectives, and to reflect the policies and
guidelines for human resources management of the Company. The Company advocated a performance-
based evaluation culture with an emphasis on value creation so as to encourage the Senior Management
to press ahead along with the Company. The Company formulated a fair and coherent remuneration
policy for the Senior Management with reasonable structure and market competitiveness; set up
incentive and restraint mechanism for the Senior Management with simple and clear classification of
duties and performance management system; and determined remuneration of the Senior Management
according to their duties, capabilities and contributions to operating results.


(II) Remuneration policy for the Directors of the Company

    The Company paid remuneration to all Directors in accordance with the Rules on Remuneration
of Directors and Supervisors of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (《中國民生銀行股份有限公
司董事、監事薪酬制度》). The remuneration of the Directors comprises annual fee, allowances for
special committees, reimbursement for attending meetings and reimbursement for researches and
investigations.


XI. Information Disclosure and Investor Relations

(I) Information disclosure

     The Company disclosed its information in strict compliance with the regulations of the securities
regulatory authorities, and published all sorts of regular reports and extraordinary announcements in
accordance with laws to ensure the timeliness, accuracy, truthfulness and integrity of its information
disclosure and to ensure equal access to information for all shareholders. During the Reporting Period,
the Company published four regular reports and 78 extraordinary announcements on the SSE. The
Company also published 143 information disclosure documents both in Chinese and English, including
83 overseas regulatory announcements on the SEHK. In compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules,
the Company has issued the Environmental, Social and Governance Report.


(II) Investor relations

     In respect of investor relations management, the Company adhered to its strategic targets and put
great emphasis on its market positioning. The Company regularly held results presentations and actively
participated in large-scale investment strategy seminars, so as to demonstrate the latest results and
potential of the Company to investors.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   227




                                                                      Corporate Governance


     The website of the Company, investor hotlines, investor journals and investment strategy conference
with securities companies served as effective and smooth communication channels between the
Company and investors. During the Reporting Period, the Company organised two performance
conferences, an investment exchange meeting under the annual general meeting and the meet-up with
the management of NSOEs and small and micro enterprises. The Company also organised investor
briefing sessions on the roadshow platform of the SSE through internet interaction. With proactive efforts
to establish communication with domestic and overseas major institutional investors, the Company took
part in seven major institutional investment strategy seminars held by domestic and overseas investment
banks or securities firms and received more than 40 research visits by investment institutions, meeting
a total of 350 persons. Through these communication channels, the Company actively announced its
operating results, development strategies and direction of reform and transformation and achieved great
recognition from domestic and overseas institutions.


    To safeguard the rights and interests of minority shareholders, the Company published six special
issues of The Investors. The Company also received 129 calls from investors and responded to their
concerns regarding the fluctuations of stock price, dividend distribution, asset quality and other hot
issues. The market response was encouraging.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company received wide market recognition for its efforts in
information disclosure and investor relations. The Company won a couple of awards, including the
“Best IR Team Award (最佳IR團隊獎)” in the Ninth Session of the Golden Bauhinia Awards by China
Securities, “Hong Kong Investor Relations Award — Certificate of Excellence (香港投資者關係大獎 —
卓越獎)” by Hong Kong Investor Relations Association, “Best Hong Kong Stock Connect Companies
(最佳港股通公司大獎)” in the Golden Hong Kong Stocks Awards for 2019 by zhitongcaijing.
com as well as the Gold Winner (金獎), Top 80 Chinese Annual Reports (最佳80強中文年報) and
Sci-Tech Innovation Award (科技創新獎) in the International ARC Awards (國際年報大賽) (ARC) in
2018.


XII. Amendments to Articles of Association in 2019

     During the Reporting Period, the Company had not amended the Articles of Association. The annual
general meeting for 2017 considered and approved the Resolution on the Amendments to the Articles
of Association of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (關於修訂《中國民生銀行股份有限公司章
程》的決議). For details of the amendments, please refer to the circulars of the annual general meeting
for 2017, the second A share class meeting for 2018 and the second H share class meeting for 2018
dated 21 June 2018 and 8 May 2018 posted on the website of the Company (www.cmbc.com.cn) and
the website of HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) of the SEHK. As at the date of this report, the amended
Articles of Association is still subject to approval by the CBIRC.
228   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


XIII. Continuous Professional Development Training of Directors

     During the Reporting Period, all Directors of the Company abided by their obligations and duties
as Directors of the Company and kept abreast of the business operation and development of the
Company. The Company encouraged its Directors to take part in various continuous professional
development programmes and the Directors have improved and enhanced their knowledge and
expertise through the study of relevant publications. All Directors have participated in specific trainings
and seminars organised by the Company for several times and studied various research reports in
relation to risks and business to understand the reform and transformation and operation management
of the Company. The Directors, Zhang Hongwei, Lu Zhiqiang, Zheng Wanchun, Shi Yuzhu, Weng
Zhenjie, Liu Jipeng, Li Hancheng and Liu Ningyu, have participated in the directorship or corporate
governance training programmes organised by regulatory institutions.


XIV. Training of Company Secretary

    During the financial year ended 31 December 2019, Wong Wai Yee, Ella, the Company Secretary,
has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training programmes organised by the
SEHK and other professional institutions.


XV. Contact with Company Secretary

    During the Reporting Period, Ms. Wong Wai Yee, Ella of Tricor Services Limited, an external service
provider, has been engaged by the Company as its Company Secretary. Mr. Wang Honggang, the
Representative of Securities Affairs of the Company, is the primary contact person of the Company.


XVI. Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code Set Out in Appendix 14 to the
Hong Kong Listing Rules

    During the Reporting Period, the Company has fully complied with the code provisions of the
Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and most of the
recommended best practices contained therein.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   229




                                                                      Corporate Governance


XVII. Internal Control

      The Company has set up a comprehensive corporate governance structure with clear division of
 responsibilities among the Board, the Board of Supervisors and the management and maintained an
 effective internal control management system. In compliance the Law on Commercial Banks of the PRC
(《中華人民共和國商業銀行法》), Guidelines for Internal Control of Commercial Banks (《商業銀行
 內部控制指引》), the Basic Standard for Corporate Internal Control (《企業內部控制基本規範》) and
 other laws and regulations and regulatory rules, the Company has established, improved and effectively
 implemented comprehensive internal control policies and has evaluated their effectiveness.


     The Board has entrusted the audit department of the Company to evaluate the effectiveness of
internal control. The audit department conducts preliminary identification of internal control deficiencies
in accordance with the deficiency identification standards, and gives rectification requirements to the
evaluated departments and follows up rectifications. In respect of major deficiencies in internal control,
the audit department communicates and confirms with the Senior Management of the Company, and
suggests improvement measures. For major issues identified in the auditing and the decisions of the
Senior Management on whether rectification measures should be taken, the audit department reports to
the Audit Committee of the Company which would make the final decision on major control deficiencies
and hold the relevant units or persons responsible.


      The Board has entrusted the audit department of the Company to evaluate the effectiveness of the
 internal control of the Company as at 31 December 2019, being the benchmark date of self-evaluation
 report on internal control, based on both daily and specialised supervision of internal control. The audit
 department issued the Self-Evaluation Report of Internal Control of China Minsheng Bank for 2019
(《中國民生銀行2019年度內部控制評價報告》), according to which, no material deficiencies were
 found in the internal control on financial and non-financial reports. For details of the Self-Evaluation
 Report of Internal Control of China Minsheng Bank for 2019, please visit the Company’s website
 (www.cmbc.com.cn) and the website of the SSE (www.sse.com.cn).


     PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP engaged by the Company has conducted review
and issued the Auditor’s Report on Internal Control of China Minsheng Bank for 2019 (《中國民
生銀行2019年度內部控制審計報告》) which confirmed that the Company maintained effective
internal control of financial report in all material aspects as at 31 December 2019 in accordance
with the relevant regulations, and no material deficiencies were identified in all material aspects
of internal control on non-financial items. For details of the Auditor’s Report on Internal Control
of China Minsheng Bank for 2019, please visit the Company’s website (www.cmbc.com.cn)
and the website of the SSE (www.sse.com.cn).
230   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Corporate Governance


XVIII. Risk Management

      Based on the regulatory requirements and due diligence of risk management requirements, and
in line with the work plan for transformation and tackling of different tasks, the Board of the Company
further consolidated the mechanism of risk management system, pressed ahead with the depth and
the width of risk management, and promoted the transformation and improvement of risk management
of the Bank. These initiatives further improved the effectiveness and standardisation of the overall risk
management performance.


     Firstly, the Board strengthened the guidance with respect to strategic risks. In response to major
risk management issues of the Company during its strategic transformation and business development,
the Board formulated and issued the Guiding Opinion on Risk Management of the Board of Directors of
China Minsheng Bank for 2019 (《中國民生銀行董事會2019年風險管理指導意見》) at the beginning
of 2019. The Board proposed ten major risk management tasks for 2019 in respect of four main
areas: improving the performance mechanism of risk management of the Board, enhancing the overall
performance of risk management of the Bank, determining other major objectives of risk management
and focusing on the risk management issues arising from business development. In addition, the Board
proposed the major risk management initiatives for the year regarding the establishment of overall
risk management mechanism, main duties of various types of risk management, risk management of
innovative business and risk management of subsidiaries, in order to further optimise and consolidate
the mechanism of overall risk management of the Company.


      Secondly, the Board established the basic working system of risk appetite management of
 the Bank. The Board amended and implemented the Administrative Measures on Risk Appetite of
 China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行風險偏好管理辦法》), which further specifies the duties and
 responsibilities of the Board and Senior Management in respect of risk appetite management, sets out
 the principals and review procedures of the risk appetite statement, and highlights the importance of
 risk appetite management on operation management and risk management. On this basis, the Board
 formulated and implemented the Statement on Risk Appetite of China Minsheng Bank (First Edition)
(《中國民生銀行風險偏好陳述書（第一版）》). Subject to the regulatory requirements and the overall
 risk management requirements, the Board aligned the risk appetite of the Company with its strategic
 position according to its business culture, operating principles and risk concepts. Various risk appetite
 objectives, implementation procedures and rectification mechanism were also formulated. These
 measures played an important role in optimising the risk management of the Company, safeguarding its
 strategic transformation and promoting its business development.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   231




                                                                      Corporate Governance


     Thirdly, the Board strengthened the effectiveness of risk monitoring. The Board continued to pay
close attention to the strategic transformation of NSOEs through risk assessment, and carried out major
risk assessment tasks for the strategic deployment of three major innovative businesses, three principal
businesses and five major business segments. Emphasis was also placed on the implementation and
execution of regulatory requirements. Stronger efforts were made to focus on the key point, strengthen
the main lines, highlight the relevance of the risk management duties of the Board in line with the
strategic transformation and the implementation of the three-year plan of the Company.


    The Risk Management Committee under the Board also formulated and published work plans for
implementation of major risk inspections and notices submission to further improve the risk monitoring
function of the Board. Meanwhile, it also conducted specific research on risks based on internal and
external risk profiles, providing a significant basis for decision-making on risk management of the Board.


      In accordance with its information disclosure management system, the Company has adopted
monitoring measures to monitor its business, corporate development and events, including insider
registration and management pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Insider Registration (《內幕
信息知情人登記管理規定》) formulated by the Company. All departments, branches (sub-branches),
subsidiaries in which the Company has the controlling shareholdings as well as enterprises which the
Company has equity interests in and could exert great influence on shall submit written reports to the
Office of the Board of the Company before disclosure of inside information. They shall also submit
and supplement the information of insiders and report to the regulatory authorities in accordance
with relevant regulations. Internal investigation is conducted on trading of shares and derivatives of
the Company by insiders. In case of discovery of any insider transaction, inside information leakage
or suggestion to other parties to use inside information for transaction, relevant parties shall be held
accountable, and the relevant situation and results shall be reported to regulatory authorities in a timely
manner. If any inside information of the Company is circulated in the market before being disclosed in
accordance with laws and results in abnormal change in the share price of the Company, the Board
Secretary of the Company shall promptly report to the Board so that the Company can make timely
clarification and report to regulatory authorities.


     The Board is committed to establishing effective risk management and internal control systems and
has the ultimate responsibilities for the risk management, internal control and compliance management
of the Company. It is the obligation of the Board to review the effectiveness of such systems. Given the
objectives of the risk management and internal control systems are to manage rather than eliminate the
risks that prevent the achievement of business targets, the Board can only reasonably and not absolutely
ensure that the risk management and internal control systems may prevent major misstatements or
losses.
232   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




          Report of
          the Board of
          Directors
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   233




Report of the Board of Directors

I. Performance of Principal Business, Financial Results and Business Development

     For details of the principal business, key indicators and analysis of financial results and business
development of the Company, please refer to “Chapter 2 Summary of Accounting Data and Financial
Indicators” and “Chapter 3 Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation” in this report.


II. Environmental Policy and Performance of the Company

    The Company has published the “2019 Environmental, Social and Governance Report” in
accordance with Rule 13.91 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Environmental, Social and
Governance Reporting Guide contained in Appendix 27 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Please refer to
the website of the SSE, the HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of the Company.


III. Compliance of Relevant Laws and Regulations

     The Board is of the view that during the Reporting Period, the Company legally operated its
business and its decision-making procedure was in compliance with relevant laws, regulations and the
Articles of Association. The Company is not aware of any breach of laws and regulations and the Articles
of Association of the Company or any act which would prejudice the interests of the Company and its
shareholders by any existing Directors, Supervisors or Senior Management when performing their duties
during the Reporting Period.


IV. Subsequent Events

    Save as disclosed above, from the end of the financial year to the date of this report, the Company
had no material events.


V. Profit Distribution Plan

     According to the financial statements of the Company for 2019, net profit of the Company was
RMB52,507 million. Dividend of preference shares of RMB558 million was paid. 10% of the net profit
of the Company for 2019, being RMB5,251 million, was allocated to the statutory surplus reserve. The
general provision for risks of RMB7,095 million was made on the rate of 1.5% of the balance of the
risky assets as at the end of 2019. The profits distributable to ordinary shareholders as at the end of
December 2019 was RMB212,393 million.
234    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Report of the Board of Directors


     According to the Articles of Association of the Company in respect of profit distribution, having
considered various factors including the capital adequacy ratio required by the regulatory authorities and
the sustainable business development of the Company, the Company proposed to distribute a cash
dividend of RMB3.70 (tax inclusive) to holders of A shares and H shares whose names appear on the
registers as at the record dates for every 10 Shares being held. Based on the number of shares of the
Company in issue, being 43,782 million shares, as at the end of 2019, the total cash dividend would be
approximately RMB16,199 million.


      The cash dividends is expected to be paid to holders of H shares on 27 July 2020.


    The actual amount of total cash dividend to be paid will be subject to the total number of shares
recorded on the register as at the record dates. The cash dividend will be denominated and declared
in RMB, and will be paid in RMB to holders of A shares and in Hong Kong dollar to holders of H
shares. The actual amount of dividend to be paid in Hong Kong dollar shall be calculated based on the
benchmark exchange rate of RMB against Hong Kong dollar as quoted by the PBOC on the date of the
general meeting.


    The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are of the view that the profit distribution
proposal for 2019 of the Company is in line with the actual condition of the Company, in the interests of
the Company and its shareholders and in compliance with the relevant laws, regulations and the Articles
of Association, and is favourable to the sustainable, stable and sound development of the Company.


    The formulation and implementation of the cash dividend policy by the Company are in compliance
with the stipulations of the Articles of Association and the requirements stated in the resolutions
approved by the general meeting of the Company. The basis and proportion of profit distribution are
clearly specified. Effective determination and approval procedures and mechanisms are in place. The
said distribution has been examined and approved by the Independent Non-Executive Directors.
Legitimate rights and interests of minority shareholders are well protected by being entitled to attend
general meetings to exercise their voting rights and make proposals or enquiries on the business
operation of the Company.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   235




                                                        Report of the Board of Directors


Taxation

     According to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and
its implementation regulations (the “EIT Law”), the tax rate of the enterprise income tax applicable to
the income of a non-resident enterprise deriving from the PRC is 10%. For this purpose, any H shares
registered under the name of non-individual enterprise, including the H shares registered under the
name of HKSCC Nominees Limited, other nominees or trustees, or other organisations or entities, shall
be deemed as shares held by non-resident enterprise shareholders (as defined under the EIT Law).
The Company will distribute the dividend to those non-resident enterprise shareholders subject to a
deduction of 10% enterprise income tax withheld and paid by the Company on their behalf.


     Any resident enterprise (as defined under the EIT Law) which has been legally incorporated in the
PRC or which was established pursuant to the laws of foreign countries (regions) but has established
effective administrative entities in the PRC, and whose name appears on the Company’s H share
register should deliver a legal opinion ascertaining its status as a resident enterprise furnished by a
qualified PRC lawyer (with the official chop of the law firm issuing the opinion affixed thereon) and
relevant documents to Company’s H share register, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited, in due course, if they do not wish to have the 10% enterprise income tax withheld and paid on
their behalf by the Company.


    Pursuant to the Notice on the Issues on Levy of Individual Income Tax after the Abolishment of
Guoshuifa (1993) No. 045 Document (《關於國稅發(1993)045號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題
的通知》) (the “Notice”) issued by the State Administration of Taxation on 28 June 2011, the dividend to
be distributed by the PRC non-foreign invested enterprise which has issued shares in Hong Kong to the
overseas resident individual shareholders, is subject to the individual income tax with a tax rate of 10% in
general.


    However, the tax rates for respective overseas resident individual shareholders may vary depending
on the relevant tax agreements between the countries of their residence and Chinese mainland. Thus,
10% individual income tax will be withheld from the dividend payable to any individual shareholders of H
shares whose names appear on the H share register of members of the Company on the record date,
unless otherwise stated in the relevant taxation regulations, tax treaties or the Notice.
236       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Report of the Board of Directors


Profit Distribution to Investors of Northbound Trading

     For investors of the SEHK (including enterprises and individuals) investing in the A shares of the
Company listed on the SSE (the “Northbound Trading”), their dividends will be distributed in RMB by the
Company through the Shanghai Branch of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited
to the account of the nominee holding such shares. The Company will withhold and pay income taxes
at the rate of 10% on behalf of those investors and will report to the tax authorities for the withholding.
For investors of Northbound Trading who are tax residents of other countries and whose country of
domicile is a country which has entered into a tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a dividend tax rate of
lower than 10%, those enterprises and individuals may, or may entrust a withholding agent to, apply to
the competent tax authorities for the entitlement of the rate under such tax treaty. Upon approval by the
tax authorities, the paid amount in excess of the tax payable based on the tax rate according to such
tax treaty will be refunded. The record date and the date of distribution of cash dividends and other
arrangements for the investors of Northbound Trading will be the same as those for the holders of A
shares of the Company.


Profit Distribution to Investors of Southbound Trading

     For investors of the SSE and SZSE (including enterprises and individuals) investing in the H shares of
the Company listed on the SEHK (the “Southbound Trading”), the cash dividends for the investors of H
shares of Southbound Trading will be paid in RMB. The record date and the date of distribution of cash
dividends and other arrangements for the investors of Southbound Trading will be the same as those for
the holders of H shares of the Company. Relevant taxation policies are:


      •     Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect: Pursuant to the relevant requirements under the Notice
            on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect
            (Caishui [2014] No. 81) (《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知
            （財稅[2014]81號）》), for dividends received by domestic individual investors from investing in
            H shares listed on the SEHK through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the company of
            such H shares shall withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 20% on behalf of the
            investors. For dividends received by domestic securities investment funds from investing in H
            shares listed on the SEHK through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the tax payable shall
            be the same as that for individual investors. The company of such H shares will not withhold
            and pay the income tax of dividends for domestic enterprise investors and those domestic
            enterprise investors shall report and pay the relevant tax themselves.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019   237




                                                        Report of the Board of Directors


    •   Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect: Pursuant to the relevant requirements under the Notice
        on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect
        (Caishui [2016] No.127) (《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知
        （財稅[2016]127號）》), for dividends received by domestic individual investors from investing in
        H shares listed on the SEHK through Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the company of
        such H shares shall withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 20% on behalf of the
        investors. For dividends received by domestic securities investment funds from investing in H
        shares listed on the SEHK through Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the tax payable shall
        be the same as that for individual investors. The company of such H shares will not withhold
        and pay the income tax of dividends for domestic enterprise investors and those domestic
        enterprise investors shall report and pay the relevant tax themselves.


   Shareholders are suggested to consult their tax consultants regarding the tax impacts in China,
Hong Kong and other countries (regions) for holding and selling the Company’s shares.


VI. Distribution of Cash Dividends of the Company During the Past Three Consecutive
Years (including the Reporting Period)

                                                                                         (Unit: RMB million)
                                                        2019                2018                 2017
Cash dividends                                          16,199             15,105                7,662
Net profit attributable to equity shareholders
   of the Company                                       53,819             50,327                49,813
Cash dividend payout ratio (%)                          30.10               30.01                15.38



VII. Cash Dividends Policy of the Company

     According to Article 298 of the Articles of Association, the distribution of profits of the Company
emphasises reasonable investment returns to investors and shall be sustainable and stable. The
Company shall distribute dividends in profit-making years. To the extent that the normal working capital
requirement is fulfilled, the Company shall distribute dividends primarily in cash. The profit distributed in
the form of cash dividends for each year shall not be less than 10% of the distributable profit attributable
to holders of ordinary shares of the Company of the year. The Company may distribute interim cash
dividends.


     If the Company generated profits in the previous accounting year but the Board did not make any
cash profit distribution proposal after the end of the previous accounting year, the reasons thereof and
the use of proceeds retained by the Company not used for distribution shall be explained in detail in its
periodic reports and the Independent Non-Executive Directors shall give an independent opinion in such
regard. Online voting shall be made available, when such proposal is voted on a general meeting.
238   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Report of the Board of Directors


     In the event that adjustments are required to be made to the Company’s profit distribution policy
due to the needs of operation and long-term development of the Company, the profit distribution policy
after adjustment shall not violate the relevant requirements of regulatory authorities of the places where
the Company is listed. Any proposal regarding adjustments to the profit distribution policy shall be
subject to the prior review of the Independent Non-Executive Directors and the Board of Supervisors
and, after consideration by the Board, be proposed to the general meeting of the Company for approval.
Any proposal regarding the adjustments to the Company’s cash dividend policy shall be approved by
more than two-thirds of the votes of the shareholders attending the general meeting of the Company.
Online voting shall be made available when such proposal is voted on a general meeting.


    The profit distribution policy of the Company complies with the Articles of Association and
procedures of consideration. The policy is intended to fully protect the legal interests of minority
shareholders with clearly specified criteria and proportion of profit distribution. The conditions and
procedures of adjustment or change to the profit distribution policy are in compliance with the relevant
requirements and principle of transparency.


VIII. Substantial Shareholders

    For details of substantial shareholders of the Company, please refer to “Chapter 4 Changes in Share
Capital and Information on Shareholders” in this report.


IX. Share Capital and Issuance of Shares and Debentures

     For details of share capital and issuance of shares and debentures of the Company as at 31
December 2019, please refer to “Chapter 4 Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders”
in this report.


X. Auditing Opinions Issued by the Accounting Firm

    The 2019 annual financial statements of the Company had been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers in accordance with the IFRSs. Standard unqualified auditors’ report had been
issued accordingly.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   239




                                                        Report of the Board of Directors


XI. Pre-Emptive Rights

    Pre-Emptive rights are not prescribed in the Articles of Association and the Company Law of the
PRC, and the Company is not required by the above provisions to issue new shares to the current
shareholders based on the holding proportion of the shareholders. In accordance with the Articles
of Association, the Company may increase its capital by public offering of ordinary shares, issuance
of ordinary shares to its existing shareholders, distribution of new ordinary shares to its existing
shareholders, private placing of ordinary shares, conversion of preference shares to ordinary shares,
and any other methods permitted by the applicable laws and administrative regulations. There is no
compulsory rule in relation to pre-emptive rights in the Articles of Association.


XII. Charity and Other Donations

   As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total amount of charitable donations of the Group was
RMB178 million.


XIII. Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

     For details of the list, profiles, contract arrangements and remunerations of Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management of the Company, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management and Employees” in this report. As at the date of the publication of this annual report, the
directorship qualification of Mr. Weng Zhenjie is subject to the approval of the regulatory authority of the
banking industry in China. Mr. Weng Zhenjie attended all the meetings as non-voting delegate during the
year.


    Details of retirement benefits provided by the Company to its employees during the Reporting
Period are set out in Note 5.7 to the Financial Statements.


XIV. Contracts of Management and Administrative Management

    During the Reporting Period, the Company did not enter into any administrative management
contract relating to overall businesses or major businesses of the Company.


XV. Indemnity and Insurance of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

    During the Reporting Period, the Company has maintained effective liability insurance for the
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in respect of potential legal proceedings arising from the
business operation of the Company.
240   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Report of the Board of Directors


XVI. Customer Relationship

     The Group considers that it is important to maintain good relationship with its customers and strives
to provide more efficient and convenient services to customers so as to maximise the value and return.
In 2019, there were no significant or material disputes between the Group and its customers.


XVII. Interests of Directors and Supervisors in Major Contracts

    The Directors and Supervisors of the Company had no material interests in any major contracts
entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.


XVIII. Protection of Rights and Interests of Consumers

      During the Reporting Period, the protection of rights and interest of consumers of the Company
fully complied with regulatory requirements, which further improved the system and mechanism of
protection of rights and interests of consumers, and strengthened the prevention and control of risks
relating to financial consumers. Financial knowledge sharing was organised and employee trainings
were enhanced. All regulatory requirements were implemented in order to enhance the quality
and effectiveness of protection of rights and interests of consumers. Firstly, in respect of system
development, special programmes, such as examination and evaluation, and internal appraisal in
relation to protection of rights and interests of consumers, were organised during the year. Secondly,
in respect of system and mechanism, the Company persisted on the working mechanism of consumer
rights protection committee by convening meetings on a quarterly basis and convening larger meetings
of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee at the Head Office, in order to comprehensively
protect rights and interests of consumers. Supervision mechanism was strengthened by conducting
special supervision on protection of rights and interests of consumers of business units. Reporting
mechanism of information about protection of rights and interests of consumers of the Company was
optimised. Thirdly, in respect of product and service management, the Company further strengthened
risk prevention and control and key businesses in relation to consumers’ rights and interests in order
to improve customer service quality. Fourthly, in respect of financial knowledge sharing and learning
activities, the Company organised several related programmes which greatly enriched customers’
knowledge and enhanced their security awareness. These events included “Financial Consumers’ Rights
and Interests Promotion Day (金融消費者權益日)” and “Financial Knowledge Promotion Event (金融
知識進萬家)”. In 2019, the Company was accredited as “Outstanding Organisation” in the “15 March”
Education and Promotion Week of Protection of Rights and Interests of Consumers in the Banking and
Insurance Industries, “Outstanding Organisation” in the Joint Financial Education and Promotion, and
“Best Performance Unit” in the Promotion Activities of Financial Knowledge of Banking Industry. Fifthly,
in respect of staff training, the Company organised a number of trainings concerning protection of rights
and interests of consumers in order to enhance the employees’ professional capabilities of protection of
rights and interests of consumers.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   241




                             Report of the Board of Supervisors

I. Meetings of the Board of Supervisors and Special Committees

    During the Reporting Period, a total of 26 meetings, including eight meetings of the Board of
Supervisors, six meetings of the Nomination and Examination Committee and 12 meetings of the
Supervisory Committee, were convened by the seventh session of the Board of Supervisors. A total of
32 resolutions were considered, 13 reports were reviewed and 36 special reports were received.


II. Performance of the Board of Supervisors

     During the Reporting Period, in the face of increasingly complicated domestic and global economic
and financial conditions, the Board of Supervisors performed its duties diligently with strong sense of
responsibility towards the regulatory authorities, shareholders and employees. The Board of Supervisors
has focused on the implementation of reform and transformation, further clarified its duties and position
and refined the concepts of corporate governance. Pursuant to the national policies and regulatory
requirements, and adhering to the strategies and value of the Company, the Board of Supervisors
expanded and strengthened its supervision with various approaches to carry out comprehensive,
multi-layered and dynamic supervision on major aspects including formulation and implementation of
strategies, risk management, internal control and compliance, financial management, performance
of the Board and Senior Management, as well as major control points, transformation focus and key
business lines including liquidity risk, capital management, fintech, anti-money laundering, interbank
business and wealth management business. The Board of Supervisors effectively performed its duties in
corporate governance and promoted the stable and healthy development of the Bank in compliance with
regulations.


     Supervision of strategy. During the Reporting Period, the Company has reached halfway of its
reform and transformation progress, and the implementation of the three major strategies has entered
the critical period. The Board of Supervisors investigated, evaluated and supervised the implementation
of the Reform and Transformation and Three-Year Development Plan through various methods, so as
to keep abreast of the implementation results and the problem and difficulties encountered during the
process of implementation. Based on the past experiences, the Board of Supervisors has conducted
investigation to identify any inadequateness and determine the focus and direction of future strategies as
references for reform and transformation in the latter stage. Firstly, the Board of Supervisors conducted
comprehensive and systematic evaluation on the implementation of strategies. Through interviews
with departments of the Head Office, on-site visit to branches, receiving specific reports from external
consultation organisations and attending meetings of the Board and Senior Management and other
methods, the Board of Supervisors understood the implementation progress, effectiveness and existing
problems of the reform and transformation project, in particular the ten major tasks. The Board of
Supervisors has prepared evaluation report on the implementation of strategic transformation of the
Bank, in which it pointed out issues including the limited fintech strategies are ineffective to promote
the innovation of business model and facilitate the business development, needs of improvement in risk
business synergy system, needs of acceleration of retaining key personnel and establishing supporting
242   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Report of the Board of Supervisors


mechanism and inadequate compatibility in key personnel, and gave advices on aspects including
transformation concepts, supervisory mechanisms and performance appraisal to facilitate the effective
promotion and implementation of the three major strategic positioning, namely to become a bank for the
NSOEs, a bank of comprehensive services and a fintech-based bank, in the Head Office and branches.
Secondly, the Board of Supervisors has further refined the multi-dimensional and regular review and
supervision mechanism for the implementation of strategies and enhanced information exchange and
communication with the Board and Senior Management. The Board of Supervisors regularly obtained
updates on reform and transformation including the implementation plan and progress of major projects
and specific audit report on pilot projects, and received periodic reports on the progress of reform
and transformation and specific audit report. It has prepared six issues of the Supervision Report on
Reform and Transformation by the Board of Supervisors (《監事會改革轉型監督簡報》), and proposed
enquiries and arranged meetings with relevant departments regarding key systematic and mechanical
issues. The role of supervision was performed effectively. Thirdly, the Board of Supervisors focused
on the implementation of strategies concerning the NSOEs, small and micro enterprises and inclusive
finance and performed supervision through various ways including specific investigations, supervisory
reminders, enquiries and meetings. To address the issues on financial services for NSOEs and loans
extended to small and micro enterprisers, the Board of Supervisors issued supervisory letters to
relevant departments to request strict compliance with national policies and supervisory requirements,
continuously refine products and services and enhance financial services for the real economy. The
Board of Supervisors also organised specific training on green finance and studied relevant supervisory
policies, statistics, self-evaluation, asset identification of green credit business and evaluation of credit
customers, so as to understand the current situation of green credit business of the Company and its
existing issues in order to support the development of green finance of the Company in response to the
economic transformation of China.


     Supervision of risk. During the Reporting Period, amid complicated international and domestic
circumstances as well as the ongoing trade war between China and the United States, defaults by
enterprises occurred frequently, risk of interbank business increased, the financial market experienced
more fluctuation and spread of risks intensified, which brought huge challenges to operation and
development. Under such circumstances, the Board of Supervisors enhanced the supervision of major
aspects including credit risk, non-performing assets, capital management, liquidity risk and interbank
business risk to safeguard the healthy and stable development of the Company. Firstly, the Board of
Supervisors enhanced the supervision on the management of credit risk, in particular the management
of faulty and non-performing assets, comprehensively with various channels to facilitate the optimisation
of credit management mechanism, rectification of defects and improvement in management. The
Board of Supervisors received specific reports on non-performing assets and reviewed regular reports
to deeply understand and keep track on asset classification, non-performing loans management,
quality management and control of new loans and early-warning loans of the Company. The Board
of Supervisors issued supervisory letters to the relevant departments of the Head Office to request
rectification within a certain period based on the trend and existing issues of credit risk of the Bank.
Secondly, the supervision of management system, strategy and approach of liquidity risk and economic
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   243




                                                    Report of the Board of Supervisors


capital has been enhanced. The Board of Supervisors reviewed the annual market risk management
report, management report of interest rate risk in banking book, capital management report, evaluation
report of internal capital adequacy ratio and capital strategies and received specific presentations on
liquidity risk, interest rate risk of banking account, stress tests, and allocation mechanism and plan of
economic capital to understand the changes in each risk indicator and review the performance of the
Board and Senior Management on capital management, advanced capital measurement approach
and the evaluation procedure of internal capital adequacy ratio. The Board of Supervisors issued
supervisory letters to address the existing management issues and request the Senior Management to
further enhance forecast and analysis of liquidity risk, refine the early warning mechanism of liquidity risk,
diversify means for capital replenishment and improve the efficiency of capital usage. Thirdly, the Board
of Supervisors rationally arranged supervision tasks with emphasis on key areas of regulation and audit
and reviewed risks on major businesses, including interbank business, off-balance sheet businesses
and activities, personal banking, shadow banking and cross finance, and major projects such as
transformation of customer base. The Board of Supervisors studied and understood relevant strategies,
current development, risk management system, risk limit and authorisation and supervised the
performance of the Board and Senior Management regarding operation plans, policy and procedures
and management measures. Fourthly, the supervision on overall risk management has been enhanced.
In addition to reviewing annual risk management report, the Board of Supervisors received specific
reports on the audit of overall risk management, internal rating system, limit management, progress of
overall risk system construction, list of risk preferences, technology risk, operational risk and reputation
risk in order to know about the performance of the Board and Senior Management regarding risk control
system, risk management strategies, risk preferences and transmission system, risk management
policies and procedures, customer rating and credit limit management as well as risk identification,
measurement, monitoring and control. Supervisory opinions and advices on risk level and tolerance of
the Company were given. In addition, with a focus on the risks in relation to the transformation of NSOEs
strategy and “3+3” featured business, the Board of Supervisors conducted interim risk evaluation
for 2019 with the Board to thoroughly analyse the establishment of risk management policies for
supporting the implementation of strategies of the Company at different perspectives. Fifthly, the Board
of Supervisors received report on special audits regarding the management of consolidated financial
statements and related party transactions of the Group to familiarise with the corporate governance
and operation management of subsidiaries. It supervised the strategy, system and procedures, regular
review and evaluation mechanism of the management of consolidated financial statements, and
requested the Directors and Senior Management to further optimise administrative mechanism and
procedures of related party transactions, so as to improve the management of relate party transactions.


     Supervision of internal control and compliance. During the Reporting Period, the Board of
Supervisors further enhanced the supervision and inspection of internal control and compliance based
on regulatory requirements, in particular on major aspects including equity and corporate governance,
implementation of macro policies, credit management, shadow banking and cross finance business
risk. Capitalising on the “compliance culture year” of the Company, the Board of Supervisors focused
on continuous supervision of problem rectification. In addition to the duly performance of its own duties,
244   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Report of the Board of Supervisors


the Board of Supervisors has effectively integrated supervision of internal control and compliance into
daily work plans, promoted the implementation of legal enforcement and compliance management in
the all-around operation and fostered the operation principles of legal enforcement and compliance
management in all employees, all scopes and all process. Firstly, the Board of Supervisors followed
up with issues raised by supervisory authorities during on-site inspection and inspected the progress
and effect of rectification to urge for effective solutions. Secondly, the Board of Supervisors visited
various business units to inspect their business development and compliance of operation and
received presentations of branches regarding their comprehensive internal control and audit works.
Based on the regional features, development characteristics and existing problems of branches,
the Board of Supervisors proposed specific suggestions and requested branches to strengthen the
concept of compliance in operation as a bottom line and to continuously improve the supporting
systems, protective mechanisms and technologies. Risk management and core competitiveness have
also been strengthened. Thirdly, the Board of Supervisors reviewed annual reports on compliance
risk management and internal control evaluation and received reports and presentations on internal
compliance management, compliance of credit investigation, annual audit work, major audit findings,
annual plan for audit work and special reports on major audit project proposals, so as to keep abreast
of the development relevant to internal control management, including the controlling environment,
risk identification and measurement, internal control measures, information exchange and feedback,
supervisory evaluation and rectification, and focused on the adjustment to organisational structure of
internal control and compliance and division of responsibility, internal control system, compliance risk
management, management system of new business and new product, internal control for operating
procedures and key risk process and internal control and compliance accountability. The Board of
Supervisors promoted the enhancement of system and mechanism protection of the Company through
defining the responsibilities of different positions, modifying supervision model and improving work
efficiency. Fourthly, the Board of Supervisors received special reports on risk assessment for money
laundering and terrorism financing and regularly monitored the implementation of money laundering
risk management strategies, policies, and procedures across the whole Bank through conducting
surveys and inspections. The Board of Supervisors grasped the information in relation to significant
money laundering risks events and the handling progress and supervised the performance of the
Board and the Senior Management in respect of money laundering risk management and monitored
the rectification. Through reviewing annual case prevention work reports and consumer rights and
interests protection work reports and plans and receiving special reports, the Board of Supervisors
supervised the performance of the Board and the Senior Management and urged the whole Bank to
further coordinate and draw up working plans and standardise management procedures. Fifthly, in
accordance with regulatory requirements, the Board of Supervisors strengthened the supervision on
the behaviour management of employees and reviewed the assessment report on the behaviour of
employees with focus on the relevant performance of the Board and the Senior Management, including
the governance structure, establishment of system and management mechanism regarding the
behaviours of all employees of the Bank. The Bank urged to further optimise the monitoring, assessment
and accountability system regarding the behaviours of employees.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   245




                                                   Report of the Board of Supervisors


     Supervision of finance. 2019 was a crucial year for the internal reform and transformation of the
Company. Financial management is essential in guiding the implementation of strategies, promotion of
business, allocation of resources and decision-making. Therefore, the Board of Supervisors put great
focus on the financing activities and decision-making and implementation of major financial matters
of the Company and established a more scientific and delicate financial management system through
conducting research and inspection and receiving reports. Firstly, the Board of Supervisors received
reports on the preparation of regular reports from external auditors with focus on key areas such as the
extension of loans based on credit review and rating, wealth management business, agency business,
and disposal of faulty and non-performing assets. Auditors were urged to improve their work quality
and verify the truthfulness of financial information and give independent, objective and fair opinions. The
Board of Supervisors also issued supervisory letters regarding relevant issues. For instance, the Board
of Supervisors studied with focus on and systematically organised the accountability system of disposal
of non-performing assets and made recommendation on major issues. The Board of Supervisors also
suggested more organised and scientific procedures for the write-off of doubtful debts. Secondly, the
Board of Supervisors reviewed annual final account report and financial budgets report and emphasised
on the truthfulness and accuracy of financial reports and the insightfulness and reasonableness of
financial budgets. The Board of Supervisors also gave opinions and suggestions regarding the allocation
of resources. All departments of the Bank were required to enhance the delicacy level of financial
management based on the strategic transformation.


     Supervision of performance. During the Reporting Period, corporate governance has become
essential component of supervision under the trend of strong and strict regulation. Corporate
governance requires the Board of Supervisors to optimise its structure while supervising the
performance of the Board and the Senior Management and performing its supervisory functions strictly.
Following supervisory requirements, the Board of Supervisors expanded the coverage of performance
appraisal, diversified its supervisory approaches and further strengthened the supervision on the duty
performance of the Board and the Senior Management in respect of finance, risk control, internal
control and implementation of strategies, in order to further optimise corporate governance mechanism
and enhance corporate governance level. Firstly, the Board of Supervisors completed the by-election
of External Supervisor in accordance with the regulations and requirements of supervisory authorities
and the Articles of Association regarding the qualifications of Supervisors, qualifications of nominees
for Supervisor candidates and nomination procedures, so as to ensure the composition of the Board
of Supervisors fulfilled supervisory requirements and further strengthen its supervisory functions.
Secondly, the Board of Supervisors improved its appraisal dimensions of the Board and Senior
Management, and took supervisory requirements such as anti-money laundering into the performance
appraisal. Based on such, by considering resolutions, listening to presentations, reviewing reports,
participating in investigations and attending meetings, the Board of Supervisors conducted supervision
on the Directors and the Senior Management in respect of decision-making related to operation, risk
management, compliance and internal control, profit distribution, management of consolidated financial
statements of the Group, management of related party transactions, case prevention management
246   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Report of the Board of Supervisors


and incentive compensation. Furthermore, the Board of Supervisors made enquiries or conducted
interviews concerning issues identified and followed up the implementation of feedback. In addition,
the Board of Supervisors conducted annual performance appraisal and prepared relevant performance
appraisal report, so as to give an overall and objective picture of performance of the Board and the
Senior Management. Thirdly, the Board of Supervisors received special report on the remuneration
management system and policies of the Bank and remuneration plan for the Senior Management for the
year, in order to fully understand the operation of remuneration mechanism and appraisal system of the
Bank and take measures to enhance working efficiency. The management were required to fully utilise
the incentive and restraint functions of the remuneration mechanism.


     During the Reporting Period, the Board of Supervisors further optimised the supervisory
mechanism, measures and approaches based on the changes in internal and external situations
and developed macroscopic concept and raised the service awareness. Through focusing on risk
exposures, the effectiveness of supervision was improved. Firstly, cooperation between internal and
external audit has been established. The Board of Supervisors coordinated duties of departments
based on internal and external audit results and enhanced the cooperation to carry out supervisory
functions. The Board of Supervisors fully allocated the resources in the Bank and cooperated with the
internal audit department to carry out special supervision and inspection. Through participating in the
internal audit special briefings held by various units, the Board of Supervisors was able to capitalise
on high-quality audit results and fully grasp the information of operation and other issues of front-line
business, so as to strengthen the supervision on the operation and management of front-line business.
In addition, by fully utilising external audit resources, the Board of Supervisors received regular reports
on operation, preparation of periodic reports, and audit and review results of financial reports, and
discussed issues found in external audits thoroughly. For significant risk exposures, the Board of
Supervisors directed enquiries to relevant departments in a timely manner and issued supervisory letters
to the Board and Senior Management. The Board of Supervisors also supervised the investigation and
mitigation of relevant risks with an aim to improve the efficiency of supervision effectively. Secondly,
the mechanism on the issue of supervisory letter and report has been established. Focusing on the
major issues of supervision and inspection and the key issues of the reform and transformation of the
Company, in particular, emerging and tendentious issues, the Board of Supervisors effectively performed
its supervisory duties by establishing a daily “reminder” mechanism which mainly involved the issue of
supervisory letters. Through further refining the form and content of such supervisory letters, the Board
of Supervisors extended its supervisory scope and allocated responsibility for rectification and was able
to exercise timely, accurate and effective supervision. A total of 41 supervisory letters were issued in
the year covering the implementation of decision and policies and supervisory requirements of the State
Council of the PRC, implementation of strategies, overall risk management, credit risk management,
capital management, liquidity risk management, management on risks relating to interest rate of bank
account, credit concentration management, disposal of non-performing and faulty assets, group
consolidated table, internal control and compliance, anti-money laundering, supply chain finance, wealth
management business, information technology risks, connected transactions and other issues. The
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   247




                                                  Report of the Board of Supervisors


Board and the Senior Management were urged to strictly implement the policies and comply with the
supervisory requirements of the government, further improve operation management and adhere to the
bottom line of risk and compliance. Thirdly, a regular inspection and supervision mechanism has been
established. Through gathering and summarising issues discovered during the course of supervision,
a clear, systematic and effective inspection and supervision structure, which involved research and
analysis of issues, supervision on cases, issue of feedback report and follow-up and implementation of
measures, was set up. With such structure, the Board of Supervisors clearly allocated supervisory duties
and responsibilities, assigned specific working tasks, standardised work procedures and followed up
with feedback in a timely manner. The Board of Supervisors aimed to resolve and respond to all cases
under its supervision and investigation. A total of 61 cases were supervised in the year, which involved
the implementation of policies and regulations of the government, risk management, internal control and
compliance, financial management and business development. The Board of Supervisors was able to
make decision on operational management based on its supervision results. Fourthly, a transmission
and sharing mechanism of supervisory information has been established. Based on the OA system of
the Company, a supervisory information platform has been built. All information could be evaluated,
investigated and circulated on the platform. As such, the supervisory information cost was reduced
while the level of standardisation of management was enhanced. The Board of Supervisors analysed
various types of information, sorting out cases which should be proposed at meetings and arranged
schedule and agenda of meetings. Important issues, such as major supervisory cases, major issues
relating to transformation and challenges in operation, were investigated and discussed particularly. The
supervisory coverage was expanded and the supervisory focuses were clearly defined. The supervisory
duties of the Board of Supervisors were closely matched with the development of the Company, and the
effectiveness of its supervision was further improved.


III. Independent Opinions of the Board of Supervisors

(I) Law-abiding operation of the Company

    During the Reporting Period, the Company maintained law-abiding operation and decision-making
procedures were in compliance with the applicable laws, regulations and the Articles of Association.
There was no breach of the applicable laws and regulations and the Articles of Association nor any
act which would harm the interests of the Company and its shareholders by any Directors or Senior
Management in performing their duties.


(II) Authenticity of the financial statements

    The annual financial statements of the Company have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers
Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers in accordance with the CAS and the IFRSs, respectively.
Standard and unqualified auditors’ reports have been issued accordingly. The financial statements of the
Company for the year truthfully, accurately and completely reflected the Company’s financial position
and business performance.
248   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Report of the Board of Supervisors


(III) Use of proceeds from fund-raising activities

    During the Reporting Period, the use of proceeds from fund-raising activities was consistent with the
use of proceeds stated in the prospectus of the Company.


(IV) Acquisition and disposal of assets

    During the Reporting Period, as far as the Board of Supervisors is aware, there was no acquisition
and disposal of assets of the Company involving any insider transaction that would harm the interests of
shareholders or result in any loss of assets of the Company.


(V) Related party transactions

    During the Reporting Period, the management of related party transactions was in compliance with
the relevant national laws, regulations and the Articles of Association. There was no act which would
harm the interests of the Company and its shareholders.


(VI) Implementation of resolutions approved at general meetings

     The Board of Supervisors raised no objection to the reports and proposals submitted by the Board
to the general meetings for consideration and approval in 2019 and supervised the implementation of
the resolutions approved at general meetings. The Board of Supervisors is convinced that the Board
implemented the resolutions in real earnest.


(VII) Internal control

     The Company continued to strengthen and improve its internal control. The Board of Supervisors
raised no objection to the Self-Evaluation Report of Internal Control of the Company for 2019. During the
Reporting Period, no material deficiencies were found in respect of the completeness, reasonableness
and effectiveness of the internal control mechanism and system of the Company.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   249




                                                                               Major Events

I. Material Litigation and Arbitration

     During the Reporting Period, the Company had no litigation or arbitration proceeding that
had significant impact on its operations. As at the end of the Reporting Period, there were 4,843
pending litigations with disputed amounts of over RMB1 million involving the Company as plaintiff for
approximately RMB21,799.22 million and 219 pending litigations involving the Company as defendant
for approximately RMB2,823.29 million.


II. Purchase and Disposal of Assets and Mergers and Acquisitions

      The Company has strictly complied with the Articles of Association, the Basic Accounting Rules
(《基本財務規則》) and the Administrative Measures on Fixed Assets (《固定資產管理辦法》) of the
 Company. The Company has made arrangements for writing off residual value and account treatment of
 fixed assets that satisfied the conditions for disposal. The shareholders’ interest has not been prejudiced
 and the Company has not experienced any loss of assets.


III. Material Contracts and Their Performances

    The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of Plot Z4 at Core Area of Beijing
CBD in East Third Ring Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing. The preliminary design of the project is in
progress;


     The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of Plot 2010P26 at the
intersection of Douzaiwei Road and Hubin South Road in Xiamen. Construction of the project has been
completed and has passed completion inspection. In November 2017, Xiamen Branch of the Company
relocated to the new building and commenced operation. The initial settlement and auditing for the
project has been completed;


    The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of the granted parcel of land
of Plot 2012-8 on the north of Headquarters Economic Zone in Donghai Sub-District, Quanzhou. The
construction of major structure was completed in June 2019. The construction of curtain walls and fitting
out works are under progress;


    The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of Plot G at the Strait Financial
Business District on the south of Aofeng Road and the east of Aofeng Side Road in Taijiang District,
Fuzhou. The land handover was completed with Fuzhou Land Development Centre (福州市土地發展中
心) in August 2018. The construction plan is under development;
250    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Major Events


     The Shunyi Headquarters in Beijing has been accepted for completion and put into operation.
The settlement and auditing of the construction has been completed and the transfer of entitlement
is in progress. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the determination of land premium had been
completed. The Phase II of Shunyi Headquarters in Beijing was granted a Project Filing Certificate of
Non-Governmental Investment in Industrial and IT Fixed Assets (Shun Jing Xin Bei [2019] No. 0008) (《北
京市非政府投資工業和信息化固定資產投資項目備案證明》                                    （ 順經信備[2019]0008號）) on 14 May
2019 and a Letter of Preliminary Review Opinions on “Plan Integration” Synergetic Platform of Shunyi
Phase II Cloud Computing Centre of Minsheng Bank (Jing Gui Zi (Shun) Chu Shen [2019] No. 0002) (《關
於民生銀行順義二期雲計算數據中心項目「多規合一」協同平台初審意見的函》                                                （ 京規自（順）初審
[2019]0002號）) on 11 June 2019. The project is currently under the tendering process for design;


     The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of the granted parcel of land of
Plot Zheng Zheng Dong Chu (2013) No. 4 on the south of Baifo Road and the east of Xuzhuang Street in
Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou, and has completed the earthwork excavation and pile foundation
construction. The construction is currently suspended;


     The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of the granted parcel of land of
Plot Zheng Zheng Dong Chu (2014) No. 1 on the west of East Fourth Ring Road and the south of Lianhu
Road in Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou. Currently, the project has not commenced construction;


     The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of the granted parcel of land of
Plot Zheng Zheng Dong Chu (2014) No. 3 on the south of Shangding Road and the west of Mingli Road
in Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou. Currently, the project has not commenced construction.


IV. Major Guarantees

    During the Reporting Period, no major guarantees of the Group were required to be disclosed
except for the financial guarantees provided in the course of business operation and approved by the
PBOC.


V. Commitments by the Company

      During the Reporting Period, the Company had no commitment requiring explanation.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   251




                                                                                       Major Events


VI. Appointment of Accountants

    The general meeting of the Company determined to engage PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian
LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers as the external auditors of the Company, being the auditing firms
responsible for domestic and international auditing of the Company for 2019, respectively.


     According to the terms of contracts, the total remuneration agreed between the Company and the
above auditors in respect of their audit services for the year, including 2019 annual auditing, 2019 interim
review, agreed procedures of 2019 quarterly financial statements and auditing of internal control for
2019, was RMB8.50 million, including a service fee of RMB1 million for the audit of the effectiveness of
internal control.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and
PricewaterhouseCoopers have been providing audit services to the Company for the first year. Yan Lin
and Zhang Honglei, the signing accountants, had provided services for the Company for the first year.


VII. Major Related Party Transactions

     There are no controlling relationship between the related parties of the Company. During the
reporting period, none of the related parties had major transactions of total transaction value of more
than 5% of the audited net asset value of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the related party
transactions of the Company were mainly the provision of loans to shareholders and related parties. All
loans were provided in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations and according to the credit
terms and approval procedures of the Company. The principal and interests of the loans had been paid
on time. The loans did not have any adverse impacts on the operating results and financial position of
the Company. Please refer to note 9 “Related Parties” to the consolidated financial statements for the
related party transactions during the Reporting Period subject to the above accounting principle.


    In accordance with rules 14A.49 and 14A.71 under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing
Rules, the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions of the Company during the
Reporting Period were as follows:
252   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Major Events


1. Continuing connected transactions between the Company and Anbang Insurance
(Anbang Life Insurance Co., Ltd. has been renamed as Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.) for
agency sale services of financial products

(1) Business Cooperation Framework Agreement of Agency Sale Services of Financial Products
with Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd. for 2019

1. Details of the transactions

      On 27 December 2018, the 13th meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the Company
 considered and approved the Proposal on Entering into Business Cooperation Framework Agreement
 for Agency Sale of Financial Products between the Company and Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd.
(《關於本公司與安邦保險集團股份有限公司簽署金融產品代理銷售業務合作框架協議的議案》)
 and agreed to enter into the Business Cooperation Framework Agreement for Agency Sale of Financial
 Products with Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd. (“Anbang Insurance”), a connected person, with a
 term from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019. Pursuant to the agreement, subject to the laws and
 regulations, regulatory requirements and internal control system, the Company shall provide agency
 sale services of financial products to Anbang Insurance and its subsidiaries, including but not limited to
 insurance products, asset management products, funds products and securities products, and charge
 service fees in return. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the annual cap of the service fees was
 RMB3.0 billion, and the actual service fees for the connected transactions were RMB250 million.


    The cooperation between the Company and Anbang Insurance is beneficial for both parties to
achieve sharing of resources and mutual supplement of advantages which in turn further increases the
Company’s incomes from its retail banking intermediary business. In addition, entering into the business
cooperation framework agreement can simplify the disclosure procedure and reduce compliance cost of
the Company.


     As at the date of the above agreement, Anbang Insurance and its subsidiaries held approximately
17.84% equity interests of the Company, and Anbang Insurance was therefore a substantial shareholder
of the Company. Thus, Anbang Insurance and its subsidiaries constitute a connected person of
the Company and the transactions between the Group and Anbang Insurance and its subsidiaries
constitute continuing connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As the highest
applicable percentage ratio for the annual cap of the service fees receivable from Anbang Insurance
and its subsidiaries under the business cooperation framework agreement for the agency sale services
of financial products exceeds 0.1% but is less than 5%, the transactions constitute non-exempted
continuing connected transactions of the Company, and are subject to the reporting and announcement
requirements but are exempted from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under
Chapter 14A of Hong Kong Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the connected transaction
announcement of the Company published on 27 December 2018 on the HKEXnews website of the
SEHK and the website of the Company.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   253




                                                                                     Major Events


2. Opinions of the Independent Directors

    The Independent Non-Executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions
regarding the business cooperation with Anbang Insurance for agency sale services of financial
products, and confirmed that the transactions were:


    a.   entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;


    b.   based on normal or more favorable commercial terms; and


    c.   based on the terms of agreement governing the relevant transactions, which are fair and
         reasonable, and without prejudicing the legal interests of other shareholders.


3. Opinions of the auditors

     Pursuant to rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Board engaged
PricewaterhouseCoopers, the international auditor of the Company, to perform relevant procedures
on the continuing connected transactions regarding the business cooperation with Anbang Insurance
for agency sale services of financial products according to Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
Information” and with reference to the Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
Party Transaction under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. The Board confirmed that the auditor has reported the results of its procedures to
the Board. Regarding the disclosed connected transactions, nothing has come to the attention of the
auditor that:


    a.   the continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Board of the Company;


    b.   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, the transactions were
         not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;


    c.   the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant
         agreements governing such transactions; and


    d.   the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions has exceeded the
         aggregate annual caps in the continuing connected transaction announcement of the Company
         disclosed on the HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of the Company on 27
         December 2018.
254   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Major Events


(2) Cooperation Framework Agreement with Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. for 2020

      On 11 December 2019, the 13th meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the Company
considered and approved the Resolution on the Provision of General Credit Lines at Group Level to Dajia
Insurance Group Co., Ltd. for 2019 (《關於大家保險集團有限責任公司2019年度集團統一授信的議
案》). Subject to the reserved quota of agency category under non-credit business of the general credit
lines at group level considered and approved by the Board, the Company entered into the Business
Cooperation Framework Agreement of Agency Sale Services of Financial Products with Dajia Life
Insurance Co., Ltd., with a term from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020. Pursuant to the agreement,
subject to the laws and regulations, regulatory requirements and internal control system, the Company
will provide agency sales services of financial products to Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd., including but not
limited to insurance products, and charge for sales service fees. For the year ending 31 December 2020,
the annual cap of the service fees is RMB1.5 billion.


     The cooperation between the Company and Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is beneficial for both
parties to achieve sharing of resources and mutual supplement of advantages which in turn further
increases the Company’s incomes from its retail banking intermediary business. In addition, entering
into the business cooperation framework agreement can simplify the disclosure procedure and reduce
compliance cost of the Company.


     As at the date of the above agreement, Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. held approximately 17.84%
equity interests of the Company, and Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. was therefore a substantial
shareholder of the Company. Thus, Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. constitutes a connected person of
the Company and the transactions between the Group and Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. constitute
continuing connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As the highest applicable
percentage ratio for the annual cap of the service fees receivable from Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
under the business cooperation framework agreement for the agency sale services of financial products
exceeds 0.1% but is less than 5%, the transactions constitute non-exempted continuing connected
transactions of the Company, and are subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but are
exempted from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of Hong Kong
Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the connected transaction announcement of the Company
published on 11 December 2019 on the HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of the
Company.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   255




                                                                                    Major Events


2. Continuing connected transactions between the Company and Huaxia Life Insurance
Co., Ltd. for agency sale services of financial products

      On 27 November 2019, the 12th meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the Company
considered and approved the Proposal on Entering into Business Cooperation Framework Agreement
for Agency Sale of Financial Products between the Company and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (《關
於 本 公 司 與 華 夏 人 壽 保 險 股 份 有 限 公 司 簽 署 金 融 產 品 代 理 銷 售 業 務 合 作 框 架 協 議 的 議 案》)
and agreed to enter into the Business Cooperation Framework Agreement for Agency Sale of Financial
Products with Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd., a connected person, with a term from 1 January 2020
to 31 December 2020. Pursuant to the agreement, subject to the laws and regulations, regulatory
requirements and internal control system, the Company shall provide agency sale services of financial
products to Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd., including but not limited to insurance products, for sales
service fees. For the year ending 31 December 2020, the annual cap of the service fees is RMB0.5
billion.


     The cooperation between the Company and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is beneficial for both
parties to achieve sharing of resources and mutual supplement of advantages which in turn further
increases the Company’s incomes from its retail banking intermediary business. In addition, entering
into the business cooperation framework agreement can simplify the disclosure procedure and reduce
compliance cost of the Company.


     As at the date of the above agreement, Mr. Zhang Hongwei, the Vice Chairman of the Company,
is the ultimate controller of Orient Group Co., Ltd. and Orient Group Incorporation. As a result, Orient
Group Co., Ltd. and Orient Group Incorporation are associates of Mr. Zhang Hongwei. Orient Group
Co., Ltd., Orient Group Incorporation and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. are parties acting in concert.
Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. constitutes a connected person of the Company, and the transactions
between the Group and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. constitute continuing connected transactions
under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As the highest applicable percentage ratio for the annual cap
of the Service Fees payable to the Company by Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. under the Business
Cooperation Framework Agreement for Agency Sales of Financial Products exceeds 0.1% but is
less than 5%, the transactions constitute non-exempted continuing connected transactions of the
Company and are subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but are exempted from the
independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
For details, please refer to the connected transaction announcement of the Company published on 27
November 2019 on the HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of the Company.


     Save as disclosed in this report, during the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any
discloseable connected transaction or continuing connected transaction pursuant to provisions in
relation to connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
256    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Major Events


VIII. Repurchase, Sale or Redemption of Securities

    Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, during the 12 months ended 31 December 2019, the
Group had neither sold any securities of the Company nor repurchased or redeemed any securities of
the Company.


IX. Audit Committee

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the members of Audit Committee of the Company comprised
Liu Ningyu (chairman), Song Chunfeng, Weng Zhenjie, Peng Xuefeng and Tian Suning. On 17 May 2019,
the Resolution regarding the Appointment of Members of Special Committees of the Seventh Session of
the Board (《關於增補公司第七屆董事會部分專門委員會成員的決議》) was considered and approved
at the 16th meeting of the seventh session of the Board, pursuant to which, Mr. Song Chunfeng was
appointed as an additional member of the Audit Committee of the seventh session of the Board.


    The main responsibilities of the Audit Committee include reviewing and supervising the financial
reporting procedures and internal control system of the Company and providing advice to the Board.
The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed and confirmed the 2019 Annual Report and the
2019 Annual Results Announcement for the year ended 31 December 2019.


X. Restriction Commitments Regarding Additional Shares for Shareholders with
Shareholding of 5% or More in the Company

      Not applicable.


XI. Administrative Penalties Imposed on the Company and Directors, Supervisors,
Senior Management and Controlling Shareholders of the Company

     During the Reporting Period, the Company was not aware of the Company or any of its incumbent
Directors, Supervisors or Senior Management being subject to any investigation by the competent
authorities or mandatory measures imposed by the judicial authorities or commission for discipline
inspection, or handled over to judicial authorities for criminal liabilities, nor any of them being a subject to
examination or administrative penalty by the CSRC, or prohibited from the securities market or deemed
as ineligible persons, or subject to any material administrative penalty imposed by the environmental
protection, safety, taxation and other administrative authorities or publicly censured by any stock
exchanges.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   257




                                                                                    Major Events


XII. Incentive Share Option Scheme and its Implementation during the Reporting
Period

    Up to date, the Company had no employee share ownership scheme.


XIII. Integrity of the Company, Controlling Shareholders and Ultimate Controller

    The Company does not have any controlling shareholder or ultimate controller. During the Reporting
Period, the Company did not have any effective court ruling which was not implemented or any overdue
debt in large amounts.


XIV. Non-Operating Fund Occupation by Controlling Shareholders and Other Related
Parties

    The Company does not have any controlling shareholder and does not have any non-operating fund
occupation by other related parties.


XV. Performance of Social Responsibilities and Poverty Alleviation Work

(I) Performance of social responsibilities

      Adhering to its mission of “From the People, For the People (為民而生，與民共生)”, the Company
keeps firmly in mind the responsibility and awareness of “Minsheng serves the social community, cares
about people’s livelihood and grows with the public”. The Company takes reform and innovation as its
main task, and contributes to the corporate development, social progress and improvement of people’s
livelihood by making various efforts, which include reforming systems and mechanisms, promoting
inclusive finance in response to the national strategies, serving the NSOEs, conducting targeted poverty
alleviation, helping to construct ecological civilisation and cultivating Minsheng Homeland culture. The
Company’s social responsibility work has achieved greater performance.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company established the poverty alleviation system of “One Body
and Two Wings (一體兩翼式)”, which focused on the targeted poverty alleviation in Hua County and
Fengqiu County in Henan Province, stressed on helping poverty-stricken areas in “three autonomous
regions and three autonomous prefectures” (三區三州) and carrying out charity campaigns to
encourage the society to participate in poverty alleviation. The Company celebrated the fifth anniversary
of “Power of Minsheng’s Love — ME Charity Innovation Funding Scheme (我決定民生愛的力量 —
ME公益創新資助計劃)” and donated RMB14.33 million to initiate the fifth round of the scheme, in
which, funding for poverty alleviation projects was increased to encouraged more participation of the
public. The Company set up the third tranche of public welfare fund, which focused on four major areas,
namely poverty alleviation, culture, branding and emergency rescue. The Company donated RMB10
258   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Major Events


million to initiate the second round of GC medical care programme for Tibetan children with congenital
heart disease (第二屆光彩西藏先心病兒童救治項目), RMB5 million for purchase of ambulance in
Linxia Prefecture, and RMB5.02 million for scholarship in Yongsheng County of Yunnan Province. The
Company published its Social Responsibility Report of 2018 and organised exhibitions to introduce its
targeted poverty alleviation achievements, which brought higher corporate image. The art institutions
sponsored by the Company played an effective role in social public service through communication and
cooperation with the governments and charity organisations. 18 exhibitions and 268 public education
sessions were organised during the year with 1.3 million participants. These activities were widely
appreciated by the society and greatly contributed to cultural exchange and public education.


     The social responsibility practices of the Company in 2019 were highly recognised by various third
parties such as government authorities, charity organisations and mainstream media, and was awarded
important prizes including “Outstanding Poverty Alleviation Case (優秀扶貧案例)” by the Leading Group
Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development of the State Council. The special report of Minsheng Bank
Adopted Multiple Measures to Help Targeted Poverty Alleviation Counties (《民生銀行多措並舉助力
定點扶貧縣脫貧攻堅》) was published in the 18th issue of the Poverty Alleviation Information. Other
awards included the “Best Targeted Poverty Alleviation Contribution Award (最佳精準扶貧貢獻獎)”
by China Banking Association, “Pioneer of Poverty Alleviation by Finance (金融扶貧先鋒機構獎)” by
www.china.com.cn, “2019 Outstanding Enterprise of Poverty Alleviation Innovation (2019年扶貧創新傑
出企業)” by qq.com, the “2019 Excellent Competitor of — Targeted Poverty Alleviation (2019年卓越競
爭力精準扶貧助力機構)” by China Business Journal, and the “2019 Outstanding Case of Performance
of Social Responsibilities by Chinese Financial Enterprise (2019年中國金融企業履行社會責任優
秀案例)” by National Business Daily. The Company ranked first in the banking industry and second
among NSOEs in the “2019 Social Responsibility Development Index of Top 300 Enterprises of Social
Responsibility in China (2019年中國企業300強社會責任發展指數)” by the Chinese Academy of Social
Sciences. The Social Responsibility Division of the Executive Office of the Head Office of the Company
was nominated by the PBOC as one of the four candidates for the National Poverty Alleviation Award (全
國脫貧攻堅獎候選組織), who were selected from 22 applicants. The 2018 Social Responsibility Report
of the Company was awarded the “Five-Star Corporate Social Responsibility Report (五星級企業社會責
任報告)”.


   For details of the 2019 Social Responsibility Report (《2019年度社會責任報告》) of the
Company, please visit the website of the Company (www.cmbc.com.cn) and the website of the SSE
(www.sse.com.cn).
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   259




                                                                                    Major Events


(II) Performance of poverty alleviation work

     During the Reporting Period, based on the guidance of the spirit in the important instruction of
poverty alleviation proposed by President Xi Jinping and the leadership and support of the Leading
Group Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development of the State Council and the PBOC, the Company
further improved work mechanism, enhanced awareness and focused on innovations in targeted poverty
alleviation. Emphasis was placed on the integrated efforts for poverty alleviation, encouragement and
education. These initiatives have proven effective in terms of poverty alleviation and even elimination
of poverty, facilitating the development of poverty-stricken areas and increasing the income of the
poverty-stricken people. As such, the Company has made remarkable contribution to the success of
poverty alleviation. In 2019, the Company donated RMB67.69 million for poverty alleviation and set aside
RMB3,229 million as targeted poverty alleviation loans, of which RMB1,486 million was for individuals
and RMB1,743 million was for enterprises.


1. Effective poverty alleviation plan

     Hua County and Fengqiu County in Henan Province have been the targeted poverty alleviation
counties of the Company. The Company formulated the Targeted Poverty Alleviation Plan (《定點扶貧
計劃》) and Targeted Poverty Alleviation Guidelines (《定點扶貧工作指引》) based on the work plans
for poverty elimination and the actual needs of these two counties and the business features of the
Company after consulting with relevant departments, which emphasised on the effectiveness of poverty
alleviation. The Company improved mechanism and enriched the models of poverty alleviation, allocated
additional resources, made use of its expertise in the banking industry and integrated internal and
external resources to practically perform duties designated by the central government to facilitate Hua
County and Fengqiu County to consolidate the achievements of poverty alleviation.


2. Overview of poverty alleviation for the year

    The leaders of the Company highly addressed the substantial implementation of the guidance
and strategies of the central government and the State Council in respect of poverty elimination. All
employees of the Company placed great emphasis on poverty relief and worked hard to lift the people
with low incomes out of poverty according to the schedule.


     During the Reporting Period, adhering to the mindset of “effects are more important than figures (要
以效果為標準，不以規模為指標)” and taking the advantage of its experience in the banking sector
and its flexible operation and management system, the Company provided stronger help for free and
financial support and integrated social resources to poverty alleviation. The Company continued to adopt
the “Nine-In-One (九位一體)” poverty alleviation approach, which aimed to alleviate poverty through
approaches in nine aspects, namely industry, party building, education, healthcare, finance, skills,
consumption, E-Commerce and employment. The Company proactively pushed forward targeted poverty
alleviation of Hua County and Fengqiu County, and help both counties to consolidate the achievements of
poverty alleviation.
260   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Major Events


3. Achievement of targeted poverty alleviation

                                                                                 (Unit: RMB ten thousand)
             Indicator                                          Amount and progress
I.    General information
      Of which:                                                      Amount for the               Balance
      1. Funds                                                                year
                                           Amount                        1,310,606                 329,715
                                           Of which:
                                           Poverty alleviation               958,337               148,649
                                             loans to individuals
                                           Poverty alleviation               345,500               174,297
                                             loans to enterprises
                                           Donations for the year              6,769                 6,769
      2.  Number of poverty-                                                                        11,754
          stricken people helped
          to be removed from
          administrative record
          for poverty registering
          (person)
II.   Input in different dimensions
      1. Poverty alleviation through industrial
          development
          Of which:
          1.1 Type of industrial development projects                             √ Agriculture and Forestry
                                                                                                  Tourism
                                                                                            √ E-Commerce
                                                                                         Return on assets
                                                                                              Technology
                                                                                                   √ Others
           1.2 Number of industrial development projects                                                31
           1.3 Amount invested for industrial development                                          323,456
               projects
               1.3.1  Amount of direct capital investment                                             510
               1.3.2 Amount of loans extended                                                      322,946
           1.4 Number of poverty-stricken people helped
               to be removed from administrative record                                                  —
               for poverty registering (person)
                                                                           Annual Report 2019   261




                                                                           Major Events


        Indicator                                    Amount and progress
2.   Poverty alleviation through transfer employment
     Of which:
     2.1 Amount invested for vocational training                                              688
     2.2 Number of people received vocational                                               2,844
          training (person/time)
     2.3 Number of poverty-stricken people helped                                                3
          to gain jobs
3.   Poverty alleviation through education
     Of which:
     3.1 Amount of subsidies to poor students                                            1,281.8
     3.2 Number of poverty-stricken students                                               2,415
          subsidised (person)
     3.3 Amount invested for the improvement in                                          1,281.8
          educational resources in poverty-stricken
          areas
4.   Poverty alleviation through healthcare
     Of which:
     4.1 Amount invested for improvements in                                                    418
          medical and healthcare resources in
          poverty-stricken areas
5.   Poverty alleviation through public welfare
     Of which:
     5.1 Amount invested for poverty alleviation                                                618
          coordination between Eastern and Western
          China
     5.2 Amount invested for targeted poverty                                               2,843
          alleviation
     5.3 Public charity foundation for poverty                                              4,008
          alleviation
6.   Poverty alleviation through other approaches
     Of which:
     6.1 The number of projects                                                                 5
     6.2 Amount invested                                                                    2,438
     6.3 Number of poverty-stricken people helped
          to be removed from administrative record                                               —
          for poverty registering (person)
     6.4 Other
262   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Major Events


             Indicator                                Amount and progress
III. Awards (details and grades)
The targeted poverty alleviation case of the Company was published in the 18th issue of the Poverty
Alleviation Information (《扶貧信息》第18期) by the Leading Group Office of Poverty Alleviation and
Development of the State Council.

The targeted poverty alleviation case of the Company was published in the Victory 2020 — Notebook
for Grassroots Cadres of Poverty Alleviation (《決勝2020 — 基層扶貧幹部學習筆記》) by the Leading
Group Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development of the State Council.

The essay on targeted poverty alleviation of the Company was selected as one of the six speech
materials at the poverty alleviation seminar organised by the PBOC.
The Social Responsibility Division of the Executive Office of the Head Office of the Company was
nominated by the PBOC as one of the four candidates for the National Poverty Alleviation Award.

The Company ranked first in the banking industry and second among NSOEs in the “2019 Social
Responsibility Development Index of Top 300 Enterprises of Social Responsibility in China (2019年中國
企業300強社會責任發展指數)” by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
“Best Targeted Poverty Alleviation Contribution Award of Banking Industry of 2018 (2018年銀行業最佳
精準扶貧貢獻獎)” by China Banking Association

“Pioneer of Poverty Alleviation by Finance for 2019 (2019年金融扶貧先鋒機構)” by www.china.com.cn

“2019 Outstanding Enterprise of Poverty Alleviation Innovation (2019年扶貧創新傑出企業)” by qq.com

“2019 Excellent Competitiveness — Targeted Poverty Alleviation Institution (2019年卓越競爭力精準扶
貧助力機構)” by China Business Journal

“2019 Outstanding Case of Social Responsibility Practices by Chinese Financial Enterprise (2019年中
國金融企業履行社會責任優秀案例)” by National Business Daily
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   263




                                                                                   Major Events


4. Continuing targeted poverty alleviation plan

     Targeted poverty alleviation conducted by institutions under the central government is an important
part of promoting development and alleviating poverty programme with Chinese characteristics and is an
important embodiment of China’s political and system advantages. In 2020, based on the guidance of
the strategic mindset of poverty alleviation and development proposed by President Xi Jinping and the
leadership and support of the Leading Group Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development of the State
Council and the PBOC, the Company will continuously promote the senses of responsibility, mission
and urgency and persist in targeted poverty alleviation and elimination. Leveraging on the advantages of
the banking industry and the actual demands of the poverty-stricken areas, the Company will optimise
working system, innovate approaches and improve the efficiency of poverty alleviation so as to eliminate
poverty and prevent returning to poverty, making new and greater contribution to poverty elimination and
rural revitalisation.


XVI. Other Major Events

    Pursuant to approvals of the CBIRC and the PBOC, the Company successfully issued secondary
capital bonds of RMB40 billion in the inter-bank market in China. Please refer to the announcement of
the Company dated 1 March 2019 which is posted on the website of the Company (www.cmbc.com.cn)
and the HKEXnews website of the SEHK (www.hkexnews.hk) for details.


    Pursuant to approvals of the CBIRC and the PBOC, the Company issued undated capital
bonds of RMB40 billion in the inter-bank market in China. Please refer to the announcement of the
Company dated 4 June 2019 which is posted on the website of the Company (www.cmbc.com.cn)
and the HKEXnews website of the SEHK (www.hkexnews.hk) for details.
264    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Financial Reports

I.     Independent Auditor’s Report


II.    Financial Statements (Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, Consolidated Statement of Profit
       or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income, Consolidated and the Bank’s Statement of Financial
       Position, Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and Consolidated Statement of Cash
       Flows)


III.   Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year 2019


IV.    Unaudited Supplementary Information of Financial Statements for the Year 2019
                                                                                Annual Report 2019   265




                                              Independent Auditor’s Report




To the Shareholders of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Opinion

What we have audited


The consolidated financial statements of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd (the “Bank”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 275 to 465, which comprise:


•    the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2019;


•    the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;


•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;


•    the consolidated statement of equity movement for the year then ended


•    the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and


•    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant
     accounting policies.


Our opinion

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2019, and of its consolidated financial
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
266   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.


We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.


Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code.


Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance
in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2019    267




                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


Key Audit Matters (Continued)

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:


•       Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
        investments


•       Consolidation of structured entities


    The Key Audit Matter                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit


    Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments


    Refer to Note 2.11, Note 3.1, Note 5.15 and Note
    5.16 to the consolidated financial statements.


    As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s gross             We understood, evaluated and tested the design and
    loans and advances to customers amounted to           operational effectiveness of the internal controls relating
    RMB3,512.90 billion, which includes the Group’s       to the measurement of ECL for loans and advances
    gross loans and advances to customers measured at     to customers, and financial investments, primarily
    amortised cost of RMB3,340.68 billion and allowance   including:
    for impairment losses of RMB82.48 billion, and the
    Group’s gross loans and advances to customers         (1)   Internal controls over ECL models, including the
    measured at fair value through other comprehensive          selection, approval and application of modelling
    income of RMB172.22 billion and allowance for               methodology; and the internal controls relating to
    impairment losses of RMB2.17 billion.                       the on-going monitoring and optimization of the
                                                                models;


                                                          (2)   Internal   controls      relating     to     significant
                                                                management       judgments      and        assumptions,
                                                                including the review and approval of portfolio
                                                                segmentation,    model     selections,      parameters
                                                                estimation, identification of significant increase
                                                                in credit risk, defaults and credit-impaired loans,
                                                                and financial investments, and forward-looking
                                                                measurement;
268    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


Key Audit Matters (Continued)

 The Key Audit Matter                                             How the matter was addressed in our audit


 Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments
 (continued)


 The     Group’s    gross      financial    investments   under   (3)   Internal    controls     over   the   accuracy   and
 expected credit losses amounted to RMB1,657.99                         completeness of key inputs used by the models;
 billion, which include the Group’s financial investments
 measured at amortised cost of RMB1,147.19 billion                (4)   Internal controls relating to estimated future
 and allowance for impairment losses of RMB4.11                         cash flows and calculations of present values of
 billion; and financial investments measured at fair                    such cash flows for corporate loans and financial
 value    through    other      comprehensive      income    of         investments in stage 3;
 RMB510.80 billion and allowance for impairment
 losses of RMB1.06 billion in the Group’s consolidated            (5)   Internal controls over the information systems for
 statement of financial position.                                       model-based measurement.


 The balances of allowances for impairment losses for             The substantive procedures we preformed primarily
 the loans and advances to customers and financial                included:
 investments       represent     the       management’s    best
 estimates at the balance sheet date of expected credit           (1)   We    reviewed     the    modelling   methodologies
 losses (“ECL”) under International Financial Reporting                 for   ECL    measurement,       and   assessed   the
 Standard 9: Financial Instruments expected credit                      reasonableness of the significant judgements
 losses models.                                                         and assumptions involved, including portfolio
                                                                        segmentation, models selection, key parameters
 The management assesses whether the credit risk                        estimation and so on. We examined the model
 of loans and advances to customers and financial                       computation on a sample basis, to validate
 investments under expected credit losses have                          whether or not the measurement models reflect
 increased significantly since their initial recognition,               the management’s modelling methodologies.
 and applied a three-stage impairment model to
 calculate their ECL. For corporate loans and financial           (2)   We selected samples, in consideration of the
 investments classified into stages 1 and 2, and all                    financial information and non-financial information
 personal loans, the management assesses allowance                      of the borrowers, relevant external evidence and
 for impairment losses using the risk parameter                         other factors, to assess the appropriateness of
 modelling approach that incorporates key parameters,                   the management’s identification of significant
 including probability of default, loss given default,                  increase in credit risk, defaults and credit-
 exposure at default and discount rates. For corporate                  impaired loans and financial investments.
 loans and financial investments in stage 3, the
 management assesses allowance for impairment
 losses by estimating the cash flows from corporate
 loans and financial investments.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2019     269




                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


Key Audit Matters (Continued)

 The Key Audit Matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit


 Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments
 (continued)


 The measurement models of ECL involves significant          (3)   For forward-looking measurement, we reviewed
 management judgments and assumptions, primarily                   the     management’s     model     analysis   of      their
 including the following:                                          selection   of   economic    indicators,      economic
                                                                   scenarios and weightings assigned, assessed the
 (1)   Segmentation of portfolio based on credit risk              reasonableness of the prediction of economic
       characteristics, selection of appropriate models            indicators and performed sensitivity analysis of
       and determination of relevant key parameters;               economic indicators, economic scenarios and
                                                                   weightings.
 (2)   Criteria for determining whether or not there was
       a significant increase in credit risk, or a default   (4)   We examined major data inputs to the ECL
       or impairment loss was incurred;                            models on selected samples, including historical
                                                                   data and data at the measurement date, to
 (3)   Economic      indicators    for     forward-looking         assess their accuracy and completeness. We also
       measurement, and the application of economic                tested the interfaces of the major data transfer
       scenarios and weightings;                                   between the ECL calculation engines and relevant
                                                                   information systems, to verify their accuracy and
 (4)   The estimated future cash flows for corporate               completeness.
       loans and financial investments in stage 3.
                                                             (5)   For corporate loans and financial investments
 The Group established governance processes and                    in stage 3, we examined, on a sample basis,
 internal controls for the measurement of ECL.                     forecasted future cash flows prepared by the
                                                                   Group based on financial information of borrowers
 For   measuring     ECL,   the   management      adopted          and guarantors, latest collateral valuations and
 complex models, used numerous parameters and                      other available information together with discount
 data inputs, and applied significant management                   rates in supporting the computation of allowance
 judgments     and    assumptions.       The   amount   of         for impairment losses.
 allowance for impairment losses was significant. In
 view of these reasons, we identified this as a key audit    Based on our procedures performed, in the context of
 matter.                                                     the inherent uncertainties associated with measurement
                                                             of ECL for loans and advances to customers, and
                                                             financial investments, the models, key parameters,
                                                             significant   judgements     and   assumptions       adopted
                                                             by management and the measurement results were
                                                             considered acceptable.
270   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


Key Audit Matters (Continued)

 The Key Audit Matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit


 Consolidation of structured entities


 Refer to Note 2.5 (1), Note 3.5 and Note 7 to the
 consolidated financial statements.

 Structured entities primarily included Wealth               Our audit procedures to assess the consolidation of
 Management Products (“WMPs”), Asset-backed                  structured entities included the following:
 securities, funds, trust plans and asset management
 plans invested, sponsored and/or managed by the             (1)   We understood, evaluated and tested the design
 Group.                                                            and operating effectiveness of the Group’s
                                                                   relevant controls over consolidation assessment
 As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of                    of structured entities.
 principal guaranteed WMPs and, asset management
 plans sponsored and managed by the Group included           (2)   We selected samples of structured entities and
 in the consolidated statement of financial position               performed the following tests:
 amounted to RMB2.00 billion.
                                                                   •    assessed the Group’s contractual rights
 As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of                         and obligations in light of the transaction
 unconsolidated structured entities invested by the                     structures, and evaluated the Group ’s
 Group amounted to RMB833.58 billion.                                   power over the structured entities.

 As at 31 December 2019, the balances of non-                      •    performed independent analysis and tests
 principal guaranteed WMPs, funds and asset                             on the variable returns from the structured
 management plans and trust plans sponsored and/                        entities, including but not limited to
 or managed by the Group which were not included                        commission income, asset management
 in the consolidated statement of financial position                    fees earned and, the retention of residual
 were RMB894.10 billion and RMB291.53 billion,                          income, and, if any, the liquidity and other
 respectively.                                                          support provided to the structured entities.

 Management had determined whether the Group had                   •    assessed whether the Group acted as a
 control of certain structured entities based on their                  principal or an agent, through analysis and
 assessment of the Group’s power over, its exposure                     assessment of the scope of the Group’s
 to variable returns from its involvement with, and its                 decision-making authority over the sampled
 ability to use its power to affect the amount of its                   structured entities, its remuneration to
 returns from these structured entities.                                which the Group was entitled for asset
                                                                        management services, the Group’s
 The significant judgement exercised by management                      exposure to variability of returns from its
 in assessing whether the Group had control of                          other interests in the structured entities,
 structured entities and the amount of such structured                  and the rights held by other parties in the
 entities resulted in consolidation of structured entities              structured entities.
 being identified as a key audit matter.
                                                             Based on the audit procedures performed, we found
                                                             management’s consolidation judgment of these
                                                             structured entities acceptable.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019   271




                                             Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


Other Information

The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
all of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements
and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and              Those    Charged      with    Governance         for      the
Consolidated Financial Statements

The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
process.
272   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body,
and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is
not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
      whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those
      risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
      opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than
      for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
      opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
      accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related
      to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue
      as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
      draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
      statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
      based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   273




                                            Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
    statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements
    represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
    or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
    statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group
    audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied
with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and
where applicable, related safeguards.
274   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters
that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report
unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Leung Kwok
Wai, Jimmy.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, 30 March 2020
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2019    275




                                                  Consolidated Income Statement
                               For the year ended 31 December 2019 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                          Note 5                  2019                  2018


 Interest income                                                                              250,724                235,347
 Interest expense                                                                             (152,781)             (158,667)


 Net interest income                                                         1                  97,943                76,680


 Fee and commission income                                                                      57,024                52,684
 Fee and commission expense                                                                     (4,729)                (4,553)


 Net fee and commission income                                               2                  52,295                48,131


 Net trading gain                                                            3                   9,067                  6,520
 Net gain from investment securities                                         4                  15,895                20,798
   Including: disposals of financial assets measured at
               amortised cost                                                                    1,144                  1,142
 Other operating income                                                                          2,545                  2,032
 Operating expenses                                                          5                 (50,016)              (49,056)
 Credit impairment losses                                                    6                 (62,807)              (46,274)
 Other impairment losses                                                                           (184)                     (46)


 Profit before income tax                                                                       64,738                58,785


 Income tax expense                                                          8                  (9,814)                (8,455)


 Net profit                                                                                     54,924                50,330


 Net profit attributable to:
   Equity shareholders of the Bank                                                              53,819                50,327
   Non-controlling interests                                                                     1,105                         3


 Earnings per share (expressed in RMB Yuan)
   Basic and Diluted earnings per share                                      9                     1.22                     1.14




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
276   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2019 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                   2019      2018


 Net profit                                                                                    54,924       50,330


 Other comprehensive income of the year, net of tax                                                 668      4,727


    Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:


    Changes in fair value of equity instruments designated
     as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income                                    52         —


    Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:


    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
     Changes in fair value                                                                           50      5,112
     Allowance for impairment losses                                                                573      1,079
     Transfer to profit or loss                                                                      28       (360)
     Less: income tax relating to debt securities at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                                                            (111)   (1,522)


    Effective hedging portion of gains or losses arising from
     cash flow hedging instruments                                                                   (26)      26
    Exchange difference on translating foreign operations                                           102       392


 Total comprehensive income of the year                                                        55,592       55,057


 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
    Equity shareholders of the Bank                                                            54,525       55,018
    Non-controlling interests                                                                      1,067       39




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   277




                    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                          As at 31 December 2019 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                     31 December           31 December
                                                                        Note 5              2019                  2018


ASSETS


Cash and balances with central bank                                       10                371,155               389,281
Balances with banks and other financial institutions                      11                 53,180                52,154
Precious metals                                                                              15,237                 7,205
Placements with banks and other financial institutions                    12                248,565               246,525
Derivative financial assets                                               13                 31,100                33,112
Financial assets held under resale agreements                             14                 65,799                39,190
Loans and advances to customers                                           15              3,430,427             3,008,272
Financial investments:                                                    16
  — Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                   528,338                381,093
  — Financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                                          512,888               461,693
  — Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                           1,143,079             1,127,231
Long-term receivables                                                     17                116,593               110,824
Property and equipment                                                    18                 51,365                48,765
Right-of-use assets                                                       19                 14,545                   N/A
Deferred income tax assets                                                20                 36,050                30,691
Investments in associates                                                                         3                    —
Other assets                                                              22                 63,517                58,786


Total assets                                                                              6,681,841             5,994,822


LIABILITIES

Borrowings from central bank                                                                198,843                304,323
Deposits and placements from banks and
  other financial institutions                                            23              1,163,054             1,091,860
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                                    5,184                   987
Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions                    24                132,295               125,043
Derivative financial liabilities                                          13                 17,793                18,000
Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                         25                101,705                89,687
Deposits from customers                                                   26              3,637,034             3,194,441
Lease liabilities                                                         27                 10,420                   N/A
Provisions                                                                28                  1,603                 1,371
Debt securities issued                                                    29                817,225               674,523
Current income tax liabilities                                                               17,764                 8,728
Deferred income tax liabilities                                           20                    125                   123
Other liabilities                                                         30                 47,967                54,735


Total liabilities                                                                         6,151,012             5,563,821
278   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
As at 31 December 2019 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                      31 December    31 December
                                                                          Note 5             2019           2018


 EQUITY


 Share capital                                                              31             43,782         43,782
 Other equity instrument                                                                   69,860          9,892
    Including: Preference shares                                            32             29,867          9,892
               Perpetual bonds                                              33             39,993              —
 Reserves
    Capital reserve                                                         31             57,411         57,470
    Surplus reserve                                                         34             45,162         39,911
    General reserve                                                         34             81,657         74,370
    Other reserves                                                                          2,227          1,518
 Retained earnings                                                          34            218,746        193,131


 Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank                             518,845        420,074


 Non-controlling interests                                                  35             11,984         10,927


 Total equity                                                                             530,829        431,001


 Total liabilities and equity                                                            6,681,841      5,994,822



The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.


Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2020.




Hong Qi                                                        Zheng Wanchun
Chairman                                                       Director and President




Liu Ningyu
Director                                                       (Company Seal)
                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2019        279




                                 Consolidated Statement of Equity Movement
                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                     Attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank
                                                                                                        Reserves
                                                                     Other                                    Investment               Cash flow                               Non-
                                                        Share       equity   Capital Surplus General revaluation Exchange Hedging                    Retained             controlling      Total
                                                       capital instrument    reserve    reserve      reserve      reserve      reserve   reserve     earnings        Total interests      equity
                                             Note 5        31      32 & 33        31         34            34          37                      37          34                      35

At 31 December 2018                                     43,782      9,892     57,470      39,911      74,370       1,133         362          23      193,131     420,074      10,927    431,001

(I) Net profit                                              —           —         —           —           —           —           —            —       53,819      53,819       1,105     54,924
(II)	Other comprehensive income,
        net of tax                                          —          —          —           —           —          689          46          (26)         (3)        706         (38)      668

Total comprehensive income                                  —          —          —           —           —          689          46          (26)     53,816      54,525       1,067     55,592

(III) Capital Injection by shareholders
      1. Capital injection by
            non-controlling shareholders                    —          —          —           —           —           —           —            —           —            —          —          —
      2. Change in shareholdings
            in subsidiaries                                 —          —         (59)         —           16          —           —            —          (16)         (59)       59          —
      3. Capital injection by other equity
            instrument holder                               —      59,968         —           —           —           —           —            —           —       59,968          —      59,968
(IV) Profit distribution
      1. Appropriation to surplus reserve                   —          —          —        5,251          —           —           —            —       (5,251)          —          —          —
      2. Appropriation to general reserve                   —          —          —           —        7,271          —           —            —       (7,271)          —          —          —
      3. Cash dividends                                     —          —          —           —           —           —           —            —      (15,663)     (15,663)       (69)   (15,732)

At 31 December 2019                                     43,782     69,860     57,411      45,162      81,657       1,822         408           (3)    218,746     518,845      11,984    530,829
280       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Consolidated Statement of Equity Movement (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2018 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                    Attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank
                                                                                                       Reserves
                                                                    Other                                    Investment               Cash flow                             Non-
                                                       Share       equity   Capital Surplus General revaluation Exchange Hedging                    Retained           controlling      Total
                                                      capital instrument    reserve    reserve      reserve      reserve      reserve   reserve     earnings      Total interests      equity
                                             Note 5       31      32 & 33        31         34            34          37                      37          34                    35

 At 31 December 2017                                  36,485       9,892     64,753      34,914      74,168       (4,757)        98           (3)    163,420    378,970     10,842    389,812

 Changes in accounting policies                           —            —         —           —           —        1,489          —            —      (11,527)   (10,038)      (148)   (10,186)

 At 1 January 2018                                    36,485       9,892     64,753      34,914      74,168       (3,268)        98           (3)    151,893    368,932     10,694    379,626

 (I) Net profit                                           —            —         —           —           —            —          —            —       50,327     50,327          3     50,330
 (II) Other comprehensive income,
        net of tax                                        —           —          —           —           —        4,401         264          26           —       4,691        36       4,727

 Total comprehensive income                               —           —          —           —           —        4,401         264          26       50,327     55,018        39      55,057

 (III) Capital Injection by shareholders
       1. Ordinary shares converted from
            capital reserve                            7,297          —      (7,297)         —           —            —          —            —           —          —          —          —
       2. Capital injection by
            non-controlling shareholders                  —           —         98           —           —            —          —            —           (1)       97        242        339
       3. Change in shareholdings
            in subsidiaries                               —           —         (84)         —           6            —          —            —          (61)      (139)       (13)      (152)
       4. Disposal of subsidiaries                        —           —          —           —           —            —          —            —           —          —          (6)        (6)
 (IV) Profit distribution
       1. Appropriation to surplus reserve                —            —         —        4,997          —            —          —            —       (4,997)        —          —          —
       2. Appropriation to general reserve                —            —         —           —          196           —          —            —         (196)        —          —          —
       3. Cash dividends                                  —            —         —           —           —            —          —            —       (3,834)    (3,834)       (29)    (3,863)

 At 31 December 2018                                  43,782       9,892     57,470      39,911      74,370       1,133         362          23      193,131    420,074     10,927    431,001



The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2019   281




                                 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                             For the year ended 31 December 2019 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                2019                  2018


Cash flows from operating activities:


Profit before income tax                                                                      64,738                58,785


Adjustments for:
  — Credit impairment losses                                                                  62,807                46,274
  — Other impairment losses                                                                      184                      46
  — Depreciation and amortisation                                                              7,206                  7,197
  — Gains on disposal of property and
    equipment and other long-term assets                                                         (283)                    (17)
  — Gains from changes in fair value                                                          (1,437)                (8,357)
  — Net gains on disposal of investment securities                                           (15,480)              (12,307)
  — Interest expense on debt securities issued and
    other financing activities                                                                25,584                23,632
  — Interest income from investment securities                                               (64,259)              (60,987)


Subtotal                                                                                      79,060                54,266


Changes in operating assets:
Net decrease in balances with central bank, banks and
  other financial institutions                                                                15,981                73,350
Net decrease/(increase) in placements with banks and
  other financial institutions                                                                 4,997               (70,073)
Net (increase)/decrease in financial assets held under resale agreements                     (26,755)               13,784
Net increase in loans and advances to customers                                             (486,081)             (312,907)
Net increase in other operating assets                                                       (90,232)              (22,832)


Subtotal                                                                                    (582,090)             (318,678)


Changes in operating liabilities:
Net decrease in borrowings from central bank                                                (103,051)              (30,850)
Net increase in deposits from customers                                                     436,796                200,982
Net increase/(decrease) in deposits and placements from banks and
  other financial institutions                                                                72,710              (231,026)
Net increase/(decrease) in financial assets sold under
  repurchase agreements                                                                       12,058               (18,117)
Income tax paid                                                                               (6,135)              (11,108)
Net increase/(decrease) in other operating liabilities                                         5,725               (40,967)


Subtotal                                                                                    418,103               (131,086)


Net cash used in operating activities                                                        (84,927)             (395,498)
282   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                         Note 5                     2019          2018


 Cash flows from investing activities:
 Proceeds from sale and redemption of investments and
    investment income                                                                       1,315,602        1,693,509
 Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment,
    intangible assets and other long-term assets                                                     501         2,028
 Cash payment for investments                                                              (1,374,973)       (1,408,202)
 Cash payment for subsidiaries and associates                                                          (3)           —
 Cash payment for purchase of property and equipment,
    intangible assets and other long-term assets                                                   (8,218)       (5,803)


 Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                        (67,091)        281,532


 Cash flows from financing activities:
 Capital injection by holders of other equity instruments                                      59,968                —
 Capital contribution from non-controlling interests to subsidiaries                                   —           181
 Proceeds from issue of debt securities                                                       935,433        1,167,503
 Repayment of debt securities issued                                                         (805,232)       (1,003,023)
 Interest paid on debt securities issued                                                       (12,770)         (19,305)
 Dividends paid                                                                                (15,732)          (3,863)
 Cash payment in other financing activities                                                        (3,979)           —


 Net cash generated from financing activities                                                 157,688          141,493


 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                         5,670        27,527


 Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                       138,026          109,099
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                        954         1,400


 Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                   38                144,650          138,026




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019   283




         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

1   General information

    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a national joint-stock commercial bank
    established in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) on 7 February 1996 with the approval
    of the State Council of the PRC and the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”).


    The Bank obtained the financial service certificate No. B0009H111000001 as approved by the
    China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (the former “China Banking Regulatory
    Commission” and “China Insurance Regulatory Commission”, the “CBIRC”), and the business
    licence as approved by the Beijing Administration for Industry and Commerce, the unified social
    credit code is No. 91110000100018988F.


    The Bank’s A Shares and H Shares are listed in the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Stock
    Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the stock codes are 600016 and 01988, respectively.


    In this consolidated financial statements, Chinese mainland refers to the PRC excluding the
    Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC (“Hong Kong”), the Macau Special
    Administrative Region of the PRC (“Macau”) and Taiwan. Overseas refers to Hong Kong,
    Macau, Taiwan and other countries and regions.


    The Bank and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) mainly provide corporate and personal
    banking, treasury business, financial leasing, fund and asset management, investment banking
    and other financial services in the PRC.


    As at 31 December 2019, the Bank had 42 tier-one branches and 32 subsidiaries.


2   Summary of key accounting policies

    The accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are
    set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all periods presented, unless
    otherwise stated.


    2.1 Basis of preparation

        (1)   Statement of compliance

              The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
              International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”), as issued by the International
              Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). In addition, the consolidated financial
              statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing
              of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by the Hong Kong
              Companies Ordinance (Cap.622) for this financial year and the comparative period.
284   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.1 Basis of preparation (continued)

            (2)   Basis of preparation

                  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis
                  except for certain financial instruments which are measured at fair value, as explained
                  in the accounting policies set out below. Historical cost is generally based on the fair
                  value of consideration given in exchange for assets and that is received (or in some
                  circumstances the amount expected to be paid) with respect to liabilities.


                  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires the use
                  of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise
                  its judgment in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas
                  involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions
                  and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in
                  Note 3.


      2.2 Standards and amendments effective in 2019 relevant to and adopted by the
          Group

            In current period, the Group has adopted the following IFRSs and amendments issued by
            the IASB, that are mandatorily effective for current year.


            IFRS 16                                            Leases
            Amendments to IFRS 3, IFRS 11,                     IASB Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2015–2017
              IAS 12 and IAS 23                                  Cycle
            IFRIC 23                                           Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
            Amendments to IFRS 9                               Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
            Amendments to IAS 28                               Long-term Interests in Associates and
                                                                 Joint Ventures
            Amendments to IAS 19                               Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement


            The new accounting standard IFRS 16 Leases and its impacts are disclosed in Note 2.4
            Key changes in accounting policies. The adoption of the other standards and amendments
            does not have a significant impact on the operating results, comprehensive income, or
            financial position of the Group.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2019   285




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                          (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.3 Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in
        current year and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group

        In current year, the Group has not adopted the following new or amended standards
        issued by the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), that have been
        issued but are not yet effective.


         Standards/Amendments                                                                        Effective date


         Amendments to IAS 1and IAS 8 The Definition of Material                                  1 January 2020
         Amendments to IFRS 3 The Definition of a Business                                        1 January 2020
         IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts                                                              1 January 2021
                                                                                            (likely to be extended
                                                                                               to 1 January 2023)
         Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 Sale or Contribution of Assets                  The amendments were
           between An Investor and Its Associate or Joint Venture                        originally intended to be
                                                                                      effective for annual periods
                                                                                             beginning on or after
                                                                                                  1 January 2016.
                                                                                           The effective date has
                                                                                              now been deferred.



        Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8: The Definition of Material

        The IASB issued amendments to the definition of material in IAS 1 and IAS 8. The
        amended definition is: “Information is material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could
        reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose
        financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements, which provide
        financial information about a specific reporting entity.”


        The amendment clarifies that the reference to obscuring information addresses situations
        in which the effect is similar to omitting or misstating that information. It also states that an
        entity assesses materiality in the context of the financial statements as a whole.


        The amendment also clarifies the meaning of ‘primary users of general purpose financial
        statements’ to whom those financial statements are directed, by defining them as ‘existing
        and potential investors, lenders and other creditors’ that must rely on general purpose
        financial statements for much of the financial information they need.


        The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant
        impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
286   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.3 Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in
          current year and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group
          (continued)

            Amendments to IFRS 3: The Definition of a Business

            The IASB issued amendments to the definition of a business in IFRS 3. To be considered
            a business, an acquisition would have to include an input and a substantive process that
            together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The definition of the term
            ‘outputs’ is narrowed to focus on goods and services provided to customers, generating
            investment income and other income, and it excludes returns in the form of lower costs
            and other economic benefits.


            The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant
            impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


            IFRS 17: Insurance Contracts

            IFRS 17 was issued in May 2017 as replacement for IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts. It
            requires a current measurement model where estimates are re-measured each reporting
            period. Contracts are measured using the building blocks of: discounted probability-
            weighted cash flows, an explicit risk adjustment, and a contractual service margin (“CSM”)
            representing the unearned profit of the contract which is recognized as revenue over the
            coverage period.


            The standard allows a choice between recognizing changes in discount rates either in the
            income statement or directly in other comprehensive income. The choice is likely to reflect
            how insurers account for their financial assets under IFRS 9.


            An optional, simplified premium allocation approach is permitted for the liability for the
            remaining coverage for short duration contracts, which are often written by non-life
            insurers.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   287




                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.3 Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in
        current year and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group
        (continued)

        IFRS 17: Insurance Contracts (continued)

        There is a modification of the general measurement model called the “variable fee
        approach” for certain contracts written by life insurers where policyholders share in the
        returns from underlying items. When applying the variable fee approach the entity’s share
        of the fair value changes of the underlying items is included in the contractual service
        margin. The results of insurers using this model are therefore likely to be less volatile than
        under the general model.


        The new rules will affect the financial statements and key performance indicators of
        all entities that issue insurance contracts or investment contracts with discretionary
        participation features.


        The Group anticipates that the adoption of IFRS 17 will not have a significant impact on
        the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


        Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28: Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
        Investor and Its Associate or Joint Venture

        The amendments address an inconsistency between IFRS 10 and IAS 28 in the sale and
        contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture.


        A full gain or loss is recognized when a transaction involves a business. A partial gain or
        loss is recognized when a transaction involves assets that do not constitute a business,
        even if those assets are in a subsidiary.


        The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant
        impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
288   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.4 Key changes in accounting policies

            The Group has adopted IFRS 16 from 1 January 2019, but has not restated comparative
            figures for the 2018 reporting period, as permitted under the specific transitional provisions
            in the standard. The reclassifications and the adjustments arising from the new leasing
            rules are therefore recognised in the balance sheet on 1 January 2019.


            For operating lease contracts existed prior to the first adoption of IFRS 16 Leases, the
            Group determined different cohesion methods according to the remaining lease period:


            —     If the remaining lease period is longer than 12 months, for these operating leases
                  before the first application date, the existing contract selection before the first
                  execution date is not re-evaluated whether it is a lease or includes a lease in
                  accordance with the relevant provisions of IFRS 16. The Group recognised the lease
                  liabilities on the basis of the remaining lease payments and lessee’s incremental
                  borrowing rate as at 1 January 2019. Based on the amount determined by the lease
                  liabilities, the Group made necessary adjustments according to the rental prepayment
                  to determine the book value of the right-of-use assets. The weighted average lessee’s
                  incremental borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities on 1 January 2019 was
                  4.59%.


            —     If the remaining lease period is less than 12 months, the Group adopts practical
                  expedients and does not recognise the right-of-use assets or lease liabilities, which
                  have no significant impact on the financial statements.


            —     For operating lease contracts of low-value assets that existed before the first adoption
                  of IFRS 16, the Group adopts practical expedients and does not recognise the right-
                  of-use assets or lease liabilities, which have no significant impact on the financial
                  statements.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2019     289




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.4 Key changes in accounting policies (continued)

        The impact of the Group’s adoption of IFRS 16 Leases is as follows:


                                                                                                    1 January 2019


         Right-of-use assets                                                                                   14,903
         Lease liabilities                                                                                     10,609



        As at 1 January 2019, the Group adjusted the disclosed unpaid minimum operating
        lease payments to the lease liabilities recognised in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases as
        following:


         Operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 December 2018                                          13,679


         Discounted payments using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate
           of at the date of initial application                                                               10,877


         Add: adjustments as a result of a different treatment of extension
           and termination options                                                                                      1
         Less: short-term leases recognised on a straight-line basis as expense                                      (239)
         Less: low-value leases recognised on a straight-line basis as expense                                        (30)


         Lease liabilities recognised as at 1 January 2019                                                     10,609
290   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.5 Consolidation

            (1)   Basis of consolidation

                  The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Bank
                  and its subsidiaries as well as structured entities controlled by the Group. The Group
                  controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns
                  from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through
                  its power over the entity.


                  Income and expense of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are
                  included in the consolidated income statement from the date of acquisition or up to
                  the date on which control ceases, respectively.


                  Adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries, where appropriate,
                  to consistently reflect the accounting policies of the Group.


                  All intra-group transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions are
                  eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                  evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset.


                  Non-controlling interests of consolidated subsidiaries are presented separately from
                  the controlling party’s equity therein.


                  The carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the amount of those interests at
                  initial recognition plus the non-controlling interests’ share of subsequent changes in
                  equity. Further, total comprehensive income of a subsidiary is attributed, based on the
                  proportion of their respective holdings, to the equity holders of the Bank and to the
                  non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
                  deficit balance.


                  In the Bank’s statement of financial position, its investments in subsidiaries are stated
                  at cost, less impairment losses, if any.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2019   291




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.5 Consolidation (continued)

        (2)   Business combinations

              Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The
              consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which
              is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair value of the assets transferred
              by the Group, liabilities incurred or assumed by the Group, and any equity interests
              issued by the Group. Acquisition related costs are recognized in the consolidated
              income statement as incurred.


              At the acquisition date, irrespective of non-controlling interests, the identifiable assets
              acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed are recognized at their fair
              values; except that deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to
              employee benefit arrangements are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS
              12 — Income Taxes and IAS 19 — Employee Benefits, respectively.


              Goodwill is measured as the excess of the difference between (i) the consideration
              transferred, the fair value of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the
              fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) and (ii)
              the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities and contingent
              liabilities incurred or assumed.


              Non-controlling interests that represent ownership interests in the acquiree, and
              entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event
              of liquidation are accounted for at either fair value or the non-controlling interests’
              proportionate share in the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net
              assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction by transaction
              basis.
292   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.5 Consolidation (continued)

            (3)   Goodwill

                  Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition less the fair value of the
                  Group’s share of the net identifiable assets of acquired subsidiaries and associates
                  at the date of acquisition. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is presented
                  separately in the consolidated statement of financial position. Goodwill on acquisition
                  of associates is included in investment in associates.


                  For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s
                  cash-generating units (“CGU”) or groups of CGUs that is expected to benefit from the
                  synergies of the business combination.


                  A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are
                  largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.


                  A CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually
                  or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. If the
                  recoverable amount of the CGU, which is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and
                  value in use, is less than its carrying amount, the deficit, reflecting an impairment loss,
                  is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU
                  and then to the other assets of the CGU on a pro-rata basis, based on the carrying
                  amount of each asset in the CGU. Any goodwill impairment loss is recognized directly
                  in the consolidated income statement. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is
                  not reversed in subsequent periods.


            (4)   Investment in associate

                  An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence and that is
                  neither a subsidiary nor an interest in a joint venture. Significant influence is the power
                  to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but does
                  not constitute control or joint control over those policy decisions.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   293




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.5 Consolidation (continued)

        (4)   Investment in associate (continued)

              The post-acquisition profit or loss of an associate is incorporated in the consolidated
              financial statements using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method,
              investment in an associate is initially recognized at cost and adjusted thereafter to
              recognize the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of
              the associate. When the Group’s share of loss of an associate equals or exceeds its
              interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance,
              form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues
              recognizing its share of further loss. Additional loss is recognized only to the extent
              that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on
              behalf of that associate.


              At the end of each reporting period, the Group considers whether there are
              circumstances that indicate the possibility of impairment of the Group’s investment
              in an associate; when that is the case, the entire carrying amount of the investment
              (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 — Impairment
              of Assets, as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (the higher of fair
              value less costs to sell and value in use) with its carrying amount, any impairment
              loss recognized forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of
              an impairment loss is recognized, to the extent that the recoverable amount of the
              investment subsequently increases.


              When an entity in the Group transacts with the Group’s associate, profits and losses
              resulting from the transaction are recognized in the Group’s consolidated financial
              statements only to the extent of the interest in the associate that are not related to the
              Group. Unrealized losses are eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of
              an impairment of the asset transferred.
294   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.6 Interest income and expenses

            Interest income and expenses of financial instruments are calculated using the effective
            interest method and included in the current profit and loss.


            The Group uses the effective interest method to calculate the interest income and
            expenses of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost, presented as
            “interest income” and “interest expenses” respectively. For specific accounting policies,
            please refer to the Note 2.11(4) subsequent measurement of financial instruments.


      2.7 Fee and commission income

            Fee and commission income is recognized when the Group fulfils its performance
            obligation, either over time or at a point in time when a customer obtains control of the
            service.


            For the performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, the Group recognizes revenue
            when control is passed to the customer at a certain point in time, including insurance
            agency fee, merchant acquiring service fee, settlement and clearing services and bond
            underwriting fee, etc. For the performance obligations satisfied over time, the Group
            recognizes revenue according to the progress toward satisfaction of the obligation over
            the time, including consultancy and advisory fee and custodial fee, etc.


      2.8 Foreign currency translations

            The functional currency of the Domestic Operations is RMB. The presentation currency of
            the Group and the Bank is RMB.


            In preparing the financial statements of each individual Group entity, transactions in
            currencies other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are
            recorded in the respective functional currency (i.e. the currency of the primary economic
            environment in which the entity operates) at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates
            of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in
            foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items
            carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates
            prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are
            measured at historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019   295




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.8 Foreign currency translations (continued)

        Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation
        of monetary items, are recognized in the consolidated income statement in the period in
        which they arise, except for the following:


        (1)   Exchange differences arising on a monetary item that forms part of the Bank’s net
              investment in the Overseas Operations;


        (2)   Changes in the fair value of monetary assets denominated in foreign currency
              classified as financial investments at fair value through comprehensive income
              are analyzed between translation differences resulting from changes in the
              amortized cost of the monetary assets and other changes in the carrying amount.
              Translation differences related to changes in the amortized cost are recognized in
              the consolidated income statement, and other changes in the carrying amount are
              recognized in other comprehensive income.


        Exchange differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items carried at
        fair value are included in the consolidated income statement for the period except for
        exchange differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items in respect of
        which gains and losses are recognized directly in other comprehensive income, in which
        cases, the exchange differences are also recognized directly in other comprehensive
        income.


        For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and
        liabilities of the Group’s Overseas Operations are translated into the presentation currency
        of the Group at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of the reporting period, and their
        income and expenses are translated at exchange rates at the date of the transactions,
        or a rate that approximates the exchange rates of the date of the transaction. Exchange
        differences arising, if any, are recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated
        in equity under the foreign currency translation reserve and non-controlling interests, as
        appropriate. The accumulated foreign currency translation reserve related to the Overseas
        Operations will be reclassified from equity to the consolidated income statement on
        disposal of all or part of the Overseas Operations.
296   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.9 Income tax

            Current income tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the period, using
            tax rates enacted or substantially enacted at the end of each reporting period, and any
            adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods.


            Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences
            respectively, being the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
            for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax also arises from unused
            tax losses and unused tax credits. A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is
            probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised.


            At the end of each reporting period, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are
            measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is
            realised or the liability is settled according to the requirements of tax laws. The Group
            also considers the possibility of realisation and the settlement of deferred tax assets and
            deferred tax liabilities in the calculation.


            Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against
            deferred tax liabilities if the Group has the legally enforceable right to offset current tax
            assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to
            income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on the same taxable entity. Otherwise,
            the balances of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, and movements therein, are
            presented separately from each other and are not offset.


            Current income tax and movements in deferred tax balances are recognised in profit or
            loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income
            or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are recognised in other
            comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019   297




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.10 Employee benefits

        (1)   Short-term employee benefits

              In the reporting period in which an employee has rendered services, the Group
              recognises the short-term employee benefits payable for those services as a liability
              with a corresponding increase in the expenses in the consolidated statement of
              profit or loss. Short-term employee benefits include salaries, bonuses, allowance,
              staff welfare, medical insurance, employment injury insurance, maternity insurance,
              housing funds as well as labour union fee and staff and workers’ education fee.


        (2)   Post-employment benefits-defined contribution plans

              The Group’s post-employment benefits are primarily the payments for basic pension
              fund and unemployment insurance related to government mandated social welfare
              programs, as well as the annuity scheme established. All these post-employment
              benefits are defined contribution plans, under which, the Group makes fixed
              contributions into a separate fund and will have no legal or constructive obligation
              to make further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all
              employee benefits relating to employee services in the current and prior periods.


              Contributions to the post-employment benefits plans are recognised in the
              consolidated statement of profit or loss for the period in which the related payment
              obligation is incurred.


    2.11 Financial instruments

        (1)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments

              Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when the Group becomes a
              party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.


              Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date,
              the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.
298   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

            (1)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments
                  (continued)

                  At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset or financial liability at its fair
                  value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset or financial liability not at fair value
                  through profit or loss, transaction costs that are incremental and directly attributable
                  to the acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial liability. Transaction costs
                  of financial assets and financial liabilities carried at fair value through profit or loss are
                  expensed in profit or loss.


                  (a)    Financial assets

                         Financial assets are classified in the following measurement categories based
                         on the Group’s business model for managing the asset and the cash flow
                         characteristics of the assets:


                         •     Amortized cost (“AC”);


                         •     Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”); or


                         •     Fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”).


                         The business model reflects how the Group manages the assets in order to
                         generate cash flows. That is, whether the Group’s objective is solely to collect
                         the contractual cash flows from the assets or is to collect both the contractual
                         cash flows and cash flows arising from the sale of assets. If neither of these
                         is applicable (e.g. financial assets are held for trading purposes), then the
                         financial assets are classified as part of “other” business model and measured
                         at FVPL. Factors considered by the Group in determining the business model
                         for a group of assets include past experience on how the cash flows for these
                         assets were collected, how the asset’s performance is evaluated and reported
                         to key management personnel, how risks are assessed and managed and how
                         managers are compensated.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2019   299




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

        (1)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments
              (continued)

              (a)   Financial assets (continued)

                    Where the business model is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows
                    or to collect contractual cash flows and sell, the Group assesses whether the
                    financial instruments’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and
                    interest (“SPPI”). In making this assessment, the Group considers whether the
                    contractual cash flows are consistent with a basic lending arrangement i.e.
                    interest includes only consideration for the time value of money, credit risk, other
                    basic leading risks and a profit margin that is consistent with a basic lending
                    arrangement. Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility
                    that are inconsistent with a basic leading arrangement, the related financial asset
                    is classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


                    Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when
                    determining whether their cash flows are SPPI.


                    The classification requirements for debt instruments and equity instruments are
                    described as below:


                    Debt Instruments
                    Debt instruments are those instruments that meet the definition of a financial
                    liability from the issuer’s perspective, such as loans, government and corporate
                    bonds. Classification and measurement of debt instruments depend on
                    the Group’s business models for managing the asset and the cash flow
                    characteristics of asset.
300   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

            (1)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments
                  (continued)

                  (a)    Financial assets (continued)

                         Debt Instruments (continued)
                         Based on these factors, the Group classifies its debt instruments into one of the
                         following three measurement categories:


                         •     AC: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where
                               those cash flows represent SPPI, and that are not designated at FVPL, are
                               measured at amortized cost.


                         •     FVOCI: Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows
                               and for selling the assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent SPPI, and
                               that are not designated at FVPL, are measured at FVOCI.


                         •     FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortized cost or FVOCI are
                               measured at FVPL.


                         The Group may also irrevocably designate financial assets at FVPL if doing so
                         significantly reduces or eliminates a mismatch created by assets and liabilities
                         being measured on different bases.


                         Equity instruments
                         Equity instruments are instruments that meet the definition of equity from the
                         issuer’s perspective; that is, instruments that do not contain a contractual
                         obligation to pay and that evidence a residual interest in the issuer’s net assets.
                         Examples of equity instruments include basic ordinary shares.


                         The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at FVPL, except
                         where the Group’s management has elected, at initial recognition, to irrevocably
                         designate an equity investment at FVOCI.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2019   301




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                          (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

        (1)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments
              (continued)

              (b)   Financial liabilities

                    The Group’s financial liabilities are classified into financial liabilities at FVPL and
                    other financial liabilities carried at amortized cost on initial recognition. Financial
                    liabilities at FVPL is applied to derivatives, financial liabilities held for trading and
                    financial liabilities designated as such at initial recognition.


                    The Group may, at initial recognition, irrevocably designate a financial liability
                    as measured at fair value through profit or loss when doing so results in more
                    relevant information, because either:


                    •    it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition
                         inconsistency that would otherwise arise; or


                    •    a group of financial liabilities or financial assets and financial liabilities
                         is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in
                         accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy,
                         and information about the Group is provided internally on that basis to the
                         entity’s key management personnel.


                    •    The financial liability contains one or more embedded derivatives which
                         significantly modify the cash flows otherwise required.


                    Financial liabilities arising from the transfer of financial assets which did not
                    qualify for derecognition, whereby a financial liability is recognized for the
                    consideration received for the transfer. In subsequent periods, the Group
                    recognizes any expenses incurred on the financial liability.
302   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

            (2)   Reclassification of financial assets

                  When the Group changes the business model for managing its financial assets, it
                  shall reclassify all affected financial assets, and apply the reclassification prospectively
                  from the reclassification date. The Group does not restate any previously recognized
                  gains, losses (including impairment gains or losses) or interest. Reclassification date is
                  the first day of the first reporting period following the change in business model that
                  results in the Group reclassifying financial assets.


            (3)   Determination of fair value

                  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
                  liability in an orderly transaction in the principal (or most advantageous) market at
                  the measurement date under current market conditions (i.e. an exit price) regardless
                  of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation
                  technique.


                  For financial instruments traded in active markets, the determination of fair values of
                  financial assets and financial liabilities is based on quoted market prices. This includes
                  listed equity securities and quoted debt instruments on major exchanges.


                  A financial instrument is regarded as quoted in an active market if quoted prices are
                  readily and regularly available from an exchange, industry group, pricing service or
                  regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
                  transactions on an arm’s length basis. If the above criteria are not met, the market is
                  regarded as being inactive. Indications that a market is inactive are when there is a
                  wide bid-offer spread or significant increase in the bid-offer spread or there are few
                  recent transactions.


                  For financial instruments not traded in active markets, fair value is determined using
                  appropriate valuation techniques. Valuation techniques include the use of recent
                  transaction prices, discounted cash flow analysis, option pricing models and others
                  commonly used by market participants. These valuation techniques include the use of
                  observable and/or unobservable inputs.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2019   303




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

        (4)   Subsequent measurement of financial instruments

              Subsequent measurement of financial instruments depends on the categories:


              (a)   Amortized cost

                    The amortized cost is the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability
                    is measured at initial recognition: (i) minus the principal repayments; (ii) plus or
                    minus the cumulative amortization using the effective interest method of any
                    difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount; (iii) for financial
                    assets, adjusted for any loss allowance.


                    Interest income and interest expenses from these financial assets is included
                    in “Interest income” and “interest expenses” using the effective interest rate
                    method.


                    The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash
                    payments or receipts through the expected life of the financial asset or financial
                    liability to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset (i.e. its amortized cost
                    before any impairment allowance) or to the amortized cost of a financial liability.
                    The calculation does not consider expected credit losses (“ECL”) and includes
                    transaction costs, premiums or discounts and fees and points paid or received
                    that are integral to the effective interest rate. For purchased or originated credit-
                    impaired (“POCI”) financial assets (definition on Note 10.2(3)(c)), the Group
                    calculates the credit-adjusted effective interest rate, which is calculated based
                    on the amortized cost of the financial asset instead of its gross carrying amount
                    and incorporates the impact of expected credit losses in estimated future cash
                    flows.


                    Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
                    carrying amount of financial assets and is included in “Interest income”, except
                    for:


                    •    POCI financial assets, whose interest income is calculated, since initial
                         recognition, by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to their
                         amortized cost; and
304   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

            (4)   Subsequent measurement of financial instruments (continued)

                  (a)    Amortized cost (continued)

                         •     financial assets that are not POCI but have subsequently become credit-
                               impaired, whose interest income is calculated by applying the effective
                               interest rate to their amortized cost (i.e. net of the expected credit loss
                               provision). If, in a subsequent period, the financial assets improve their
                               qualities so that they are no longer credit-impaired and the improvement
                               in credit quality is related objectively to a certain event occurring after
                               the application of the above-mentioned rules, then the interest income
                               is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to their gross carrying
                               amount.


                  (b)    Fair value through other comprehensive income

                         Debt instruments
                         Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive
                         income (“OCI”), except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses,
                         interest revenue and foreign exchange gains and losses on the instrument’s
                         amortized cost which are recognized in profit or loss. When the financial asset
                         is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI is
                         reclassified from equity to profit or loss. Interest income from these financial
                         assets is included in “Interest income” using the effective interest rate method.


                         Equity instruments
                         The equity instrument investments that are not held for trading are designated as
                         FVOCI. When this election is used, fair value gains and losses are recognized in
                         OCI and are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss, including on disposal.
                         Dividends, when representing a return on such investments, continue to be
                         recognized in profit or loss as investment income when the Group’s right to
                         receive payments is established.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2019   305




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                          (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

        (4)   Subsequent measurement of financial instruments (continued)

              (c)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are stated at fair value and
                    a gain or loss on a financial assets that is measured at fair value should be
                    recognised in profit or loss.


              (d)   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

                    Financial liabilities at FVPL are measured at fair value with all gains or losses
                    recognized in the profit or loss of the current period, except for financial liabilities
                    designated as at fair value through profit or loss, where gains or losses on the
                    financial liabilities are treated as follows:


                    •    changes in fair value of such financial liabilities due to changes in the
                         Group’s own credit risk are recognized in other comprehensive income; and


                    •    other changes in fair value of such financial liabilities are recognized in profit
                         or loss of the current period. If the accounting of changes in the credit
                         risk of the financial liabilities in accordance with (i) will create or enlarge
                         accounting mismatches in profit or loss, the Group recognizes all gains or
                         losses on such financial liabilities (including amounts arising from changes in
                         its own credit risk) in the profit or loss of the current period.


                    When the liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss is
                    derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in other
                    comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to retained earnings.


        (5)   Impairment of financial instruments

              The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the ECL associated with its debt
              instrument assets carried at amortized cost and FVOCI and exposures arising from
              some loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts.
306   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

            (5)   Impairment of financial instruments (continued)

                  ECL is the weighted average of credit losses with the respective risks of a default
                  occurring as the weights. Credit loss is the difference between all contractual cash
                  flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash
                  flows that the Group expects to receive, which are all cash shortfalls, discounted at
                  the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective interest rate for POCI
                  financial assets).


                  The Group measures ECL of a financial instrument reflects:


                  (a)    An unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a
                         range of possible outcomes;


                  (b)    The time value of money; and


                  (c)    Reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or
                         effort at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of
                         future economic conditions.


                  For financial instruments whose impairment losses are measured using the ECL
                  models, the Group assesses whether their credit risk has increased significantly since
                  their initial recognition, and applies a three-stage impairment model to calculate their
                  impairment allowance and recognize their ECL, as follows:


                  •      Stage 1: If the credit risk has not increased significantly since its initial
                         recognition, the financial asset is included in stage 1.


                  •      Stage 2: If the credit risk has increased significantly since its initial recognition
                         but is not yet deemed to be credit-impaired, the financial instrument is moved
                         to Stage 2. The description of how the Group determines when a significant
                         increase in credit risk has occurred is disclosed in Note 10.2(3)(b).
                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   307




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

        (5)   Impairment of financial instruments (continued)

              •    Stage 3: If the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument
                   is then moved to Stage 3. The definition of credit-impaired financial assets is
                   disclosed in Note 10.2(3)(c).


              Financial instruments in Stage I have their ECL measured at an amount equivalent
              to the ECL of the financial asset for the next 12 months (“12m ECL”). Financial
              instruments in Stage II or Stage III have their ECL measured at an amount equivalent
              to the ECL over the lifetime of the financial instruments (“Lifetime ECL”). The
              description of inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques used in measuring the
              ECL is disclosed in Note 10.2(3)(d) and 10.2(3)(e).


              The Group applies the impairment requirements for the recognition and measurement
              of a loss allowance for debt instruments that are measured at FVOCI. The loss
              allowance is recognized in other comprehensive income and the impairment loss
              is recognized in profit or loss, and it should not reduce the carrying amount of the
              financial asset in the statement of financial position.


              If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument other than
              POCI at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses in the previous reporting
              period, but determines at the current reporting date that the credit risk on the financial
              instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition is no longer met, the
              Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit
              losses at the current reporting date and the amount of expected credit losses reversal
              is recognized in profit or loss. For POCI financial assets, at the reporting date, the
              Group only recognizes the cumulative changes in lifetime expected credit losses since
              initial recognition.
308   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

            (6)   Modification of loans

                  The Group sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual cash flows
                  of loans to customers. When this happens, the Group assesses whether the new
                  terms are substantially different to the original terms.


                  If the terms are substantially different, the Group derecognizes the original financial
                  asset and recognizes a new asset at fair value and recalculates a new effective
                  interest rate for the asset. The date of renegotiation is consequently considered to
                  be the date of initial recognition for impairment calculation purposes, including for
                  the purpose of determining whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred.
                  However, the Group also assesses whether the new financial asset recognized is
                  deemed to be credit-impaired at initial recognition, especially in circumstances where
                  the renegotiation was driven by the debtor being unable to make the originally agreed
                  payments. Differences in the carrying amount are also recognized in profit or loss as a
                  gain or loss on derecognition.


                  If the terms are not substantially different, the renegotiation or modification does not
                  result in derecognition, and the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount based
                  on the revised cash flows of the financial asset and recognizes a modification gain or
                  loss in profit or loss. The new gross carrying amount is recalculated by discounting
                  the modified cash flows at the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted
                  effective interest rate for POCI financial assets).


            (7)   Derecognition

                  The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash
                  flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially
                  all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group
                  neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
                  and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group continues to recognize
                  the asset to the extent of its continuing involvement and recognizes an associated
                  liability. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a
                  transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognize the financial asset and
                  also recognizes a collateralized borrowing for the proceeds received.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2019   309




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

        (7)   Derecognition (continued)

              On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the
              asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable
              and, where applicable, the cumulative gain or loss that had been recognized in other
              comprehensive income and accumulated in equity is recognized in the consolidated
              income statement.


              Financial liabilities are derecognized when the related obligation is discharged, is
              cancelled or expires. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
              liability derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in the
              consolidated income statement.


        (8)   Derivative financial instruments

              Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value at the date a derivative contract is
              entered into and are subsequently re-measured at their fair value at the end of the
              reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated income
              statement.


              Certain derivatives are embedded in hybrid contracts, such as the conversion
              option in a convertible bond. If the hybrid contract contains a host that is a financial
              asset, then the Group assesses the entire contract as described in the financial
              assets section above for classification and measurement purposes. Otherwise, the
              embedded derivatives are treated as separate derivatives when:


              (a)   Their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the
                    host contract;


              (b)   A separate instrument with the same terms would meet the definition of a
                    derivative; and


              (c)   The hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss.


              These embedded derivatives are separately accounted for at fair value, with changes
              in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or loss unless the Group chooses to
              designate the hybrid contracts at fair value through profit or loss.
310   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

            (9)   Hedge accounting

                  The Group use cash flow hedge accounting and fair value hedge accounting. The
                  Group documents, at inception, the relationship between hedging instruments and
                  hedged items, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking
                  various hedge transactions. The Group also documents its assessment, both at
                  hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that are used in
                  hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash
                  flows of hedged items. These criteria should be met before a hedge can be qualified
                  to be accounted for under hedge accounting.


                  (a)    Cash flow hedge

                         Cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in cash flows that is
                         attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability
                         (such as all or some future interest payments on variable rate debt) or a highly
                         probable forecast transaction that could ultimately affect the profit or loss.


                         The effective portion of changes in the fair value of hedging instruments
                         that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other
                         comprehensive income and accumulated in equity in the “other comprehensive
                         income”. The ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the profit or loss.
                         Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to the profit or loss in the same
                         periods when the hedged item affects the profit or loss.


                         When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or the hedge designation is
                         revoked or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting,
                         any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument existing in equity at that
                         time remains in equity and is reclassified to the profit or loss when the forecast
                         transaction ultimately occurs. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected
                         to occur, the cumulative gain or loss existing in equity is immediately transferred
                         to the profit or loss.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2019   311




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

        (9)   Hedge accounting (continued)

              (b)   Fair value hedge

                    Fair value hedge is a hedge of the exposure to changes in fair value of a
                    recognised asset or liability or an unrecognised firm commitment, or an identified
                    portion of such an asset, liability or firm commitment, that is attributable to a
                    particular risk and could affect profit or loss.


                    The changes in fair value of hedging instruments that are designated and qualify
                    as fair value hedges are recorded in profit or loss, together with the changes in
                    fair value of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk. The net difference is
                    recognised as ineffectiveness in the profit or loss.


                    If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the adjustment
                    to the carrying amount of a hedged item for which the effective interest method
                    is used is amortised to profit or loss over the period to maturity. If the hedged
                    item is de-recognised, the unamortised carrying value adjustment is recognised
                    immediately in the profit or loss.


        (10) Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities

              Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the
              consolidated statement of financial position when both of the following conditions
              are satisfied: (i) the Group has a legal right to set off the recognized amounts and the
              legal right is currently enforceable; and (ii) the Group intends either to settle on a net
              basis, or to realize the financial asset and settle the financial liability simultaneously.
              The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be
              enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
              bankruptcy of the Group or the counterparty.
312   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.11 Financial instruments (continued)

            (11) Repurchase agreements and agreements to resell

                  Financial assets transferred as collateral in connection with repurchase agreements,
                  involving fixed repurchase dates and prices, are not derecognized. They continue to
                  be recorded as investments or debt instruments as appropriate. The corresponding
                  liability is included in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements. The items
                  which are not derecognized are disclosed in Note 6.3 Contingent Liabilities and
                  Commitments — Collateral.


                  Consideration paid for financial assets held under agreements to resell are recorded
                  as Financial assets held under resale agreements, the related collateral accepted
                  is not recognized in the consolidated financial statements (Note 6.3 Contingent
                  Liabilities and Commitments — Collateral).


                  The difference between the purchase and sale price is recognized as interest expense
                  or income in the consolidated income statement over the term of the agreements
                  using the effective interest method.


      2.12 Precious Metals

            Precious metals comprise gold, silver and other precious metals.


            Precious metals that are not related to the Group’s trading activities are initially measured
            at acquisition cost and subsequently measured at the lower of cost and net realizable
            value. Precious metals that are related to the Group’s trading activities are initially
            recognized at fair value, with changes in fair value arising from re-measurement recognized
            directly in the consolidated income statement in the period in which they arise.


      2.13 Property and equipment

            Property and equipment including buildings held for use in the supply of services, or for
            administrative purpose (other than construction in progress) are stated in the consolidated
            statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
            accumulated impairment losses, if any. When the costs attributable to the land use rights
            cannot be reliably measured and separated from that of the building at inception, the costs
            are included in the cost of buildings and recorded in property and equipment.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   313




                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.13 Property and equipment (continued)

        Subsequent expenditure incurred for the property and equipment (other than construction
        in progress) is included in the cost of the property and equipment (other than construction
        in progress) if it is probable that economic benefits associated with the asset will flow to
        the Group and the subsequent expenditure can be measured, and the carrying amount
        of the replaced part is derecognized. Other subsequent expenditure is recognized in the
        consolidated income statement in the period in which they are incurred.


        Depreciation is recognized as a component of operating expenses in the consolidated
        income statement so as to recognize the consumption of the economic value of property
        and equipment (other than construction in progress), less their estimated residual values,
        over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives,
        residual values and depreciation rates are reviewed at the end of each reporting period,
        with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.


        The useful lives, estimated residual value rates and annual depreciation rates of each class
        of property and equipment are as follows:


                                                                                                        Annual
                                                     Estimated         Estimated net             depreciation
                                                   useful lives        residual value                     rates


         Buildings                                  5–30 years                      5%        3.17%–19.00%
         Office equipment and others                5–20 years                      5%        4.75%–19.00%
         Motor Vehicles                                5 years                      5%                 19.00%
         Operating lease fixed assets               5–30 years                  5–15%         2.83%–19.00%



        Properties in the course of construction for supply of services or administrative purposes
        are carried at cost, as construction in progress, less any impairment loss. Construction
        in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property and equipment when
        completed and ready for intended use. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as
        other property and equipment, commences when the assets are ready for their intended
        use.
314   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.13 Property and equipment (continued)

            An item of property and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future
            economic benefits are expected to arise from its continued use. Any gain or loss arising
            on the disposal or retirement of an item of property and equipment is determined as
            the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is
            recognized in other operating income or operating expenses in the consolidated income
            statement. The accounting policies of impairment of property and equipment are included
            in Note 2.20 Impairment of Tangible and Intangible Assets other than Goodwill.


      2.14 Land use rights

            Land use rights are classified in Right-of-Use assets and amortized over a straight-line
            basis over their authorized useful lives.


      2.15 Foreclosed assets

            Foreclosed assets are initially recognized at fair value and subsequently measured at the
            lower of their carrying amount and fair value, less costs to sell, at the end of each reporting
            period. When the fair value, less costs to sell, is lower than a foreclosed asset’s carrying
            amount, an impairment loss is recognized in the consolidated income statement.


            Any gain or loss arising on the disposal of the foreclosed asset is included in the
            consolidated income statement in the period in which the item is disposed.


            The Group disposes of foreclosed assets through various means. In principle, foreclosed
            assets should not be transferred for own use, but, in the event that they are needed for the
            Group’s own business or management purposes, they are transferred at their net carrying
            amounts and managed as newly acquired property and equipment.


      2.16 Investment property

            Investment property is property held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation, or
            both.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   315




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.16 Investment property (continued)

        Investment property is initially measured at its acquisition cost. Subsequent expenditure
        incurred for the investment property is included in the cost of the investment property if
        it is probable that economic benefits associated with the asset will flow to the Group and
        the subsequent expenditure can be measured reliably. Other subsequent expenditure is
        recognized in the consolidated income statement in the period in which they are incurred.


        Investment properties are measured using the cost model. Depreciation and amortization
        is recognized the same way as property and equipment and land use rights.


        The accounting policies of impairment of investment property are included in Note 2.20
        Impairment of Tangible and Intangible Assets other than Goodwill.


        Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the investment
        property is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, to the extent that
        the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount had no impairment
        loss been recognized. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized in the consolidated
        income statement.


        When an investment property is sold, transferred, retired or damaged, the Group
        recognizes the amount of any proceeds on disposal, net of the carrying amount and
        related expenses, in the consolidated income statement.


    2.17 Leases

        (1)   Identifying a lease

              A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use
              of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.


        (2)   Lessee

              At the commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease
              liability.
316   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.17 Leases (continued)

            (2)   Lessee (continued)

                  The Group measures the right-of-use asset at cost. The cost of the right-of-use asset
                  comprises:


                  —      The amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;


                  —      Any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease
                         incentives received;


                  —      Any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee;


                  —      An estimate of costs to be incurred in dismantling and removing the underlying
                         asset, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to
                         the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.


                  The Group measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments
                  that are not paid at that date. The lease payments include in the measurement of the
                  lease liability comprise the following payments for the right to use the underlying asset
                  during the lease term that are not paid at the commencement date:


                  —      Fixed payments, less any lease incentives receivable;


                  —      Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured
                         using the index or rate as at the commencement date;


                  —      Amounts expected to be payable under residual value guarantees;


                  —      The exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to
                         exercise that option;


                  —      Payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the
                         Group exercising an option to terminate the lease.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   317




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.17 Leases (continued)

        (3)   Recognition exemptions

              The Group elects not to apply the requirements above to:


              —     Short-term leases;


              —     Lease for which the underlying asset is of low value.


              The Group recognises the lease payments associated with those leases as an
              expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


        (4)   Lessor



              A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and
              rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset. An operating lease is a lease
              other than a finance lease.


              (a)   Operating leases

                    The Group recognises lease payments from operating leases as income on a
                    straight-line basis, and recognises costs, including depreciation, incurred in
                    earning the lease income as an expense. The Group adds initial direct costs
                    incurred in obtaining an operating lease to the carrying amount of the underlying
                    asset and recognise those costs as an expense over the lease term on the same
                    basis as the lease income.


              (b)   Finance leases

                    At the commencement date, the Group recognises assets held under a finance
                    lease in its statement of financial position and presents them as a receivable at
                    an amount equal to the net investment in the lease.


        (5)   For accounting policies applied before 1 January 2019 of lease activities, please refer to
              the accounting policies section of the Group’s 2018 annual report.
318   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.18 Cash and cash equivalents

            Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and on hand, unrestricted balances held
            with central banks and highly liquid financial assets with maturities of three months or less
            from the acquisition date that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in their fair
            value.


      2.19 Intangible assets

            Intangible assets acquired separately and with finite useful lives are carried at cost
            less accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment loss. Amortization for
            intangible assets with finite useful lives is recognized on a straight-line basis over their
            estimated useful lives which generally range from 5 to 20 years.


            Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but are subject to annual
            impairment assessment.


            Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the
            difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and
            are recognized in the consolidated income statement.


      2.20 Impairment of tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill

            At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible
            and intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have
            suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
            asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The
            recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in
            use.


            If the recoverable amount of an asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the
            carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is
            recognized in the consolidated income statement.


            Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset
            is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, to the extent that the
            increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount had no impairment
            loss been recognized. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized in the consolidated
            income statement.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019   319




                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.21 Dividend distribution

        Dividend distribution to the Bank’s ordinary equity holders is recognized as a liability in
        the Group’s and the Bank’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are
        approved by the ordinary equity holders in the annual general meeting of the Bank.


        As authorized by the ordinary equity holders in the annual general meeting, the Board of
        Directors has the sole discretion to declare and distribute dividends on preference shares
        and perpetual bonds. Preference shares and perpetual bonds dividend distribution is
        recognized as a liability in the Group’s and the Bank’s financial statements in the period in
        which the dividends are approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank.


    2.22 Provisions

        Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation as a result of a past
        event, and it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation and a
        reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.


        Provisions are measured at the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
        present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and
        uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash
        flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of
        those cash flows.


    2.23 Fiduciary activities

        The Group acts as a custodian, trustee and in other fiduciary capacities to safeguard
        assets for customers in accordance with custody agreements between the Group and
        securities investment funds, social security funds, insurance companies, trust companies,
        qualified foreign institutional investors, annuity schemes and other institutions and
        individuals. The Group receives fees in return for its services provided under the custody
        agreements and does not have any interest in the economic risks and rewards related to
        assets under custody. Therefore, assets under custody are not recognized in the Group’s
        consolidated statement of financial position.
320   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.23 Fiduciary activities (continued)

            The Group conducts entrusted lending arrangements for its customers. Under the terms
            of entrusted loan arrangements, the Group grants loans to borrowers, as an intermediary,
            according to the instruction of its customers who are the lenders providing funds for
            the entrusted loans. The Group is responsible for the arrangement and collection of the
            entrusted loans and receives a commission for the services rendered. As the Group does
            not assume the economic risks and rewards of the entrusted loans and the funding for
            the corresponding entrusted funds, they are not recognized as assets and liabilities of the
            Group.


      2.24 Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments

            A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified
            payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to
            make payment when due, in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.


            Financial guarantees are initially recognized at fair value on the date the guarantee was
            given. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group’s liabilities under such guarantees are
            measured at the higher of the initial amount, less amortization of guarantee fees, and the
            expected credit loss provision required to settle the guarantee. Any increase in the liability
            relating to guarantees is taken to the consolidated income statement.


            The impairment allowance of loan commitments provided by the Group is measured using
            ECL models. The Group has not provided any commitment to provide loans at a below-
            market interest rate, or that can be settled net in cash or by delivering or issuing another
            financial instrument.


            For loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts, the loss allowance is recognized
            as a provision. However, for contracts that include both a loan and an undrawn
            commitment and the Group cannot separately identify the expected credit losses on the
            undrawn commitment component from those on the loan component, the expected credit
            losses on the undrawn commitment are recognized together with the loss allowance
            for the loan. To the extent that the combined expected credit losses exceed the gross
            carrying amount of the loan, the expected credit losses are recognized as a provision.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   321




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2   Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

    2.25 Contingent liabilities

        A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose
        existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more
        uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group. It can also be a present
        obligation arising from past events that is not recognized because it is not probable that
        an outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation cannot be
        measured reliably.


        A contingent liability is not recognized, but disclosed, unless the possibility of an outflow of
        resources embodying economic benefits is probable. The Group’s contingent liabilities are
        disclosed in Note 6 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments.


        A provision is recognized when it meets the criteria as set forth in Note 5.28 Provisions.


    2.26 Related parties

        (1)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that
              person:


              a    has control or joint control over the Group;


              b    has significant influence over the Group; or


              c    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group.


        (2)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:


              a    The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that
                   each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);


              b    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or
                   joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member);
322   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

2     Summary of key accounting policies (continued)

      2.26 Related parties (continued)

            (2)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies: (continued)


                  c      Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;


                  d      One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of
                         the third entity;


                  e      The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i);


                  f      A person identified in (i)(a) has significant influence over the entity or is a member
                         of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


                  Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be
                  expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the
                  entity.


      2.27 Operating segment

            The Group determines its operating segments on the basis of its internal organisational
            structure, management requirements and internal reporting practices.


            An operating segment is a component of the Group that meets all the following
            requirements: (i) it engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and
            incur expenses, including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other
            components of the Group; (ii) its operating results are regularly reviewed by the Group’s
            chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the
            segment and assess its performance; and (iii) separate financial information is available.
            The operating segments that meet the specified criteria have been aggregated, and the
            operating segment that meets quantitative thresholds have been reported separately.


            The reports on an operating segment are consistent with those internal reports submitted
            to the chief operating decision maker.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019   323




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

3   Significant accounting estimates and judgements

    In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 2,
    management is required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the
    carrying amounts of assets and liabilities. The estimates and related assumptions are based
    on historical experience and other relevant factors including reasonable expectations for future
    events.


    The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
    accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised and in future
    periods as appropriate.


    The following are the critical judgments and key estimates management has made in the
    process of applying the Group’s accounting policies that have a significant risk of causing
    a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next twelve
    months.


    3.1 Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance

        The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets measured
        at amortized cost and FVOCI and for exposures arising from some loan commitments
        and financial guarantee contracts, is an area that requires the use of complex models
        and significant assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour (the
        likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting losses). Explanation of the inputs,
        assumptions and estimation techniques used in measuring ECL is further detailed in Note
        10.2 Credit risk.


    3.2 Classification of financial assets

        The critical judgments the Group has made in determining the classification of financial
        assets include analysis of business models and characteristics of contractual cash flows.


        The Group determines the business model for managing financial assets at the level of
        financial asset portfolio. The factors considered include how the asset’s performance
        is evaluated and reported to key management personnel, how risks are assessed and
        managed and how managers are compensated.
324   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

3     Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)

      3.2 Classification of financial assets (continued)

            When assessing whether the contractual cash flow of financial assets is consistent with
            the basic lending arrangement, the Group has the following main judgments: Whether
            the principal may be subject to change in the duration or amount of money due to
            prepayments during the duration; whether interests only included time value of money,
            credit risk, other basic borrowing risks, and considerations for costs and profits. For
            example, whether the amount paid in advance reflect only the outstanding principal
            and interest on the outstanding principal, as well as reasonable compensation for early
            termination of the contract.


      3.3 Fair value of financial instruments

            The Group uses valuation techniques to estimate the fair value of financial instruments
            which are not quoted in an active market. These valuation techniques include the use of
            recent transaction prices of the same or similar instruments, discounted cash flow analysis
            and generally accepted pricing models. To the extent practical, market observable inputs
            and data, such as interest rate yield curves, foreign currency rates and implied option
            volatilities, are used when estimating fair value through a valuation technique. Where
            market observable inputs are not available, they are estimated using assumptions that are
            calibrated as closely as possible to market observable data. However, areas such as the
            credit risk of the Group and the counterparty, liquidity, volatilities and correlations require
            management to make estimates. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect
            the estimated fair value of financial instruments.


      3.4 Taxes

            There are certain transactions and activities in the ordinary course of the Group’s business
            for which the ultimate tax effect is uncertain. The Group made certain estimation and
            judgement for items of uncertainty in the application of tax legislations, taking into account
            existing tax legislation and past practice of tax authorities. Where the final tax outcome
            of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially estimated, based on
            management’s assessment, such differences will affect the current income tax and
            deferred income tax during the period in which such a determination is made.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   325




                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

3   Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)

    3.5 Consolidation of structured entities

        Where the Group acts as asset manager of or investor in structured entities, the Group
        makes significant judgement on whether the Group controls and should consolidate these
        structured entities. When performing this assessment, the Group assesses the Group’s
        contractual rights and obligations in light of the transaction structures, and evaluates the
        Group’s power over the structured entities, performs analysis and tests on the variable
        returns from the structured entities, including but not limited to commission income and
        asset management fees earned as the asset manager, the retention of residual income,
        and, if any, the liquidity and other support provided to the structured entities. The Group
        also assesses whether it acts as a principal or an agent through analysis of the scope
        of its decision-making authority over the structured entities, the remuneration to which it
        is entitled for asset management services, the Group’s exposure to variability of returns
        from its other interests in the structured entities, and the rights held by other parties in the
        structured entities.


    3.6 Derecognition of financial assets transferred

        In its normal course of business, the Group transfers its financial assets through various
        types of transactions including regular way sales and transfers, securitization, financial
        assets sold under repurchase agreements, securities lending. The Group applies
        significant judgement in assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets which
        qualify for a full or partial derecognition.


        Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transfers financial assets
        to structured entities, the Group analyses whether the substance of the relationship
        between the Group and these structured entities indicates that it controls these structured
        entities to determine whether the Group needs to consolidate these structured entities.
        This will determine whether the following derecognition analysis should be conducted at
        the consolidated level or at the entity level from which the financial assets are transferred.
326   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

3     Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)

      3.6 Derecognition of financial assets transferred (continued)

            The Group analyses the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such
            transfers to determine whether the derecognition criteria are met based on the following
            considerations:


            •     whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the
                  financial assets or the transfer qualifies for the “pass through” of those cash flows to
                  independent third parties.


            •     the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
                  assets are transferred. Significant judgment is applied in the Group’s estimation
                  with regard to the cash flows before and after the transfers and other factors that
                  affect the outcomes of Group’s assessment on the extent that risks and rewards are
                  transferred.


            •     where the Group has neither retained nor transferred substantially all of the risks
                  and rewards associated with their ownership, the Group analyses whether it has
                  relinquished its controls over these financial assets by assessing whether the
                  transferee has the practical ability to sell the asset in its entirety to an unrelated third
                  party and is able to exercise that ability unilaterally and without needing to impose
                  additional restrictions on the transfer, and if the Group has continuing involvement
                  in these transferred financial assets. Where the Group has not retained control,
                  it derecognizes these financial assets and recognizes separately as assets or
                  liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. Otherwise the
                  Group continues to recognize these financial assets to the extent of its continuing
                  involvement in the financial asset.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019   327




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

4   Segment information

    The Group conducts business activities in key business lines and geographical regions. From
    1 January 2019, aiming to facilitate business development and strengthen internal cooperation,
    the Group established a “client oriented” management and accounting system segmented by
    different client groups. The business segments are reorganised as corporate banking, retail
    banking and others to manage, report and evaluate the business based on the actual client
    groups of each branch. The geographical segments are reorganised into eight segments
    including Head Office, Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta, Bohai Rim, North-eastern Region,
    Central Region, Western Region, and Overseas and Subsidiaries to manage, report and
    evaluate the business according to the economic zone of each institution.

    Segment assets, liabilities, revenues and expenditures are measured following the Group’s
    accounting policies and internal management rules. The items of each segment include those
    which can be directly attributable to the segment or can be assigned to the segment based on
    reasonable criteria.

    As a part of the management of assets and liabilities, the Group’s capital resources are
    allocated to various business segments through the Treasury Department of the Head Office.
    The Group’s internal transfer pricing mechanism uses market interest rates as the benchmark
    and determines transfer prices concerning the internal capital pool. The impact of internal
    trading has been offset when preparing the consolidated statements.

    Capital expenditures of each segment refer to spending relating to purchasing fixed assets,
    intangible assets, and other long-term assets during the reporting period.

    4.1 Business segments

        (1)   Corporate banking      Providing banking products and services for corporate
                                     customers, government agencies and financial institutions.
                                     These products and services include corporate deposits,
                                     corporate loans, investment business, interbank business,
                                     financial markets business and various corporate intermediary
                                     business.

        (2)   Retail banking         Providing banking products and services for individual
                                     clients and small and micro-enterprises. These products
                                     and services include loans, credit and debit cards services,
                                     wealth management, private banking and various retail
                                     intermediary businesses.

        (3)   Others                 Group’s bond investments and money markets transactions
                                     which conducted on-demand for liquidity management, and
                                     those other businesses which cannot form a single reportable
                                     segment, and those costs cannot be separated into any
                                     sections, and businesses of subsidiaries.
328   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

4     Segment information (continued)

      4.1 Business segments (continued)

            Business segment as at 31 December 2019 and 2018 are shown in accordance with new
            segment system, comparative figures were also restated in accordance with new segment
            system.


                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                               Corporate             Retail
                                                                banking            banking      Others          Total

              Operating income                                   102,097           67,261         8,387      177,745
                Net interest income                               67,129           26,958         3,856       97,943
                 Include: inter-segment net
                              interest income/
                              (expense)                           10,447           (17,825)       7,378           —
                Net fee and commission income                     11,930            39,905          460       52,295
                Net other income                                  23,038               398        4,071       27,507

              Operating expenses                                  (13,804)         (18,372)     (17,840)      (50,016)
              Credit impairment losses                            (37,873)         (24,186)        (748)      (62,807)
              Other impairment losses                                (121)              (2)         (61)         (184)

              Profit before income tax                            50,299           24,701       (10,262)      64,738


              Depreciation and amortization                        3,648             2,404        1,154        7,206
              Capital expenditure                                  1,828             1,205        5,973        9,006



                                                                               As at 31 December 2019
                                                               Corporate            Retail
                                                                banking           banking       Others          Total

              Segment assets                                   4,378,885         1,396,224     870,682     6,645,791
                Include: Investments in
                     associates                                                                                    3
              Deferred income tax assets                                                                      36,050


              Total assets                                                                                 6,681,841


              Segment liabilities                              (4,617,269)        (829,064)    (704,554)   (6,150,887)
              Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                    (125)


              Total liabilities                                                                            (6,151,012)


              Credit commitments                                 797,132          527,606          688     1,325,426
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019     329




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                  (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

4   Segment information (continued)

    4.1 Business segments (continued)

                                                         Year ended 31 December 2018
                                           Corporate            Retail
                                             banking          banking            Others               Total


         Operating income                     90,468           56,223              7,470           154,161
           Net interest income                51,440           21,862              3,378            76,680
            Include: inter-segment net
                 interest income/
                 (expense)                    18,479           (23,562)            5,083                    —
           Net fee and commission income      13,953           32,572              1,606            48,131
           Net other income                   25,075             1,789             2,486            29,350


         Operating expenses                   (12,511)         (18,820)          (17,725)          (49,056)
         Credit impairment losses             (26,761)         (17,100)           (2,413)          (46,274)
         Other impairment losses                   —                 —                (46)                 (46)


         Profit before income tax             51,196           20,303            (12,714)           58,785


         Depreciation and amortization         2,770             2,365             2,062              7,197
         Capital expenditure                   1,528             1,305             4,824              7,657



                                                           As at 31 December 2018
                                           Corporate            Retail
                                             banking          banking            Others               Total


         Segment assets                    3,845,068         1,241,264          877,799          5,964,131
         Deferred income tax assets                                                                 30,691


         Total assets                                                                            5,994,822


         Segment liabilities               (4,108,637)        (649,427)         (805,634)       (5,563,698)
         Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                  (123)


         Total liabilities                                                                      (5,563,821)


         Credit commitments                  772,467          231,054              3,193         1,006,714
330   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

4     Segment information (continued)

      4.2 Geographical segments

            The Group mainly operates in Chinese mainland, with branches distributing across
            different provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central
            Government of the country. The Group also includes several subsidiaries in Chinese
            mainland and has one branch and subsidiaries in Hong Kong.


            Head Office                             Including head office, credit card centre and institutions
                                                    directly under the head office

            Yangtze River Delta                     Including branches in Shanghai, Zhejiang Province and
                                                    Jiangsu Province

            Pearl River Delta                       Including branches in Guangdong Province and Fujian
                                                    Province

            Bohai Rim                               Including branches in Beijing, Tianjin, Shandong Province
                                                    and Hebei Province

            North-eastern Region                    Including branches in Liaoning Province, Jinlin Province and
                                                    Heilongjiang Province

            Central Region                          Including branches in Shanxi Province, Henan Province,
                                                    Hunan Province, Hubei Province, Anhui Province, Jiangxi
                                                    Province and Hainan Province

            Western Region                          Including branches in Chongqing, Sichuan Province,
                                                    Yunnan Province, Shaanxi Province, Gansu Province,
                                                    Guizhou Province, Qinghai Province, Ningxia Hui
                                                    Autonomous Region, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region,
                                                    Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Inner Mongolia
                                                    Autonomous Region and Tibet Autonomous Region

            Overseas and Subsidiaries               Including Hong Kong Branch and subsidiaries
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   331




                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

4   Segment information (continued)

    4.2 Geographical segments (continued)

        Geographical segment as at 31 December 2019 and for the year ended 31 December
        2019 are shown in accordance with new segment system, comparative figures were also
        restated in accordance with new segment system.


                                                                                                                        As at
                                                                                 Year ended                      31 December
                                                                              31 December 2019                           2019
                                                                             Operating   Profit before               Segment
                                                                               income     income tax                 assets (i)

              Head Office                                                        70,007              25,931           3,270,046
              Yangtze River Delta                                                25,521              14,008           1,149,633
              Pearl River Delta                                                  18,419               9,640             591,348
              Bohai Rim                                                          21,700               6,379           1,209,248
              North-eastern Region                                                2,664              (1,366)            130,854
              Central Region                                                     15,156               1,397             450,942
              Western Region                                                     15,894               3,994             525,703
              Overseas and subsidiaries                                           8,384               4,755             382,540
              Inter-segment elimination                                              —                   —           (1,064,523)

              Total                                                             177,745              64,738           6,645,791



                                                                                                                        As at
                                                                                 Year ended                      31 December
                                                                              31 December 2018                           2018
                                                                             Operating   Profit before               Segment
                                                                               income     income tax                 assets (i)

              Head Office                                                        57,280              26,007           3,007,594
              Yangtze River Delta                                                22,154              13,214             987,063
              Pearl River Delta                                                  15,921               7,942             531,736
              Bohai Rim                                                          20,101               1,479           1,002,122
              North-eastern Region                                                2,812              (1,941)            118,329
              Central Region                                                     14,199               1,110             425,906
              Western Region                                                     14,961               8,623             445,105
              Overseas and subsidiaries                                           6,733               2,351             352,485
              Inter-segment elimination                                              —                   —             (906,209)

              Total                                                             154,161              58,785           5,964,131



        (i)       Segment assets do not include deferred tax assets.
332   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements

      5.1 Net interest income

                                                                             2019        2018


              Interest income arising from:
                Loans and advances to customers                           162,054     147,387
                 Including: Corporate loans and advances                   95,854      86,905
                              Personal loans and advances                  60,417      55,945
                              Discounted bills                               5,783       4,537
                Financial investments                                      64,259      60,987
                 Including: Financial assets measured at amortised cost    45,547      46,700
                              Financial assets at fair value through
              	  other comprehensive income                                18,712      14,287
                Placements with banks and other financial institutions     10,711      10,051
                Long-term receivables                                        6,411       6,733
                Balances with central bank                                   5,195       5,768
                Financial assets held under resale agreements                1,430       3,321
                Balances with banks and other financial institutions          664        1,100


              Subtotal                                                    250,724     235,347


              Interest expense arising from:
                Deposits from customers                                    (79,525)    (66,431)
                Deposits and placements from banks and
                 other financial institutions                              (31,925)    (48,019)
                Debt securities issued                                     (25,131)    (23,632)
                Borrowings from central bank                                (7,620)    (10,931)
                Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions
                 and others                                                 (5,194)     (6,405)
                Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements           (2,933)     (3,249)
                Lease liabilities                                             (453)       N/A


              Subtotal                                                    (152,781)   (158,667)


              Net interest income                                          97,943      76,680


              Of which:
              Interest income from impaired financial assets                 1,155        947
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2019    333




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.2 Net fee and commission income

                                                                                               2019                  2018


         Fee and commission income
           Bank card services                                                                35,036                28,946
           Agency services                                                                    7,669                  8,869
           Trust and other fiduciary services                                                 6,205                  7,092
           Settlement services                                                                3,696                  3,415
           Credit commitments                                                                 2,474                  2,653
           Others                                                                             1,944                  1,709


         Subtotal                                                                            57,024                52,684


         Fee and commission expense                                                          (4,729)                (4,553)


         Net fee and commission income                                                       52,295                48,131



    5.3 Net trading gain

                                                                                               2019                  2018


         Gain on interest rate instruments                                                    6,106                  5,828
         Gain on exchange rate instruments                                                    2,651                  6,300
         Gain/(Loss) on precious metals and other products                                      310                 (5,608)


         Total                                                                                9,067                  6,520



    5.4 Net gain from investment securities

                                                                                               2019                  2018


         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               13,062                19,361
         Financial assets at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                                               1,645                      249
         Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                          1,144                  1,142
         Others                                                                                   44                      46


         Total                                                                               15,895                20,798
334   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.5 Operating expenses

                                                                          2019      2018


              Staff costs, including directors’ emoluments
                — Salaries, bonuses, allowances and subsidies payables   25,288    23,469
                — Post-employment benefits-defined contribution plans     2,463     2,413
              Depreciation and amortisation                               5,703     3,118
              Lease and property management expenses                      1,060     4,101
              Tax and surcharges                                          1,772     1,919
              Office expenses                                             1,622     1,444
              Business expenses and others                               12,108    12,592


              Total                                                      50,016    49,056



      5.6 Credit impairment losses

                                                                          2019      2018


              Loans and advances to customers                            60,850    43,611
              Financial assets measured at amortised cost                 1,048     1,475
              Long-term receivables                                        510       631
              Credit loss of off-balance-sheet assets                       59       (869)
              Financial assets at fair value through other
                comprehensive income                                       (414)     747
              Others                                                       754       679


              Total                                                      62,807    46,274
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2019      335




                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                           (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.7 Directors and Supervisors’ emoluments

        For the year ended 31 December 2019 (in thousands of RMB)
                                                                                              2019
                                                      Basic salaries,         Contributions
                                                           allowances             to pension          Discretionary
                                                         and benefits               schemes                    bonus                   Total


          Hong Qi(1) (2)                                          4,472                    107                      —                  4,579
          Zhang Hongwei                                              905                     —                      —                    905
          Lu Zhiqiang                                                910                     —                      —                    910
          Liu Yonghao                                                905                     —                      —                    905
          Zheng Wanchun        (1) (2)
                                                                  4,179                    107                      —                  4,286
          Shi Yuzhu                                                  780                     —                      —                    780
          Wu Di                                                      833                     —                      —                    833
          Song Chunfeng                                              843                     —                      —                    843
          Weng Zhenjie                                               810                     —                      —                    810
          Liu Jipeng                                                 885                     —                      —                    885
          Li Hancheng                                             1,178                      —                      —                  1,178
          Xie Zhichun                                                865                     —                      —                    865
          Peng Xuefeng                                               865                     —                      —                    865
          Liu Ningyu                                              1,055                      —                      —                  1,055
          Tian Suning                                                880                     —                      —                    880
          Zhang Juntong(1) (2)                                    4,022                    107                      —                  4,129
          Wang Jiazhi(1) (2)                                      3,981                    107                      —                  4,088
          Guo Dong(1) (2)                                         3,600                    107                      —                  3,707
          Wang Hang                                                  730                     —                      —                    730
          Zhang Bo                                                   690                     —                      —                    690
          Lu Zhongnan                                                725                     —                      —                    725
          Wang Yugui                                                 725                     —                      —                    725
          Bao Jiming                                                 665                     —                      —                    665
          Zhao Fugao                                                 345                     —                      —                    345



        (1)    The Bank defers part of the performance-based compensations to the Executive Directors, the Chairman and Vice Chairman of
               the Supervisory Board, which are not included in the above disclosure. For details of the deferred payments, please refer to Note
               9.



        (2)    The emoluments before tax of Executive Directors, the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board are pending for
               the approval of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors, the Bank will make further disclosure
               upon approval. The amount of the emoluments not accrued is not expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s and the
               Bank’s 2019 financial statements.
336   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.7 Directors and Supervisors’ emoluments (continued)

            For the year ended 31 December 2018 (in thousands of RMB)
                                                                                            2018
                                                       Basic salaries,          Contributions
                                                          allowances              to pension Discretionary
                                                         and benefits               schemes         bonus                                Total

              Hong Qi(1) (2)                                         4,168                    303                 2,648                  7,119
              Zhang Hongwei                                            930                      —                      —                   930
              Lu Zhiqiang                                              915                     —                     —                     915
              Liu Yonghao                                              930                     —                     —                     930
              Zheng Wanchun(1) (2)                                   3,807                    303                 2,608                  6,718
              Shi Yuzhu                                                775                     —                     —                     775
              Wu Di                                                    870                     —                     —                     870
              Song Chunfeng                                             —                      —                     —                      —
              Weng Zhenjie                                              —                      —                     —                      —
              Liu Jipeng                                               880                     —                     —                     880
              Li Hancheng                                              920                     —                     —                     920
              Xie Zhichun                                              890                     —                     —                     890
              Peng Xuefeng                                             875                     —                     —                     875
              Liu Ningyu                                               955                     —                     —                     955
              Tian Suning                                              410                     —                     —                     410
              Zhang Juntong(1) (2)                                   3,674                    227                 1,703                  5,604
              Wang Jiazhi(1) (2)                                     3,640                    227                 1,437                  5,304
              Guo Dong(1) (2)                                        2,852                    193                 1,246                  4,291
              Wang Hang                                                725                     —                     —                     725
              Zhang Bo                                                 670                     —                     —                     670
              Lu Zhongnan                                              725                     —                     —                     725
              Wang Yugui                                               765                     —                     —                     765
              Bao Jiming                                               665                     —                     —                     665
              Liang Yutang(1) (2)                                    2,759                    199                 1,626                  4,584
              Yao Dafeng                                               505                      —                      —                   505
              Tian Zhiping                                              —                       —                      —                     —
              Cheng Hoi-chuen                                          485                      —                      —                    485
              Cheng Guoqi                                              395                      —                      —                    395


            (1)   The Bank defers part of the performance-based compensations to the Executive Directors, the Chairman and Vice Chairman of
                  the Supervisory Board, which are not included in the above disclosure. For details of the deferred payments, please refer to Note
                  9.


            (2)   The emoluments before tax of Executive Directors, the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board are pending for
                  the approval of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors, the Bank will make further disclosure
                  upon approval. The amount of the emoluments not accrued is not expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s and the
                  Bank’s 2018 financial statements.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2019     337




                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                          (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.7 Directors and Supervisors’ emoluments (continued)

        For the year ended 31 December 2019, the five individuals with the highest emoluments
        are all directors or supervisors whose emoluments are disclosed above.


        The Group had not paid any emoluments to the directors or supervisors or any of the
        five highest-paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
        compensation for loss of office.


    5.8 Income tax expense

                                                                                                           2019                    2018


              Current tax for the year                                                                  15,310                    8,157
              Adjustment for prior years                                                                    136                      (107)


              Subtotal                                                                                  15,446                    8,050


              Changes in deferred tax (Note 5.20)                                                        (5,632)                     405


              Total                                                                                       9,814                   8,455



        Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit of the Group is listed as
        follows:


                                                                                  Note                     2019                    2018


              Profit before income tax                                                                  64,738                  58,785


              Income tax at the tax rate of 25%                                                         16,185                  14,696


              Effect of non-taxable income                                          (i)                  (6,811)                 (6,747)
              Effect of non-deductible expenses                                                             287                      466
              Effect of adjustment for prior years                                                          136                      (107)
              Others                                                                                          17                     147


              Income tax expense                                                                          9,814                   8,455



        (i)       The non-taxable income mainly represents interest income arising from PRC government bonds and municipal bonds, which are
                  exempted from income tax.
338   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.9 Earnings per share

            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to ordinary equity
            shareholders of the Bank by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
            during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the adjusted profit
            attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Bank based on assuming conversion
            of all dilutive potential shares for the period by the adjusted weighted average number of
            ordinary shares in issue.


            The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares and perpetual bonds in 2016 and
            2019, respectively under the terms and conditions as detailed in Note 5.32 Preference
            Shares and Note 5.33 Perpetual Bonds are declared.


            The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to fall within contingently
            issuable ordinary shares. The triggering events of conversion did not occur as at 31
            December 2019, therefore the conversion feature of preference shares has no effect on
            the basic and diluted earnings per share calculation.


                                                                                 2019              2018


              Net profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
                of the Bank                                                     53,261           49,777
              Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                (in millions)                                                   43,782           43,782


              Basic/Diluted earnings per share (in RMB)                           1.22             1.14
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019    339




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                   (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.10 Cash and balances with central bank

                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                                 2019                  2018


         Cash                                                                   5,762                  6,984


         Balances with central bank
           Statutory deposit reserves                                        321,808                334,453
           Surplus deposit reserves                                            41,921                45,814
           Fiscal deposits and others                                           1,519                  1,877


         Subtotal                                                            365,248                382,144


         Interest accrued                                                         145                      153


         Total                                                               371,155                389,281



        The Group places statutory deposit reserves with the PBOC or local regulator. The
        statutory deposit reserves are not available for use in the Group’s daily business.


        As at 31 December 2019 the statutory deposit reserve rate applicable to domestic
        branches of the Bank for RMB deposits is 9.5% (31 December 2018: 11.0%) and the
        reserve rate for foreign currency deposits is 5.0% (31 December 2018: 5.0%). The amount
        of statutory deposit reserves of the subsidiaries and overseas branches of the Group are
        determined by local jurisdiction.


        Surplus deposit reserves maintained with the PBOC is for the purposes of clearing
        interbank transactions.
340   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.11 Balances with banks and other financial institutions

                                                                       31 December      31 December
                                                                               2019             2018


              Chinese mainland
                — Banks                                                      29,657           25,564
                — Other financial institutions                                5,112            7,442


              Subtotal                                                       34,769           33,006


              Overseas
                — Banks                                                      18,088           18,516
                — Other financial institutions                                  553              533


              Subtotal                                                       18,641           19,049


              Interest accrued                                                  116              203
              Less: allowance for impairment losses                            (346)            (104)


              Total                                                          53,180           52,154



            For the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, the movements in carrying amount
            and the impairment loss allowances of balances with banks and other financial institutions
            between stages are insignificant.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019     341




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.12 Placements with banks and other financial institutions

                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2019                  2018


         Chinese mainland
           — Banks                                                                 8,835                16,041
           — Other financial institutions                                       198,540                188,590


         Subtotal                                                               207,375                204,631


         Overseas
           — Banks                                                                37,423                39,357
           — Other financial institutions                                          3,799                  2,105


         Subtotal                                                                 41,222                41,462


         Interest accrued                                                            471                      635
         Less: allowance for impairment losses                                       (503)                    (203)


         Total                                                                  248,565                246,525



        For the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, the movements in carrying amount and
        the impairment loss allowances of placements with banks and other financial institutions
        between stages are insignificant.


    5.13 Derivatives
        A derivative is a financial instrument, the value of which changes in response to the change
        in a specified interest rate, financial instrument price, commodity price, foreign exchange
        rate, index of prices or rates, credit rating or credit index, or other similar variables. The
        Group uses derivative financial instruments mainly including forwards, swaps and options.


        The notional amount of a derivative represents the amount of an underlying asset upon
        which the value of the derivative is based. It indicates the volume of business transacted
        by the Group but does not reflect the risk.
342   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.13 Derivatives (continued)

            (1) The notional amount and fair value of unexpired derivative financial
                instruments held by the Group are set out in the following tables:


                                                                        31 December 2019
                                                               Notional            Fair value
                                                                amount          Assets        Liabilities

                    Foreign exchange derivatives
                      — Currency swaps                         1,635,356         12,287          (12,504)
                      — Currency options                         242,534          1,244             (769)
                      — Currency forwards                         42,502            251             (248)

                    Subtotal                                                     13,782          (13,521)

                    Interest rate derivatives
                       — Interest rate swaps                   1,807,599            794           (1,078)

                    Precious metal derivatives                  134,309          16,471           (3,066)
                    Credit derivatives                            2,170               6               (5)
                    Others                                          590              47             (123)

                    Total                                                        31,100          (17,793)



                                                                        31 December 2018
                                                               Notional            Fair value
                                                                amount          Assets        Liabilities

                    Foreign exchange derivatives
                      — Currency swaps                         1,406,375         15,092          (13,847)
                      — Currency options                         166,808          1,171           (1,139)
                      — Currency forwards                         66,739            343             (614)

                    Subtotal                                                     16,606          (15,600)

                    Interest rate derivatives
                       — Interest rate swaps                   1,620,687          1,807             (461)

                    Precious metal derivatives                  122,197          14,080           (1,934)
                    Commodity options                             3,700             596               (3)
                    Extension options                             5,000              —                —
                    Credit derivatives                              137               3               —
                    Others                                          590              20               (2)

                    Total                                                        33,112          (18,000)
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2019     343




                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                           (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.13 Derivatives (continued)

        (2)   Hedges

                                                                                                 31 December 2019
                                                                                     Notional              Fair value
                                                                  Note                amount                 Assets              Liabilities


                    Cash flow hedges
                      — Currency swap contracts                      (i)                 1,430                      —                    (26)
                    Fair value hedges
                      — Interest Rate swap                          (ii)                 8,094                      —                   (104)


                    Total                                                                                           —                   (130)



                                                                                                 31 December 2018
                                                                                     Notional              Fair value
                                                                  Note                amount                 Assets              Liabilities

                    Cash flow hedges
                      — Currency swap contracts                      (i)                 6,478                     60                     (7)



              (i)       The Group uses foreign exchange swaps to hedge against exposures to cash flow variability primarily from foreign
                        exchange risks of foreign bonds and foreign loans. For the year ended 31 December 2019 and for the year ended 31
                        December 2018, the fair value changes of cash flow hedging recognized in other comprehensive income accumulative
                        profit or loss were not significant.



              (ii)      The Group uses Interest rate swaps to hedge against changes in fair value of fixed rate bonds. For the year ended 31
                        December 2019, there were no significant ineffectiveness to be recorded from the fair value hedges.




        (3)   Credit risk weighted amount

                                                                                                 31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                        2019                         2018

                    Precious metal contracts                                                               17,549                   14,588
                    Exchange rate contracts                                                                13,922                    8,274
                    Interest rate contracts                                                                 1,774                    1,633
                    Commodity option contracts                                                                 —                       966
                    Other derivative contracts                                                                 55                       76


                    Total                                                                                  33,300                   25,537
344   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.13 Derivatives (continued)

            (3)       Credit risk weighted amount (continued)

                      The credit risk weighted amount represents the counterparty credit risk associated
                      with derivative transactions and is calculated with reference to the guidelines issued
                      by the CBIRC. The amount calculated is dependent on, among other factors, the
                      credit worthiness of the counterparty and the maturity characteristics of each type of
                      contract.


                      The credit risk weighted amounts stated above have taken the effects of netting
                      arrangements into account.


      5.14 Financial assets held under resale agreements

                                                                                                       31 December               31 December
                                                                                         Note                       2019                       2018


                  Bonds                                                                                          56,842                   33,239
                  Discounted bills                                                                                 6,307                       2,110
                  Others                                                                    (i)                    2,550                       3,595


                  Subtotal                                                                                       65,699                   38,944


                  Interest accrued                                                                                   109                        251
                  Less: allowance for impairment losses                                                                 (9)                       (5)


                  Total                                                                                          65,799                   39,190



            (i)       Others are financial assets held under resale agreements of which the underlying assets were finance lease receivable.



            For the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, the transfer of book value and the
            impairment loss allowances of financial assets held under resale agreements between
            stages are insignificant.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   345




                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.15 Loans and advances to customers

                                                                                                    31 December             31 December
                                                                                      Note                        2019                 2018


              Measured at amortised cost:
                Corporate loans and advances
                 — Corporate loans                                                                        1,902,459              1,727,890


                Personal loans and advances
                 — Micro lending                                                        (i)                 455,358                 415,564
                 — Residential mortgage                                                                     419,907                 335,502
                 — Credit cards                                                                             445,881                 393,249
                 — Others                                                                                     91,778                 86,230


                Subtotal                                                                                  1,412,924              1,230,545


              Less: allowance for impairment losses                                                          (82,475)               (71,216)


              Subtotal                                                                                    3,232,908              2,887,219


              Measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                income:
                Corporate loans and advances
                 — Corporate loans                                                                                5,846                1,788
                 — Discounted bills                                                                         166,372                  96,523


              Subtotal                                                                                      172,218                  98,311


              Interest accrued                                                                                25,301                 22,742


              Total                                                                                       3,430,427              3,008,272



        (i)       Micro lending is a loan product offered to the small micro enterprise owners and proprietors.
346   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.15 Loans and advances to customers (continued)

            (1)	Loans and advances to customers (excluded interest accrued) analysed by types
                 of collateral

                                                                31 December 2019      31 December 2018
                                                                Amount         (%)    Amount         (%)


                    Unsecured loans                             793,364      22.75    725,263      23.72
                    Guaranteed loans                            632,463      18.13    627,501      20.53
                    Loans secured by
                       — tangible assets other than
                             monetary assets                   1,555,472     44.60   1,307,324     42.77
                       — monetary assets                        506,302      14.52    396,658      12.98


                    Total                                      3,487,601    100.00   3,056,746    100.00
                                                                                            Annual Report 2019    347




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                         (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.15 Loans and advances to customers (continued)

        (2)   Overdue loans (excluded interest accrued) analyzed by overdue period

                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                 Less than      3 to 12         1 to 3   More than
                                                 3 months       months          years        3 years          Total


               Unsecured loans                      10,755       10,419          1,400         1,124        23,698
               Guaranteed loans                      5,577        4,537          7,979         2,768        20,861
               Loans secured by
                 — Tangible assets other than
                       monetary assets               4,049        5,646          6,685         2,783        19,163
                 — Monetary assets                   2,262        3,234           581            748         6,825


               Total                                22,643       23,836        16,645          7,423        70,547


               % of total loans and advances          0.65         0.68           0.48          0.21             2.02



                                                                      31 December 2018
                                                 Less than      3 to 12         1 to 3   More than
                                                 3 months       months          years        3 years          Total


               Unsecured loans                       6,393        7,009          3,888           170        17,460
               Guaranteed loans                     12,285       12,111          7,522         2,732        34,650
               Loans secured by
                 — Tangible assets other than
                       monetary assets               6,937        7,121          5,565         2,720        22,343
                 — Monetary assets                   1,454          771          1,912           539         4,676


               Total                                27,069       27,012        18,887          6,161        79,129


               % of total loans and advances          0.89         0.88           0.62          0.20             2.59



              Overdue loans represent loans of which the principal or interest are overdue for 1 day
              or more.
348   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.15 Loans and advances to customers (continued)

            (3)   Changes in allowance for impairment losses

                  (a)    Changes in allowance for impairment losses of loans and advances to customers
                         measured at amortised cost are as follows:


                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                               Stage 1    Stage 2    Stage 3         Total


                          Balance as at 1 January 2019         (18,914)   (21,229)   (31,073)      (71,216)
                          Transfer:
                             to stage 1                         (1,747)     1,342        405            —
                             to stage 2                          1,119     (1,461)       342            —
                             to stage 3                           351       3,312     (3,663)           —
                          Net charge                            (6,329)    (3,662)   (49,679)      (59,670)
                          Write-offs                                —          —      50,930       50,930
                          Recoveries of amounts previously
                             written off                            —          —      (3,618)       (3,618)
                          Others                                   (16)       (16)     1,131        1,099


                          Balance as at 31 December 2019       (25,536)   (21,714)   (35,225)      (82,475)



                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                               Stage 1    Stage 2    Stage 3         Total


                          Balance as at 1 January 2018         (23,398)   (25,111)   (36,641)      (85,150)
                          Transfer:
                             to stage 1                         (3,313)     3,110        203            —
                             to stage 2                          1,036     (1,381)       345            —
                             to stage 3                           646       2,502     (3,148)           —
                          Net reversal/(charge)                  6,115       (349)   (49,045)      (43,279)
                          Write-offs                                —          —      58,421       58,421
                          Recoveries of amounts previously
                             written off                            —          —      (1,914)       (1,914)
                          Others                                    —          —         706          706


                          Balance as at 31 December 2018       (18,914)   (21,229)   (31,073)      (71,216)
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2019     349




                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.15 Loans and advances to customers (continued)

        (3)    Changes in allowance for impairment losses (continued)

               (b)   Changes in allowance for impairment losses of loans and advances to customers
                     at fair value through other comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                  Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3            Total


                      Balance as at 1 January 2019                    (449)              —             (543)             (992)
                      Net charge                                      (540)              —             (640)        (1,180)


                      Balance as at 31 December 2019                  (989)              —          (1,183)         (2,172)



                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                  Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3            Total


                      Balance as at 1 January 2018                    (295)              —             (365)             (660)
                      Net charge                                      (154)              —             (178)             (332)


                      Balance as at 31 December 2018                  (449)              —             (543)             (992)



    5.16 Financial investments

                                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                                        Note                   2019                  2018


         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           (1)                 528,338              381,093
         Financial assets at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                                 (2)                 512,888              461,693
         Financial assets measured at amortised cost                     (3)             1,143,079              1,127,231


         Total                                                                           2,184,305              1,970,017
350   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.16 Financial investments (continued)

            (1)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                               31 December   31 December
                                                                                      2019          2018

                    Held for trading purpose

                    Debt securities
                      Government                                                     3,118         2,163
                      Policy banks                                                  10,961         3,367
                      Banking and non-banking financial institutions                20,299        12,128
                      Corporates                                                    80,939        73,536

                    Subtotal                                                       115,317        91,194

                    Equity investments                                               7,681         5,422
                    Investment funds                                   (i)          91,872        44,092

                    Subtotal                                                       214,870       140,708

                    Other financial assets at fair value through
                      profit or loss

                    Debt securities
                      Corporates                                                       470           277
                    Equity investments                                              13,590         7,914
                    Investment funds                                    (i)         33,926        12,767
                    Asset management plans                             (ii)         84,001       160,391
                    Wealth management products                         (iii)       178,201        58,871
                    Others                                                           3,280           165

                    Subtotal                                                       313,468       240,385

                    Total                                                          528,338       381,093


                    Listed                                                         127,465        89,415
                       — listed in Hong Kong                                        31,841        30,557
                    Unlisted                                                       400,873       291,678

                    Total                                                          528,338       381,093
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2019      351




                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                           (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.16 Financial investments (continued)

        (1)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)

              The consolidated financial statements classified debt securities traded on China
              Domestic Interbank Bond Market as listed bonds.


              (i)     As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the funds include public bond funds and public currency funds.



              (ii)    As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the underlying assets of asset management plans and trust beneficial rights
                      managed by securities companies primarily include bill assets, interbank assets, credit assets and others (Note 10.2 (10)).



              (iii)   As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the wealth management products primarily include principal-guaranteed wealth
                      management products issued by other banks and non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products based on
                      bonds or interbank borrowings.
352   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.16 Financial investments (continued)

            (2)   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

                                                                         31 December      31 December
                                                                                 2019             2018


                    Debt securities
                       Government                                             120,161           91,878
                       Policy banks                                            76,294           40,156
                       Banking and non-banking financial institutions         160,622          199,038
                       Corporates                                             148,411          125,943


                    Subtotal                                                  505,488          457,015


                    Equity investments and others                               2,086              625


                    Interest accrued                                            5,314            4,053


                    Total                                                     512,888          461,693


                    Listed                                                    481,706          412,010
                       — listed in Hong Kong                                   51,726           46,756
                    Unlisted                                                   25,868           45,630


                    Interest accrued                                            5,314            4,053


                    Total                                                     512,888          461,693



                  The Group designates certain non-trading equity investments as financial assets at
                  fair value through other comprehensive income. For the year ended 31 December
                  2019, dividend income of RMB76 million (RMB21 million for the year ended 31
                  December 2018) recognised for such equity investments was included in the profit or
                  loss.


                  The impact of gain on disposal of other equity investments at fair value through other
                  comprehensive income was not material for the year ended 31 December 2019 (Year
                  ended 31 December 2018: Nil).
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019     353




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                   (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.16 Financial investments (continued)

        (2)   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (continued)

              Changes in allowance for impairment losses

                                                            Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                    Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3            Total


               Balance as at 1 January 2019           (1,310)              —            (197)         (1,507)
               Net charge                                283               —             131               414
               Others                                     31               —               —                31


               Balance as at 31 December 2019           (996)              —             (66)         (1,062)



                                                            Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                    Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3            Total


               Balance as at 1 January 2018             (675)              —             (72)              (747)
               Net charge                               (622)              —            (125)              (747)
               Others                                    (13)              —               —                (13)


               Balance as at 31 December 2018         (1,310)              —            (197)         (1,507)



              As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income included credit-impaired financial assets whose carrying
              amount was RMB68 million (31 December 2018: RMB225 million), with allowance for
              impairment losses of RMB66 million (31 December 2018: RMB197 million).
354   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.16 Financial investments (continued)

            (3)   Financial assets measured at amortised cost

                                                                                                       31 December          31 December
                                                                                         Note                       2019           2018


                        Debt securities
                          Government                                                                            713,332         727,868
                          Policy banks                                                                           10,502          14,729
                          Banking and non-banking financial institutions                                        104,491          97,837
                          Corporates                                                                             96,785          17,304


                        Subtotal                                                                                925,110         857,738


                        Asset management plans and trust beneficial
                          rights                                                           (i)                  205,997         257,077
                        Others                                                                                     3,323          1,367


                        Interest accrued                                                                         12,762          14,108
                        Less: allowance for impairment losses                                                     (4,113)         (3,059)


                        Total                                                                                1,143,079         1,127,231


                        Listed                                                                                  865,223         781,552
                          — listed in Hong Kong                                                                       883         7,659
                        Unlisted                                                                                269,207         334,630


                        Interest accrued                                                                         12,762          14,108
                        Less: allowance for impairment losses                                                     (4,113)         (3,059)


                        Total                                                                                1,143,079         1,127,231



                  (i)       As at 31 December 2019, the underlying assets of asset management plans and trust beneficial rights managed by
                            securities companies primarily include credit assets and interbank assets (Note 10.2 (10)).
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019    355




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                  (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.16 Financial investments (continued)

        (3)   Financial assets measured at amortised cost (continued)

              Changes in allowance for impairment losses

              Group
                                                           Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                   Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3            Total


               Balance as at 1 January 2019          (1,352)           (204)         (1,503)         (3,059)
               Transfer
                 to stage 2                              10             (10)              —                —
                 to stage 3                                2             68             (70)               —
               Net charge                              (713)           (119)           (216)         (1,048)
               Others                                     (1)             —               (5)              (6)


               Balance as at 31 December 2019        (2,054)           (265)         (1,794)         (4,113)



                                                           Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                   Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3            Total


               Balance as at 1 January 2018          (1,837)            (50)           (466)         (2,353)
               Transfer
                 to stage 1                             (30)             30               —                —
                 to stage 2                              12             (12)              —                —
                 to stage 3                              15              20             (35)               —
               Net reversal/(charge)                    477            (192)         (1,760)         (1,475)
               Transfer out                              16               —             770               786
               Others                                     (5)             —             (12)              (17)


               Balance as at 31 December 2018        (1,352)           (204)         (1,503)         (3,059)
356   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.17 Long-term receivables

                                                                                                     31 December             31 December
                                                                                                                 2019                    2018


              Finance lease receivables                                                                      139,372                   133,574
                  Less: unearned finance lease income                                                        (18,836)                  (19,105)


              Present value of minimum finance lease receivables                                             120,536                   114,469
                  Less: allowance for impairment losses                                                        (3,943)                  (3,645)


              Total                                                                                          116,593                   110,824



            (1)    The Present value of minimum finance lease receivables is analysed by the remaining
                   terms as follows:


                                                                                                     31 December             31 December
                                                                                       Note                      2019                    2018


                         Less than 1 year                                                                     52,113                    38,081
                         1 year to 2 years                                                                    27,034                    31,278
                         2 years to 3 years                                                                   15,105                    16,096
                         3 years to 5 years                                                                   10,642                    12,871
                         More than 5 years                                                                    12,475                    12,505
                         Indefinite                                                      (i)                    3,167                    3,638


                         Total                                                                               120,536                   114,469



                   (i)       The indefinite period amount represents the balances being impaired or overdue for more than one month.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019     357




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                    (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.17 Long-term receivables (continued)

        (2)   Changes in allowance for impairment losses of long-term receivables:


                                                             Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                     Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3            Total


                 Balance as at 1 January 2019            (913)         (2,184)             (548)       (3,645)
                 Transfer:
                   to stage 2                                5              (5)              —                —
                   to stage 3                               —             516              (516)              —
                 Net charge                              (143)            (66)             (301)            (510)
                 Write-offs                                 —               —              425              425
                 Recoveries of amounts previously
                   written off                              —               —              (213)            (213)


                 Balance as at 31 December 2019        (1,051)         (1,739)         (1,153)         (3,943)



                                                             Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                     Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3            Total


                 Balance as at 1 January 2018            (684)         (1,815)         (1,312)         (3,811)
                 Transfer:
                   to stage 2                              24             (24)               —                —
                   to stage 3                               —             261              (261)              —
                 Net (charge)/reversal                   (291)           (617)             277              (631)
                 Other movements                           38              11              748              797


                 Balance as at 31 December 2018          (913)         (2,184)             (548)       (3,645)



    5.18 Property and equipment

                                                                       31 December            31 December
                                                                                   2019                 2018


         Property and equipment                                                   51,357              48,763
         Disposal of property and equipment                                           8                        2


         Total                                                                    51,365              48,765
358   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.18 Property and equipment (continued)

                                                                               Office                Operating
                                                             Leasehold     equipment       Motor     lease fixed Construction
                                                 Buildings improvement     and others    vehicles       assets     in progress      Total


              Original cost
                Balance as at 31 December 2018     18,060        4,677          8,891        506        31,354          3,846     67,334
                Increase                             728           377           487          24          4,283           471      6,370
                CIP transfers                        966             —             —           —             —            (966)        —
                Decrease                              (12)        (703)          (559)        (28)         (193)           (15)    (1,510)


                Balance as at 31 December 2019     19,742        4,351          8,819        502        35,444          3,336     72,194


              Accumulated depreciation
                Balance as at 31 December 2018     (3,769)       (2,924)       (6,773)      (405)        (4,494)            —     (18,365)
                Increase                             (600)        (654)          (797)        (35)       (1,436)            —      (3,522)
                Decrease                                4          692           527          26            37              —      1,286


                Balance as at 31 December 2019     (4,365)       (2,886)       (7,043)      (414)        (5,893)            —     (20,601)


              Impairment losses
                Balance as at 31 December 2018         —             —             —           —           (206)            —        (206)
                Increase                               —             —             —           —            (36)            —         (36)
                Decrease                               —             —             —           —              6             —           6


                Balance as at 31 December 2019         —             —             —           —           (236)            —        (236)


              Carrying amount
                Balance as at 31 December 2018     14,291        1,753          2,118        101        26,654          3,846     48,763


                Balance as at 31 December 2019     15,377        1,465          1,776         88        29,315          3,336     51,357
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2019     359




                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.18 Property and equipment (continued)

                                                                          Office                Operating
                                                        Leasehold     equipment       Motor     lease fixed Construction
                                            Buildings improvement     and others    vehicles       assets      in progress          Total


         Original cost
           Balance as at 31 December 2017     15,238        5,736          8,765        522        29,657           4,880          64,798
           Increase                            1,154          326           528          19          3,540            692           6,259
           CIP transfers                       1,726            —             —           —             —           (1,726)            —
           Decrease                              (58)       (1,385)         (402)        (35)       (1,843)             —          (3,723)


           Balance as at 31 December 2018     18,060        4,677          8,891        506        31,354           3,846          67,334


         Accumulated depreciation
           Balance as at 31 December 2017     (3,226)       (3,385)       (6,087)      (391)        (3,165)             —      (16,254)
           Increase                             (543)        (905)        (1,065)        (46)       (1,540)             —          (4,099)
           Decrease                               —         1,366           379          32           211               —           1,988


           Balance as at 31 December 2018     (3,769)       (2,924)       (6,773)      (405)        (4,494)             —      (18,365)


         Impairment losses
           Balance as at 31 December 2017         —             —             —           —           (206)             —            (206)
           Increase                               —             —             —           —             (8)             —              (8)
           Decrease                               —             —             —           —              8              —               8


           Balance as at 31 December 2018         —             —             —           —           (206)             —            (206)


         Carrying amount
           Balance as at 31 December 2017     12,012        2,351          2,678        131        26,286           4,880          48,338


           Balance as at 31 December 2018     14,291        1,753          2,118        101        26,654           3,846          48,763



        As at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the Group did not have any property
        and equipment which were acquired by means of finance lease or temporarily idle or held
        for sale.
360   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.18 Property and equipment (continued)

            The carrying value of buildings and leasehold improvements is analyzed by the remaining
            terms of the leases as follows:


                                                                       31 December      31 December
                                                                               2019             2018


              Held in Chinese mainland
                on long-term lease (more than 50 years)                          13               —
                on medium-term lease (10–50 years)                           16,012           14,177
                on short-term lease (less than 10 years)                        200            1,867


              Total                                                          16,225           16,044



            As at 31 December 2019, there were still certain properties and buildings, with a carrying
            value of RMB848 million (31 December 2018: RMB1,315 million), in the process of
            registration for certificates of ownership. The management believes such proceedings
            would not weaken the Group’s rights to these assets nor have any significant impact on
            the Group’s operations.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019     361




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.19 Right-of-use assets

                                                                     Motor        Land use
                                                 Buildings        vehicles              right            Total


         Original cost
           Balance as at 31 December 2018               —                —             4,484             4,484


           Changes in accounting policies          10,986               353                —           11,339


           Balance as at 1 January 2019            10,986               353            4,484           15,823


           Increase                                 2,979                —                 —             2,979
           Decrease                                  (360)               —                 —                 (360)


           Balance as at 31 December 2019          13,605               353            4,484           18,442


         Accumulated depreciation/amortization
           Balance as at 31 December 2018               —                —              (920)                (920)


           Changes in accounting policies               —                —                 —                   —


           Balance as at 1 January 2019                 —                —              (920)                (920)
           Increase                                 (2,773)             (93)            (113)           (2,979)
           Decrease                                      2               —                 —                    2


           Balance as at 31 December 2019           (2,771)             (93)          (1,033)           (3,897)


         Impairment losses
           Balance as at 31 December 2018               —                —                 —                   —


           Changes in accounting policies               —                —                 —                   —


           Balance as at 1 January 2019                 —                —                 —                   —


           Balance as at 31 December 2019               —                —                 —                   —


         Carrying amount
           Balance as at 1 January 2019            10,986               353            3,564           14,903


           Balance as at 31 December 2019          10,834               260            3,451           14,545
362   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.20 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities

            (1)   Deferred income tax items

                                                               31 December    31 December
                                                                      2019           2018


                    Deferred income tax assets                      36,050         30,691
                    Deferred income tax liabilities                   (125)          (123)


                    Total                                           35,925         30,568
                                                                                                Annual Report 2019    363




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.20 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities (continued)

        (2) Deferred income tax assets and liabilities without taking into consideration
            the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction are as follows:


                                                          31 December 2019                   31 December 2018
                                                         Deferred      Deductible/          Deferred      Deductible/
                                                          income          (taxable)          income           (taxable)
                                                       tax assets/      temporary        tax assets/        temporary
                                                       (liabilities)   differences        (liabilities)    differences


              Deferred income tax assets


              Asset impairment allowance                   38,462           153,848           31,079           124,316
              Employee benefits payable                      2,597           10,388             2,733           10,932
              Fair value losses of derivatives               4,385           17,540             4,509           18,036
              Financial assets at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                       51             204               130                520
              Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss                                 600            2,400             1,112            4,448
              Others                                           254            1,016               308            1,232


              Subtotal                                     46,349           185,396           39,871           159,484


              Deferred income tax liabilities


              Fair value gains of derivatives               (7,775)         (31,100)           (8,256)         (33,024)
              Financial assets at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                    (814)          (3,256)             (609)           (2,436)
              Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss                              (1,553)          (6,212)             (315)           (1,260)
              Others                                          (282)          (1,128)             (123)               (492)


              Subtotal                                    (10,424)          (41,696)           (9,303)         (37,212)


              Deferred income tax assets, net              35,925          143,700            30,568           122,272
364   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.20 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities (continued)

            (2) Movements in deferred income tax assets and liabilities without taking into
                consideration the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction are
                as follows: (continued)


                                                                                              Gross        Gross
                                                           Asset                            deferred    deferred
                                                    impairment     Fair value             income tax income tax
                                                     allowance        losses    Others       assets     liabilities


                    At 31 December 2018                   31,079       5,751     3,041        39,871       (9,303)
                    Recognised in profit or loss           7,383        (636)     (190)        6,557         (925)
                    Recognised in other
                       comprehensive income                    —         (79)       —            (79)        (196)


                    At 31 December 2019                   38,462       5,036     2,851        46,349      (10,424)


                    At 31 December 2017                   24,686       6,257     2,966        33,909       (4,812)


                    Changes in accounting
                       policies                            3,158         370        —          3,528         (126)


                    At 1 January 2018                     27,844       6,627     2,966        37,437       (4,938)
                    Recognised in profit or loss           3,235         111       75          3,421       (3,826)
                    Recognised in other
                       comprehensive income                    —        (987)       —           (987)        (539)


                    At 31 December 2018                   31,079       5,751     3,041        39,871       (9,303)
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019    365




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.21 Investment in subsidiaries and associates

        (1)   Directly held subsidiaries

                                                                      31 December         31 December
                                                                                2019                2018


               Minsheng Financial Leasing                                       2,600               2,600
               CMBC International                                               2,494               2,494
               Minsheng Royal Fund                                                190                   190
               Pengzhou Rural Bank                                                 20                    20
               Cixi Rural Bank                                                    107                    35
               Songjiang Rural Bank                                                70                    70
               Qijiang Rural Bank                                                  30                    30
               Tongnan Rural Bank                                                  25                    25
               Meihekou Rural Bank                                                169                    26
               Ziyang Rural Bank                                                  172                   172
               Jiangxia Rural Bank                                                 41                    41
               Changyuan Rural Bank                                                26                    26
               Yidu Rural Bank                                                     26                    26
               Jiading Rural Bank                                                 102                   102
               Zhongxiang Rural Bank                                               36                    36
               Penglai Rural Bank                                                  51                    51
               Anxi Rural Bank                                                     74                    51
               Funing Rural Bank                                                   52                    52
               Taicang Rural Bank                                                  76                    76
               Ningjin Rural Bank                                                  20                    20
               Zhangpu Rural Bank                                                  25                    25
               Puer Rural Bank                                                     15                    15
               Jinghong Rural Bank                                                 15                    15
               Zhidan Rural Bank                                                     7                    7
               Ningguo Rural Bank                                                  20                    20
               Yuyang Rural Bank                                                   25                    25
               Guichi Rural Bank                                                   26                    26
               Tiantai Rural Bank                                                  31                    31
               Tianchang Rural Bank                                                20                    20
               Tengchong Rural Bank                                                20                    20
               Xiang’an Rural Bank                                                 36                    36
               Linzhi Rural Bank                                                   13                    13


               Total                                                            6,634               6,396
366   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.21 Investment in subsidiaries and associates (continued)

            (2)   Basic information of directly held subsidiaries

                                                                                                                                    % of         % of
                                                         Place of                                                              ownership voting rights
                                                    incorporation           Principal        Registered           Nature of       held by     held by
                        Name                        and operation           activities          capital         legal entity    the Bank    the Bank

                        Minsheng Financial Leasing      Tianjin China         Leasing RMB5,095 million Limited company             51.03         51.03
                        CMBC International         Hong Kong China Investment banking HKD3,000 million Limited company            100.00        100.00
                        Minsheng Royal Fund        Guangdong China Fund management RMB300 million Limited company                  63.33         63.33
                        Pengzhou Rural Bank (i)       Sichuan China Commercial bank     RMB55 million Limited company              36.36         36.36
                        Cixi Rural Bank               Zhejiang China Commercial bank RMB189 million Limited company                64.68         64.68
                        Songjiang Rural Bank (i)     Shanghai China Commercial bank RMB150 million Limited company                 35.00         35.00
                        Qijiang Rural Bank (ii)    Chongqing China Commercial bank RMB61.57 million Limited company                48.73         51.27
                        Tongnan Rural Bank (i)     Chongqing China Commercial bank      RMB50 million Limited company              50.00         50.00
                        Meihekou Rural Bank                Jilin China Commercial bank RMB193 Million Limited company              95.36         95.36
                        Ziyang Rural Bank             Sichuan China Commercial bank RMB211 million Limited company                 81.41         81.41
                        Jiangxia Rural Bank              Hubei China Commercial bank    RMB86 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Changyuan Rural Bank            Henan China Commercial bank     RMB50 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Yidu Rural Bank                  Hubei China Commercial bank RMB52.4 million Limited company               51.00         51.00
                        Jiading Rural Bank           Shanghai China Commercial bank RMB200 million Limited company                 51.00         51.00
                        Zhongxiang Rural Bank            Hubei China Commercial bank    RMB70 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Penglai Rural Bank          Shandong China Commercial bank RMB100 million Limited company                  51.00         51.00
                        Anxi Rural Bank                  Fujian China Commercial bank RMB128 million Limited company               57.99         57.99
                        Funing Rural Bank              Jiangsu China Commercial bank    RMB85 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Taicang Rural Bank             Jiangsu China Commercial bank RMB135 million Limited company                51.00         51.00
                        Ningjin Rural Bank               Hebei China Commercial bank    RMB40 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Zhangpu Rural Bank               Fujian China Commercial bank   RMB50 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Puer Rural Bank                Yunnan China Commercial bank     RMB30 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Jinghong Rural Bank            Yunnan China Commercial bank     RMB30 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Zhidan Rural Bank             Shaanxi China Commercial bank     RMB15 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Ningguo Rural Bank               Anhui China Commercial bank    RMB40 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Yuyang Rural Bank             Shaanxi China Commercial bank     RMB50 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Guichi Rural Bank                Anhui China Commercial bank    RMB50 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Tiantai Rural Bank            Zhejiang China Commercial bank    RMB60 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Tianchang Rural Bank             Anhui China Commercial bank    RMB40 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Tengchong Rural Bank           Yunnan China Commercial bank     RMB40 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Xiang’an Rural Bank              Fujian China Commercial bank   RMB70 million Limited company              51.00         51.00
                        Linzhi Rural Bank                 Tibet China Commercial bank   RMB25 million Limited company              51.00         51.00


                  (i)        Although the Bank holds half or less than half of the voting rights in some rural banks, it has the majority of the seats in
                             their boards of directors, which enables it to govern their operating policies. These companies are treated as the Bank’s
                             subsidiaries and have been consolidated in these financial statements.


                  (ii)       Some natural person shareholders and the Bank signed a concerted action agreement, stipulating that the two parties
                             should take “concerted action” in the general meeting of shareholders. Therefore, the Bank acquires control over Qijiang
                             Rural Bank and classifies the investment in Qijiang Rural Bank as investment in a subsidiary.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2019     367




                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.21 Investment in subsidiaries and associates (continued)

        (3)      Investment in associates

                                                                                   31 December              31 December
                                                                                                2019                2018


                  Investment in associates                                                         3                      —



    5.22 Other assets

                                                   31 December 2019                          31 December 2018
                                                       Allowance                                 Allowance
                                                             for                                          for
                                              Gross impairment        Carrying         Gross impairment           Carrying
                                             balance      losses       amount         balance          losses      amount


         Prepayments for leased assets(1)     10,394          (57)       10,337         7,924              (97)         7,827
         Repossessed assets        (2)
                                               9,978         (112)        9,866        10,631              (80)     10,551
         Commission receivable                 9,433          (11)        9,422         7,678               —           7,678
         Items in the process of clearance
              and settlement                   8,376           —          8,376         3,311               (9)         3,302
         Investment properties                 6,399           —          6,399         4,604               —           4,604
         Interest receivable(3)                5,122           —          5,122         3,597               —           3,597
         Land use right                         N/A          N/A           N/A          3,564               —           3,564
         Other receivables                     2,346         (105)        2,241         2,845              (38)         2,807
         Intangible assets   (4)
                                               1,256           —          1,256         1,192               —           1,192
         Continuously involved assets          1,038           —          1,038         1,038               —           1,038
         Prepayment                             928            —            928         2,037               —           2,037
         Goodwill(5)                            206            —            206           201               —            201
         Long-term deferred expenses             92            —             92           106               —            106
         Others                                9,828       (1,594)        8,234        11,570           (1,288)     10,282


         Total                                65,396       (1,879)       63,517        60,298           (1,512)     58,786



        (1) Prepayments for leased assets are the prepayments made by the Group for acquiring
            leased assets under finance leases and operating leases.
368   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.22 Other assets (continued)

            (2)   Repossessed assets

                  Repossessed assets include buildings, land use rights and machineries and
                  equipment. The Group disposed repossessed assets of RMB1,505 million during the
                  year ended 31 December 2019 (Year ended 31 December 2018: RMB1,377 million).


            (3)   Interest receivable

                                                                    31 December      31 December
                                                                           2019             2018

                    Debt and other securities                              3,042            1,492
                    Loans and advances to customers                        2,077            2,073
                    Others                                                     3               32

                    Total                                                  5,122            3,597



            (4)   Intangible assets

                                                                      Year ended       Year ended
                                                                    31 December      31 December
                                                                            2019             2018

                    Cost
                      Balance as at 1 January                              4,290            3,594

                       Increase                                              547             697
                       Decrease                                               —               (1)

                       Balance as at 31 December                           4,837            4,290


                    Accumulated amortization
                      Balance as at 1 January                              (3,098)         (2,637)

                       Increase                                             (483)            (462)
                       Decrease                                               —                 1

                       Balance as at 31 December                           (3,581)         (3,098)


                    Carrying amount
                      Balance as at 1 January                              1,192             957


                       Balance as at 31 December                           1,256            1,192
                                                                                             Annual Report 2019    369




                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                          (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.22 Other assets (continued)

        (5)     Goodwill arising from CMBC Financial holdings

                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                        2019                  2018


                 At 1 January                                                            201                      198
                 Acquisition/(Disposal) of subsidiaries                                     5                      (6)
                 Exchange difference                                                       —                        9


                 Gross amount                                                            206                      201
                 Impairment                                                                —                       —


                 Net amount                                                              206                      201



                As at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the Group was not aware of any
                indicators for the possibility of goodwill impairment, hence no impairment loss was
                recognised.


    5.23 Deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions

                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                        2019                  2018


         Chinese mainland
              — Banks                                                               266,414                254,963
              — Other financial institutions                                        785,393                726,295


         Overseas
              — Banks                                                                 78,584                81,117
              — Other financial institutions                                          27,557                22,863


         Subtotal                                                                 1,157,948              1,085,238


         Interest accrued                                                              5,106                  6,622


         Total                                                                    1,163,054              1,091,860
370   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.24 Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions

                                                                    31 December     31 December
                                                                            2019            2018


              Credit borrowings                                          108,572          102,955
              Secured borrowings
                — tangible assets other than monetary assets              22,929           21,310


              Subtotal                                                   131,501          124,265


              Interest accrued                                               794             778


              Total                                                      132,295          125,043



            As at 31 December 2019, the secured borrowings of RMB22,929 million (31 December
            2018: RMB21,310 million) consisted of property and equipment of RMB14,040 million
            (31 December 2018: RMB15,261 million) and finance lease receivables of RMB14,059
            million (31 December 2018: RMB14,182 million) and other assets of RMB4,073 million (31
            December 2018: Nil) as collateral.


      5.25 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements

            Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements by underlying assets are shown as
            follows:


                                                                    31 December     31 December
                                                                            2019            2018


              Financial investments                                       58,533           55,956
              Discounted bills                                            42,905           33,408
                Including: bills rediscounted                             31,105           26,294
              Long-term receivables                                           —               16


              Subtotal                                                   101,438           89,380


              Interest accrued                                               267             307


              Total                                                      101,705           89,687
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2019   371




                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.26 Deposits from customers

                                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2019                  2018


          Demand deposits
            — Corporate deposits                                                       1,201,626              1,104,706
            — Personal deposits                                                          216,424                197,933
          Time deposits (including call and notice deposits)
            — Corporate deposits                                                       1,677,305              1,473,907
            — Personal deposits                                                          501,939                377,356
          Certificates of deposit                                                           4,446                10,444
          Outward remittance and remittance payables                                        2,348                  2,946


          Subtotal                                                                     3,604,088              3,167,292


          Interest accrued                                                                 32,946                27,149


          Total                                                                        3,637,034              3,194,441



        The pledged deposits included in deposits from customers are analysed as follows:


                                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2019                  2018


          Pledged deposits for bank acceptances                                          109,310                130,012
          Pledged deposits for letters of credit and guarantees                            21,243                55,284
          Other pledged deposits                                                           63,584                32,469


          Total                                                                          194,137                217,765



    5.27 Lease liabilities

                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                                                2019

          Lease liabilities                                                                                      10,420



        As at 31 December 2019, the Group did not include lease liabilities, but the items that
        will lead to future potential cash outflows include: the lease payments related to the lease
        contracts signed by the Group but not yet implemented were RMB80 million.
372   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.28 Provisions

                                                                           31 December         31 December
                                                                                     2019             2018


              Credit loss of off-balance-sheet assets                                1,453           1,371
              Litigation provision                                                    150                —


              Total                                                                  1,603           1,371



            Movements of credit loss of off-balance-sheet assets are as follows:


                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                               Stage 1    Stage 2      Stage 3       Total


              Balance as at 1 January 2019                      (1,335)       (33)            (3)    (1,371)
              Transfer:
                to stage 1                                          (4)         4             —          —
                to stage 2                                           4         (4)            —          —
                to stage 3                                           3          1             (4)        —
              Net (charge)/reversal                                (52)       10             (17)       (59)
              Other movements                                      (23)        —              —         (23)


              Balance as at 31 December 2019                    (1,407)       (22)           (24)    (1,453)
                                                                                    Annual Report 2019    373




                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.28 Provisions (continued)

        As at 31 December 2018, movements of credit loss of off-balance-sheet assets are as
        follows:


                                                           Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                  Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3            Total


         Balance as at 1 January 2018               (1,791)           (442)              —          (2,233)
         Transfer:
           to stage 1                                    (4)              4              —                —
           to stage 2                                     3              (3)             —                —
           to stage 3                                     1               1              (2)              —
         Net reversal/(charge)                         463             407               (1)             869
         Other movements                                 (7)             —               —                (7)


         Balance as at 31 December 2018             (1,335)            (33)              (3)        (1,371)



    5.29 Debt securities issued

                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                       Note                2019                   2018

         Certificates of interbank deposit                                    583,105             435,962
         Financial bonds                                 (1)                   94,983             114,951
         Tier-two capital bonds                          (2)                  109,930              89,911
         Medium-term notes                               (3)                   20,905              20,544
         Subordinated bonds                              (4)                    3,996               3,995
         Hybrid capital bonds                            (5)                       —                4,994

         Subtotal                                                             812,919             670,357

         Interest accrued                                                       4,306                4,166

         Total                                                                817,225             674,523



        There were no overdue principal and interest or other defaults with respect to these
        bonds. None of these bonds are secured.
374   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.29 Debt securities issued (continued)

            (1)   Financial bonds

                                                                                                          31 December               31 December
                                                                                         Note                        2019                     2018


                     RMB40 billion — 3-year fixed rate financial bonds 2018                (i)                     39,994                   39,990
                     RMB30 billion — 3-year fixed rate financial bonds 2017                (ii)                    29,998                   29,985
                     RMB20 billion — 3-year fixed rate financial bonds 2018               (iii)                    19,997                   19,995
                     RMB4 billion — 3-year fixed rate financial bonds 2018                (iv)                      3,995                    3,989
                     RMB1 billion — 3-year fixed rate financial bonds 2017                 (v)                        999                       999
                     RMB20 billion — 3-year fixed rate financial bonds 2016               (vi)                          —                   19,993


                     Total                                                                                         94,983                  114,951



                  (i).       RMB40 billion worth of fixed-rate financial bonds were issued on 22 November 2018, with a term of three years, and a
                             fixed coupon rate of 3.83% per annum.



                  (ii).      RMB30 billion worth of fixed-rate financial bonds were issued on 7 March 2017, with a term of three years, and a fixed
                             coupon rate of 4.00% per annum.



                  (iii).     RMB20 billion worth of fixed-rate financial bonds were issued on 14 December 2018, with a term of three years, and a
                             fixed coupon rate of 3.76% per annum.



                  (iv).      RMB4 billion worth of fixed-rate financial bonds were issued on 22 May 2018, with a term of three years, and a fixed
                             coupon rate of 4.90% per annum.



                  (v).       RMB1 billion worth of fixed-rate financial bonds were issued on 8 August 2017, with a term of three years, and a fixed
                             coupon rate of 4.50% per annum.



                  (vi).      RMB20 billion worth of fixed-rate financial bonds were issued on 27 October 2016, with a term of three years, and a fixed
                             coupon rate of 2.95% per annum.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   375




                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.29 Debt securities issued (continued)

        (2)   Tier-two capital bonds

                                                                                                      31 December             31 December
                                                                                      Note                       2019                  2018


                    RMB40 billion — 10-year fixed rate
                      tier-two capital bonds 2019                                        (i)                  39,992                       —
                    RMB20 billion — 10-year fixed rate
                      tier-two capital bonds 2015                                       (ii)                  19,986                  19,983
                    RMB20 billion — 10-year fixed rate
                      tier-two capital bonds 2016                                       (iii)                 19,982                  19,979
                    RMB15 billion — 10-year fixed rate
                      tier-two capital bonds 2017 1st tranche                           (iv)                  14,985                  14,983
                    RMB15 billion — 10-year fixed rate
                      tier-two capital bonds 2017 2nd tranche                           (v)                   14,985                  14,983
                    RMB20 billion — 10-year fixed rate
                      tier-two capital bonds 2014                                       (vi)                        —                 19,983


                    Total                                                                                   109,930                   89,911



              (i)       Tier-two capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB40 billion, a term of 10 years, and a fixed coupon rate of 4.48% per
                        annum, were issued on 1 March 2019. The Bank has an option to redeem all or part of the subordinated bonds at par
                        value during the period from the last day of the fifth year to the maturity date.



              (ii)      Tier-two capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB20 billion, a term of 10 years, and a fixed coupon rate of 5.40% per
                        annum, were issued on 28 April 2015. The Bank has an option to redeem all or part of the subordinated bonds at par
                        value during the period from the last day of the fifth year to the maturity date.



              (iii)     Tier-two capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB20 billion, a term of 10 years, and a fixed coupon rate of 3.50% per
                        annum, were issued on 30 August 2016. The Bank has an option to redeem all or part of the subordinated bonds at par
                        value during the period from the last day of the fifth year to the maturity date.



              (iv)      Tier-two capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB15 billion, a term of 10 years, and a fixed coupon rate of 4.70% per
                        annum, were issued on 12 September 2017 as the 1st tranche. The Bank has an option to redeem all or part of the
                        subordinated bonds at par value during the period from the last day of the fifth year to the maturity date.



              (v)       Tier-two capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB15 billion, a term of 10 years, and a fixed coupon rate of 4.70% per
                        annum, were issued on 27 November 2017 as the 2nd tranche. The Bank has an option to redeem all or part of the
                        subordinated bonds at par value during the period from the last day of the fifth year to the maturity date.



              (vi)      Tier-two capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB20 billion, a term of 10 years, and a fixed coupon rate of 6.60% per
                        annum, were issued on 18 March 2014. The Bank has an option to redeem all or part of the subordinated bonds at par
                        value during the period from the last day of the fifth year to the maturity date. The Bank has redeemed all the Tier-two
                        capital bonds as at 20 March 2019.
376   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.29 Debt securities issued (continued)

            (3)   Medium-term notes

                                                                                                   31 December             31 December
                                                                                    Note                     2019                    2018


                        USD0.6 billion — 5-year medium-term notes 2018                (i)                    4,179                   4,110
                        USD0.5 billion — 3-year medium-term notes 2017               (ii)                    3,486                   3,423
                        USD0.45 billion — 3-year medium-term notes 2017              (iii)                   3,138                   3,085
                        USD0.45 billion — 3-year medium-term notes 2017              (iv)                    3,136                   3,081
                        USD0.4 billion — 3-year medium-term notes 2018               (v)                     2,786                   2,737
                        USD0.35 billion — 5-year medium-term notes 2017              (vi)                    2,439                   2,398
                        USD0.25 billion — 3-year medium-term notes 2017              (vii)                   1,741                   1,710


                        Total                                                                              20,905                  20,544



                  (i)       Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.6 billion of medium-term notes were issued on 9 March 2018, with a
                            term of 5 years. The coupon rate is 3.38%.



                  (ii)      Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.5 billion of medium-term notes were issued on 5 May 2017, with a
                            term of 3 years. The coupon rate is 2.50%.



                  (iii)     Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.45 billion of medium-term notes were issued on 11 September 2017,
                            with a term of 3 years. The coupon rate is 2.44%.



                  (iv)      Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.45 billion of medium-term notes were issued on 15 November 2017,
                            with a term of 3 years. The coupon rate is 2.34%.



                  (v)       Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.4 billion of medium-term notes were issued on 9 March 2018, with a
                            term of 3 years. The coupon rate is 3.50%.



                  (vi)      Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.35 billion of medium-term notes were issued on 11 September 2017,
                            with a term of 5 years. The coupon rate is 2.54%.



                  (vii)     Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.25 billion of medium-term notes were issued on 15 November 2017,
                            with a term of 3 years. The coupon rate is 2.88%.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2019      377




                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.29 Debt securities issued (continued)

        (4)   Subordinated bonds

                                                                                                     31 December            31 December
                                                                                     Note                      2019                     2018


                    RMB4 billion — 15-year subordinated
                      fixed rate bonds 2011                                            (i)                    3,996                    3,995



              (i)       Subordinated bonds with a nominal value of RMB4 billion, a term of 15 years and a fixed coupon rate of 5.70% per
                        annum, were issued on 18 March 2011. The Bank has an option to redeem all or part of the subordinated bonds at par
                        value during the period from the last day of the tenth year to the maturity date.




              According to the issuance terms, these bonds are subordinated to all other claims
              against the Bank’s assets, except those of the hybrid capital bond holders and
              shareholders.


        (5)   Hybrid capital bonds

                                                                                                     31 December            31 December
                                                                                     Note                      2019                     2018


                    15-year hybrid capital fixed rate bonds 2009                       (i)                        —                    3,321
                    15-year hybrid capital floating rate bonds 2009                    (ii)                       —                    1,673


                    Total                                                                                         —                    4,994



              (i)       Hybrid capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB3.325 billion, a term of 15 years and a fixed coupon rate is 5.70% per
                        annum for the first 10 years, were issued on 25 March 2009. And if the Bank does not exercise the early redemption right
                        from the 11th year onward, the coupon rate will increase to 8.70% per annum. The Bank has redeemed all the Hybrid
                        capital bonds on 25 March 2019.



              (ii)      Hybrid capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB1.675 billion, a term of 15 years and of floating-rate, were issued on 25
                        March 2009. The floating rate is based on the one-year time deposit rate published by the PBOC plus a spread of 3.00%
                        per annum for the first 10 years. If the Bank does not exercise the early redemption right from the 11th year onward, the
                        spread will increase to 6.00% per annum. The Bank has redeemed all the Hybrid capital bonds on 25 March 2019.
378   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.30 Other liabilities

                                                                               31 December             31 December
                                                                       Note           2019                    2018

              Receipt in advance                                                         10,728                 10,479
              Items in the process of clearance and settlement                           10,403                 11,498
              Employee benefits payable                                 (1)              10,663                 11,130
              Other tax payable                                         (2)               4,598                  4,390
              Intermediate collection and payment                                         2,869                  3,897
              Continuously involved liabilities                                           1,038                  1,038
              Deferred fee and commission income                                            875                    387
              Payable for long-term assets                                                  733                    750
              Accrued expenses                                                              585                    702
              Guarantee deposits for finance lease                                          326                    327
              Others                                                                      5,149                 10,137

              Total                                                                      47,967                 54,735



            (1)   Employee benefits payable

                                                                 01 January                                 31 December
                                                                       2019   Increase      Decrease               2019

                      Short-term employee benefits
                        — Salaries, bonuses and allowances           10,731     20,020        (20,597)           10,154
                        — Staff welfare fees                             —       2,169         (2,169)               —
                        — Social insurance(i) and
                             supplementary insurance                    86       1,282            (1,242)           126
                        — Housing fund                                 145       1,190            (1,175)           160
                        — Labour union fee, staff and
                             workers’ education fee                     21        627              (620)             28

                      Subtotal                                       10,983     25,288        (25,803)           10,468

                      Post-employment benefits-defined
                        contribution plans
                        — Basic pension insurance plans                 99       1,433            (1,414)           118
                        — Unemployment insurance                        19          53               (52)            20
                        — Annuity scheme                                29         977              (949)            57

                      Subtotal                                         147       2,463            (2,415)           195

                      Total                                          11,130     27,751        (28,218)           10,663
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2019    379




                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.30 Other liabilities (continued)

        (1)   Employee benefits payable (continued)

                                                                              01 January                                          31 December
                                                                                     2018         Increase         Decrease                2018


                    Short-term employee benefits
                      — Salaries, bonuses and allowances                           11,297            18,241           (18,807)         10,731
                      — Staff welfare fees                                              —             2,179             (2,179)              —
                      — Social insurance(i) and
                              supplementary insurance                                   57            1,336             (1,307)              86
                      — Housing fund                                                   126            1,129             (1,110)             145
                      — Labour union fee, staff and
                              workers’ education fee                                    24              584              (587)               21


                    Subtotal                                                       11,504            23,469           (23,990)         10,983


                    Post-employment benefits-defined
                      contribution plans
                      — Basic pension insurance plans                                   92            1,424             (1,417)              99
                      — Unemployment insurance                                          17                49               (47)              19
                      — Annuity scheme                                                  25              940              (936)               29


                    Subtotal                                                           134            2,413             (2,400)             147


                    Total                                                          11,638            25,882           (26,390)         11,130



              (i)           Social insurance includes medical insurance, maternity insurance and employment injury insurance.




        (2)   Other tax payable

                                                                                                     31 December                31 December
                                                                                                                 2019                   2018


                    Value added tax                                                                             3,255                  3,029
                    Others                                                                                      1,343                  1,361


                    Total                                                                                       4,598                  4,390
380      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5        Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

         5.31 Share capital and capital reserve

                                                                                                                 31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                                              2019                        2018


                     Ordinary shares listed in Chinese mainland (A shares)                                                   35,462                      35,462
                     Ordinary shares listed in Hong Kong (H shares)                                                           8,320                       8,320


                     Total shares                                                                                            43,782                      43,782



                    The Group’s capital reserve of RMB57,411 million as at 31 December 2019 (31 December
                    2018: RMB57,470 million), mainly represents capital premium.


                    All A shares and H shares are with no selling restrictions and rank pari passu with the
                    same rights and benefits.


         5.32 Preference shares

                    (1)   Outstanding preference shares at 31 December 2019

 Financial                                  Accounting Dividend                                    In original                              Conversion
 Instrument outstanding       Issue date classification    rate     Issue price         Amount      currency      In RMB         Maturity    condition Conversion
                                                                                  million shares


 Overseas Preference Shares   14/12/2016         Equity   4.95%    USD20/Share               72         1,439       9,933           None     Mandatory        No


 Total                                                                                                              9,933
 Less: Issue fees                                                                                                     (41)


 Book value                                                                                                         9,892


 Domestic Preference Shares   15/10/2019         Equity   4.38%   RMB100/Share              200       20,000       20,000           None     Mandatory        No


 Total                                                                                                             20,000
 Less: Issue fees                                                                                                     (25)


 Book value                                                                                                        19,975


 Total                                                                                                             29,867
                                                                                           Annual Report 2019   381




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.32 Preference shares (continued)

        (2)   Overseas Preference Shares Main Clauses

              (a)   Dividend

                    Fixed rate for a certain period after issuance. Dividend is reset every 5 years
                    thereafter to the sum of the benchmark rate and the fixed spread. The fixed
                    spread will be equal to the spread between the dividend rate at the time of
                    issuance and the benchmark rate. The fixed spread will remain unchanged
                    throughout the term of the Preference Shares. Dividends will be paid annually.


              (b)   Conditions to distribution of dividends

                    The Group could pay dividends while the Group still has distributable after-tax
                    profit after making up previous years’ losses, contributing to the statutory reserve
                    and making general provisions, and the Group’s capital adequacy ratio meets
                    regulatory requirements. Preference shareholders of the Group are senior to the
                    ordinary shareholders on the right to dividends. The Group may elect to cancel
                    any dividend, but such cancellation will require a shareholder’s resolution to be
                    passed.


              (c)   Dividend stopper

                    If the Group cancels all or part of the dividends to the Preference Shareholders,
                    the Group shall not make any dividend distribution to ordinary shareholders
                    before the Group pays the dividends for the current dividend period to the
                    Preference Shareholders in full.


              (d)   Order of distribution and liquidation method

                    This USD Preference Shareholders rank equally for payment. The Preference
                    Shareholders will be subordinated to the depositors, ordinary creditors,
                    holders of subordinated debt, holders of convertible bonds, holders of Tier 2
                    capital bonds, holders of Perpetual Bonds and holders of other Tier 2 capital
                    instruments of the Group, but will be senior to the ordinary shareholders.
382   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.32 Preference shares (continued)

            (2)   Overseas Preference Shares Main Clauses (continued)

                  (e)    Mandatory conversion trigger events

                         Upon the occurrence of an Additional Tier 1 Capital Trigger Event (Core Tier 1
                         Capital Adequacy Ratio of the Group falling to 5.125% or below), the Group shall
                         have the right to convert all or part of the Preference Shares into H shares, in
                         order to restore the Core Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio of the Group to above
                         5.125%; If Preference Shares were converted to H shares, it could not be
                         converted to Preference Shares again.


                         Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event (Earlier of the two
                         situations: (1) CBIRC has determined that the Group would become non-viable
                         if there is no conversion or write-down of capital; (2) the relevant authorities
                         have determined that a public sector injection of capital or equivalent support
                         is necessary, without which the Group would become non-viable), the Group
                         shall have the right to convert all Preference Shares into H shares. If Preference
                         Shares were converted to H shares, it could not be converted to Preference
                         Shares again.


                  (f)    Redemption

                         Under the premise of obtaining the approval of the CBIRC and condition of
                         redemption, the Group has right to redeem all or some of oversee preferred
                         stocks in first call date and subsequent any dividend payment date. The first
                         call date after issuance and subsequent any dividend payment date (redemption
                         price is equal to issue price plus accrued dividend in current period).


                         The First Redemption Date of USD Preference Shares is five years after
                         issuance.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   383




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.32 Preference shares (continued)

        (2)   Overseas Preference Shares Main Clauses (continued)

              (g)   Dividend setting mechanism

                    Non-cumulative dividend is a dividend on preference shares, which does not
                    cumulate upon omission of payment so as to require payment of a passed or
                    omitted dividend of one year out of earnings of a following year. After receiving
                    dividend at agreed dividend rate, preference shareholders of the Group will not
                    participate the distribution of residual profits with ordinary shareholders.


                    The Group shall distribute dividends for the Preference Shares in cash, based
                    on the total amount of the issued and outstanding Preference Shares on the
                    corresponding times (i.e. the product of the issue price of preference shares and
                    the number of the issued and outstanding preference shares).


        (3)   Domestic Preference Shares Main Clauses

              (a)   Dividend

                    The non-public offering of domestic preferred shares (the “Domestic Preference
                    Shares”) adopts the dividend rate that can be adjusted in stages, with 5 years as
                    a dividend rate adjustment period, and within a dividend rate adjustment period,
                    dividends are paid at the same dividend rate as agreed. The dividend rate for the
                    first dividend rate adjustment period will be determined by enquiry. The dividend
                    rate of the Domestic Preferred Shares issued this time shall not be higher than
                    the annual weighted average return on net assets of the Group in the last two
                    fiscal years. The nominal dividend rate includes two parts: the benchmark
                    interest rate and the fixed premium. The fixed premium is the dividend rate
                    determined at the time of issuance minus the benchmark interest rate at the time
                    of issuance. Dividends are paid annually.
384   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.32 Preference shares (continued)

            (3)   Domestic Preference Shares Main Clauses (continued)

                  (b)    Conditions to distribution of dividends

                         The Group could pay dividends while the Group still has distributable after-tax
                         profit after making up previous years’ losses, contributing to the statutory reserve
                         and making general provisions, and the Group’s capital adequacy ratio meets
                         regulatory requirements. Preference shareholders of the Group are senior to the
                         ordinary shareholders on the right to dividends. The Group may elect to cancel
                         any dividend, but such cancellation will require a shareholder’s resolution to be
                         passed and investors shall be informed in time.


                  (c)    Dividend stopper

                         The Group will not pay dividends to the common shareholders unless the Group
                         resolves to pay a full dividend on the current preferred shares.


                  (d)    Order of distribution and liquidation method

                         The Domestic Preferred Shareholders have priority over the ordinary
                         shareholders in the distribution of the group’s remaining property, but the order
                         of repayment is ranked after the depositors, general creditors and subordinated
                         debts (including but not limited to subordinated debts, mixed capital bonds and
                         secondary capital instruments).


                  (e)    Mandatory conversion trigger events

                         If the core tier one capital adequacy ratio of the Group falls to 5.125% (or below),
                         the Domestic Preferred Shares issued this time will be converted into A-share
                         common shares in full or in part, so as to restore the core tier one capital
                         adequacy ratio to more than 5.125%. In the case of partial conversion, all the
                         Domestic Preferred Shares issued this time shall be converted to shares on the
                         same conditions in proportion.


                         When the earlier of the following two situations occurs, the Domestic Preferred
                         Shares issued this time will be converted into A-share common shares in full: 1)
                         CBIRC determines that the group will not survive without the conversion; 2) the
                         relevant departments determine that the Group will not survive without the public
                         sector’s capital injection or the support of the same effect.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2019   385




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.32 Preference shares (continued)

        (3)   Domestic Preference Shares Main Clauses (continued)

              (f)   Redemption

                    With the prior approval of CBIRC, the Group may exercise the right of
                    redemption under the following circumstances: (1) use the same or higher
                    quality capital instruments to replace the redeemed Domestic Preferred Shares,
                    and the Group’s income ability is sustainable; (2) or the capital level after the
                    exercise of the right of redemption is still significantly higher than the regulatory
                    capital requirements specified by the banking regulatory authority under the
                    State Council. The redemption price is the sum of the nominal amount and the
                    dividend that has been resolved to be paid but has not been paid in the current
                    period.


                    The Group has the right to redeem all or part of the Domestic Preferred Shares
                    issued this time from the later 5 years of the Issuance Date (i.e. 15 October
                    2019) to the date of full conversion or full redemption.


              (g)   Dividend setting mechanism

                    Non-cumulative dividend is a dividend on preference shares, which does not
                    cumulate upon omission of payment so as to require payment of a passed or
                    omitted dividend of one year out of earnings of a following year. After receiving
                    dividend at agreed dividend rate, preference shareholders of the Group will not
                    participate the distribution of residual profits with ordinary shareholders. The
                    Domestic Preferred Shares holders are prioritised on dividend distribution over
                    common shareholders.


                    The dividend of the Domestic Preferred Shares issued this time shall be paid in
                    cash once a year. The interest starting date is the payment deadline of preferred
                    stock investors (18 October 2019). The dividend payment day shall be the day
                    of every full year since the deadline for payment of preferred stock investors. In
                    case of any legal holiday or rest day in China, it shall be postponed to the next
                    trading day, and the dividend payable during the extended period shall not be
                    charged with additional interest.
386      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5       Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

        5.33 Perpetual Bonds

                    (1)   Outstanding Perpetual Bonds at 31 December 2019

 Financial                               Accounting Dividend                                     In original                         Conversion
 Instrument outstanding     Issue date classification    rate     Issue price         Amount      currency     In RMB     Maturity    condition Conversion
                                                                                million shares

 Perpetual Bonds            30/05/2019       Equity    4.85%    100RMB/Share              400       40,000     40,000        None           No         No

 Total                                                                                                         40,000
 Less: Issue fees                                                                                                   (7)

 Book value                                                                                                    39,993



                    (2)   Main Clauses

                          (a)   Principal Amount

                                RMB40 billion.


                          (b)   Maturity Date

                                The Notes will continue to be outstanding so long as the Issuer’s business
                                continues to operate.


                          (c)   Distribution Rate

                                The Distribution Rate of the Notes will be adjusted at defined intervals, with a
                                Distribution Rate Adjustment Period every 5 years since the Payment Settlement
                                Date. In any Distribution Rate Adjusted Period, the Distribution Payments on the
                                Notes will be made at a prescribed fixed Distribution Rate. The Distribution Rate at
                                the time of issuance will be determined by book running and centralised allocation.


                                The Distribution Rate is determined by a benchmark rate plus a fixed spread. The
                                benchmark rate is the arithmetic average of the yields to maturity of 5 trading days
                                prior to the Announcement Date of the Subscription Agreement, as indicated by
                                the yield to maturity curve of applicable 5-year China Treasury Notes (rounded
                                up to 0.01%) published on www.ChinaBond.com.cn (or other websites approved
                                by the China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd.). The fixed spread is the
                                difference between the Distribution Rate and the benchmark rate as determined at
                                the time of issuance. The fixed spread will not be adjusted once determined.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2019   387




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                         (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.33 Perpetual Bonds (continued)

        (2)   Main Clauses (continued)

              (d)   Conditional Redemption Rights of the Issuer

                    The Note Issuance sets conditional Redemption Rights for the Issuer. From the
                    fifth anniversary since the Issuance of the Notes, the Issuer may redeem the
                    Notes in whole or in part on each Distribution Payment Date (including the fifth
                    Distribution Payment Date since the Issuance). If, after the Issuance, the Notes
                    no longer qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital as a result of an unforeseeable
                    change or amendment to relevant provisions of supervisory regulations, the
                    Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the Notes.


              (e)   Subordination

                    The claims in respect of the Notes, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer,
                    will be subordinated to claims of depositors, general creditors, and subordinated
                    indebtedness that ranks senior to the Notes; will rank in priority to all classes of
                    shares held by the Issuer’s shareholders and rank pari passu with the claims in
                    respect of any other Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments of the Issuer that rank
                    pari passu with the Notes. If subsequent amendments to the PRC Enterprise
                    Bankruptcy Law or relevant regulations are applicable, such relevant laws and
                    regulations shall prevail.


              (f)   Distribution Payment

                    The Issuer shall have the right to cancel, in whole or in part, distributions on the
                    Notes and any such cancellation shall not constitute an event of default. When
                    exercising such right, the Issuer will take into full consideration the interest of the
                    Noteholders. The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, use the proceeds from the
                    cancelled distributions to meet other obligations as they fall due. Cancellation
                    of any distributions on the Notes, no matter in whole or in part, will not impose
                    any other restriction on the Issuer, except in relation to dividend distributions
                    to ordinary shares. Any cancellation of any distribution on the Notes, no matter
                    in whole or in part, will require the deliberation and approval of the general
                    shareholders meeting. And the Issuer shall give notice to the investors on such
                    cancellation in a timely manner.


                    The Notes do not have any step-up mechanism or any other incentive to
                    redeem.
388   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.33 Perpetual Bonds (continued)

            (2)   Main Clauses (continued)

                  (g)    Put Option

                         Put Option is not applicable.


      5.34 Surplus reserve, general reserve and retained earnings

            (1)   Surplus reserve

                  Under the PRC laws, Articles of the Bank and the resolution of the Board of Directors,
                  the Bank is required to appropriate 10% of its net profit, when the statutory surplus
                  reserve reaches 50% of its registered capital, the Bank is still required to appropriate
                  10% of its net profit. Subject to the approval of the equity shareholders, the statutory
                  surplus reserve can be used for replenishing the accumulated losses or increasing
                  the Bank’s share capital. The statutory surplus reserve amount used to increase the
                  share capital is limited to a level where the balance of the statutory surplus reserve
                  after such capitalisation is not less than 25% of the share capital.


                  The Bank appropriated RMB5,251 million statutory surplus reserve for the year ended
                  31 December 2019 (for the year ended 31 December 2018: RMB4,997 million).


            (2)   General reserve

                  Pursuant to the Measures for Managing the Appropriation of Provisions of Financial
                  Enterprises (Cai Jin [2012] No. 20) issued by the MOF, the Bank is required to provide
                  for impairment losses of its assets and set aside a general reserve through the
                  appropriation of net profits to cover potential losses against its assets. The general
                  reserve is part of the equity shareholders’ interests and should not be less than 1.5%
                  of the year-end balance of risk-bearing assets.


                  The Bank’s subsidiaries appropriate their profits to the general reserve according to
                  the applicable local regulations.


                  The Bank appropriated RMB7,095 million of profits to the general reserve for the year
                  ended 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018 did not appropriate).
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   389




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.34 Surplus reserve, general reserve and retained earnings (continued)

        (3)   Retained earnings

              As at 31 December 2019, the retained earnings included the statutory surplus reserve
              of RMB589 million contributed by the subsidiaries and attributable to the Bank (31
              December 2018: RMB561 million).


    5.35 Non-controlling interests

        As at 31 December 2019, the non-controlling interests in the subsidiaries are RMB11,984
        million (31 December 2018: RMB10,927 million).


    5.36 Dividends

        (1)   Dividends for Ordinary Shares

              The Board of Directors proposed the profit distribution plan for 2019 in the Meeting
              held on 30 March 2020. The cash dividends declared is RMB3.70 (before tax) for
              every 10 shares, amounting to a total dividend of RMB16,199 million, it is still subject
              to shareholders’ approval.


              The shareholders approved the cash dividend distribution plan for 2018 at the Annual
              General Meeting on 21 June 2019. The cash dividend declared was RMB3.45 (before
              tax) for every 10 shares. A total dividend of RMB15,105 million was based on total
              number of shares of 43,782 million as at 31 December 2018.


              The shareholders approved the cash dividend distribution plan for the second half
              of 2017 and the capital reserve conversion plan at the Annual General Meeting on
              21 June 2018. The cash dividend declared was RMB0.90 (before tax) for every 10
              shares, amounting to a total dividend of RMB3,284 million based on total number
              of shares of 36,485 million as at 31 December 2017. And the Bank converted
              capital reserve to share capital on the basis of 2 shares for every 10 shares to all
              shareholders, the total number of shares increased accordingly was 7,297 million
              shares.
390   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.36 Dividends (continued)

            (1)    Dividends for Ordinary Shares (continued)

                   The shareholders approved the profit distribution plan for the first half of 2017 in the
                   Meeting held on 28 August 2017. The cash dividends declared was RMB1.20 (before
                   tax) for every 10 shares, amounting to a total dividend of RMB4,378 million.


                   The shareholders approved the cash dividend distribution plan for the second half of
                   2016 at the Annual General Meeting on 16 June 2017. The cash dividend declared
                   was RMB1.65 (before tax) for every 10 shares, amounting to a total dividend of
                   RMB6,020 million.


            (2)    Dividends for Preference Shares

                   According to the resolution on the distribution of dividends for overseas preference
                   shares passed at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on 30 October 2019, dividend
                   to be distributed amounts to RMB558 million (including tax), calculated at the initial
                   annual pay-out ratio of 4.95% (after tax) before the first reset date pursuant to the
                   terms and conditions of overseas preference shares. The dividend payment date was
                   16 December 2019.


      5.37 Investment revaluation reserve and cash flow hedging reserve

            Investment revaluation reserve and cash flow hedging reserve attributable to equity holders
            of the Bank in the consolidated statement of financial position:


                                                               Investment       Cash flow
                                                               revaluation        hedging
                                                                   reserve        reserve           Total


              As at 1 January 2019                                   1,133             23           1,156
              Net changes in amount for the period                     686             (26)           660
              Retained earnings convert from
                  investment revaluation reserve                         3              —               3


              As at 31 December 2019                                 1,822              (3)         1,819
                                                                                              Annual Report 2019   391




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                           (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.37 Investment revaluation reserve and cash flow hedging reserve (continued)

                                                                Investment            Cash flow
                                                                revaluation            hedging
                                                                       reserve          reserve                Total


         As at 31 December 2017                                         (4,757)                 (3)           (4,760)
         Changes in accounting policies                                  1,489                 —               1,489


         As at 1 January 2018                                           (3,268)                 (3)           (3,271)
         Net changes in amount for the period                            4,401                26               4,427


         As at 31 December 2018                                          1,133                23               1,156



    5.38 Notes to the consolidated cash flow statement

        (1)   Cash and cash equivalents

              Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows consist of the
              following:


                                                                                  31 December         31 December
                                                                                         2019                  2018


               Cash (Note 5.10)                                                         5,762                  6,984
               Surplus deposit reserve with central bank (Note 5.10)                   41,921                45,814
               Original maturity within 3 months:
                 — Balances with banks and other financial institutions                44,764                40,527
                 — Placements with banks and other financial institutions              52,203                44,701


               Total                                                                  144,650               138,026
392   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.38 Notes to the consolidated cash flow statement (continued)

            (2)	Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing
                 activities

                                                                          Liabilities                   Equity
                                                                                   Interest
                                                                                   payable
                                                                         Debt      on debt                        Non-
                                                                    securities   securities      Retained controlling
                                                                       issued           issued     profits   interests        Total
                                                           Note 5          29              29        34.3           35


                    Balance as at 1 January 2019                      670,357            4,166    193,131        10,927    878,581


                    Cash flows from financing activities
                    Proceeds from issue of
                      debt securities                                 935,433               —          —             —     935,433
                    Interests paid on debt securities
                      issued                                               —        (12,770)           —             —      (12,770)
                    Repayments of debt securities
                      issued                                         (805,232)              —          —             —     (805,232)
                    Dividends paid                                         —                —     (15,174)           —      (15,174)


                    Net cash flows from financing
                      activities                                      130,201       (12,770)      (15,174)           —     102,257


                    Total of other liability changes                   12,361           12,910         —             —      25,271
                    Total of other equity changes                          —                —      40,789         1,057     41,846


                    Balance as at 31 December 2019                    812,919            4,306    218,746        11,984   1,047,955
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2019     393




                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                   (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5   Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

    5.38 Notes to the consolidated cash flow statement (continued)

        (2)	Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing
             activities (continued)

                                                                   Liabilities                   Equity
                                                                             Interest
                                                                             payable
                                                                  Debt       on debt                       Non-
                                                             securities    securities     Retained controlling
                                                                issued           issued     profits   interests            Total
                                                    Note 5          29              29        34.3           35


             Balance as at 1 January 2018                      501,927            3,789    151,893        10,694     668,303


             Cash flows from financing activities
             Proceeds from issue of
               debt securities                               1,167,503               —          —             —    1,167,503
             Interests paid on debt securities
               issued                                                —       (19,305)           —             —       (19,305)
             Repayments of debt securities
               issued                                        (1,003,023)             —          —             —    (1,003,023)
             Dividends paid                                          —               —      (3,863)           —        (3,863)
             Capital paid by non-controlling
               parties                                               —               —          —           181             181


             Net cash flows from financing
               activities                                      164,480       (19,305)       (3,863)         181      141,493


             Total of other liability changes                    3,950           19,682         —             —       23,632
             Total of other equity changes                           —               —      45,101           52       45,153


             Balance as at 31 December 2018                    670,357            4,166    193,131        10,927     878,581
394   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

5     Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

      5.39 Transferred financial assets

            The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business whereby it transfers
            recognised financial assets to third parties or to structured entities. In some cases these
            transfers may give rise to full or partial de-recognition of the financial assets concerned. In
            other cases where the transferred assets do not qualify for de-recognition as the Group
            retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these assets, the Group continues to
            recognise the transferred assets.


            (1)   Securitization transactions

                  The Group enters into securitization transactions by which it transfers loans to
                  structured entities which issue asset-backed securities to investors. The Group
                  assessed among other factors, whether or not to derecognise the transferred assets
                  by evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the assets and
                  whether it has relinquished control over these assets.


                  During the period ended 31 December 2019, securitisation transactions of
                  RMB19,980 million were transferred by the Group (During the period ended 31
                  December 2018: RMB32,449 million). These transactions were all qualified for full de-
                  recognition concluded by the Group.


            (2)   Transfer of non-performing loans

                  During the period ended 31 December 2019, the Group transferred non-performing
                  loans through disposal to third parties, with gross loan balance of RMB21,257 million
                  (During the period ended 31 December 2018: RMB35,319 million). The Group carried
                  out an assessment and concluded that these transferred assets qualified for full de-
                  recognition.


            (3)   Securities lending transactions

                  For debt securities lent to counterparties under securities lending agreements, the
                  counterparties are allowed to sell or re-pledge these securities in the absence of
                  default by the Group, but have an obligation to return the securities at the maturity
                  of the contract. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the risks
                  and rewards of these securities and therefore has not derecognised them. As at 31
                  December 2019, the carrying amount of debt securities lent to counterparties was
                  RMB3,425 million (31 December 2018: Nil).
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2019    395




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

6   Contingent liabilities and commitments

    6.1 Credit commitments

        Credit commitments take the form of approved loans with signed contracts, credit
        card limits, financial guarantees and letters of credit. The Group regularly assesses the
        contingent losses of its credit commitments and makes allowances where necessary.


        The contractual amounts of loans and credit card commitments represent the cash
        outflows should the contracts be fully drawn upon. The amounts of guarantees and letters
        of credit represent the maximum potential loss that would be recognised if counterparties
        fail to fully perform as contracted. Acceptances comprise undertakings by the Group to
        pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The Group expects most acceptances to be
        settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the customers.


        As the credit facilities may expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts set out
        in the following table do not represent expected future cash outflows.


                                                                                 31 December            31 December
                                                                                            2019                  2018


         Bank acceptances                                                               542,571                518,408
         Guarantees                                                                     159,266                136,864
         Letters of credit                                                              136,952                113,207
         Unused credit card commitments                                                 440,038                231,054
         Finance lease commitments                                                           689                  3,193
         Irrevocable loan commitments
           — original maturity date within 1 year                                          9,139                      726
           — original maturity date over 1 year (inclusive)                               36,771                  3,262


         Total                                                                        1,325,426              1,006,714



        The movements of credit loss of off-balance-sheet assets are set out in Note 5.28.


                                                                                 31 December            31 December
                                                                                            2019                  2018


         Credit risk weighted amounts of credit commitments                             359,161                432,578
396   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

6     Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)

      6.2 Capital commitments

                                                                           31 December    31 December
                                                                                  2019            2018


              Contracted but not paid for                                        1,020          18,400



      6.3 Collateral

            (1)   Assets pledged

                  At the end of each reporting period, the carrying amounts of assets pledged as
                  collateral under borrowings from banks and other financial institutions and repurchase
                  agreements as follows:


                                                                           31 December    31 December
                                                                                  2019            2018


                    Financial investments                                       58,533          55,195
                    Loans
                       — discounted bills                                       42,905          33,399
                    Finance lease receivables                                   15,326          15,782
                    Property and equipment                                      15,172          15,272
                    Balances with banks and other financial institutions           306             414
                    Others                                                       1,209           1,844


                    Total                                                      133,451         121,906



            (2)   Collateral accepted

                  The Group received debt securities and bills as collateral in connection with the
                  purchase of assets under resale agreements and securities lending transactions. The
                  Group did not hold any collateral that can be resold or re-pledged as at 31 December
                  2019 and as at 31 December 2018.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   397




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                    (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

6   Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)

    6.4 Underwriting of securities

                                                                       31 December            31 December
                                                                                  2019                  2018


         Medium and short-term finance bills                                  260,315                205,209



    6.5 Redemption commitments

        As an underwriting agent of certificated PRC government bonds, the Bank has the
        obligation to buy back those bonds sold by it should the holders decide to redeem the
        bonds early. The redemption price for the bonds at any time before their maturity date is
        based on the coupon value plus any interest unpaid and accrued up to the redemption
        date. The amount of redemption obligation, which represents the nominal value of
        government bonds underwritten and sold by the Bank, but not yet matured as at 31
        December 2019 was RMB2,239 million (31 December 2018: RMB2,779 million). The
        original maturities of the bonds vary from one to five years.


    6.6 Outstanding litigation

        A number of outstanding litigation matters against the Group had arisen in the normal
        course of its business as at 31 December 2019. With consideration of the professional
        advice, the Group’s management accrued provisions for these litigation matters.


7   Interests in structured entities

    7.1 Consolidated structured entities

        Consolidated structured entities are mainly principal guaranteed wealth management
        products sponsored and managed by the Group represent products to which the Group
        has guaranteed the investor’s principal investment, regardless of their actual performance.
        Investments made by these products and the corresponding liabilities to the investors of
        these products are presented in financial assets at fair value through profit and loss and
        deposits from customers, respectively.
398   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

7     Interests in structured entities (continued)

      7.2 Unconsolidated structured entities

            (1)	Structured entities sponsored by third party institutions in which the Group holds
                 an interest

                  Structured entities sponsored by third party institutions include asset-backed
                  securities, wealth management products, asset management plans, trust beneficiary
                  plans, funds and others and the Group does not consolidate these structured
                  entities. The Group has no obligation or intention to provide financial support to these
                  structured entities, and records interest income, net trading gain and net gain from
                  investment securities therefrom.


                  The following tables set out an analysis of the line items in the statement of financial
                  position in which assets are recognised relating to the Group’s interests in structured
                  entities sponsored by third parties:


                                                                             31 December 2019
                                                                                              Financial

                                                          Financial          Financial          assets
                                                             assets             assets     at fair value
                                                      at fair value         measured      through other
                                                            through      at amortised    comprehensive
                                                    profit and loss               cost          income       Total

                    Asset-backed securities                      2,083        115,332          121,054     238,469
                    Wealth management
                      products                                 178,201             —                 —     178,201
                    Asset management plans                      84,001         61,073                —     145,074
                    Trust beneficiary plans                         —         142,756                —     142,756
                    Funds                                      125,798             —                 —     125,798
                    Others                                       3,280             —                 —       3,280

                    Total                                      393,363        319,161          121,054     833,578
                                                                                            Annual Report 2019   399




                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                         (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

7   Interests in structured entities (continued)

    7.2 Unconsolidated structured entities (continued)

        (1)	Structured entities sponsored by third party institutions in which the Group holds
             an interest (continued)

                                                                 31 December 2018
                                                                                      Financial

                                             Financial         Financial                 assets
                                                assets            assets          at fair value
                                         at fair value        measured          through other
                                              through      at amortised       comprehensive
                                       profit and loss              cost                income               Total

             Asset management plans          160,391              145,771                   —             306,162
             Asset-backed securities           4,864                6,695              130,165            141,724
             Trust beneficiary plans              —               111,223                   —             111,223
             Wealth management
               products                        58,871                    —                    —            58,871
             Funds                             56,859                    —                    —            56,859
             Others                               165                    —                    —               165

             Total                           281,150              263,689              130,165            675,004



            The maximum exposures to loss in the above asset-backed securities, wealth
            management products, asset management plans, trust beneficiary plans, funds and
            others are the amortised cost or fair value of the assets held by the Group at the
            reporting date in accordance with the line items of these assets recognised in the
            statement of financial positions.


        (2)	Structured entities sponsored and/or managed by the Group which the Group
             does not consolidate but holds an interest

            Unconsolidated structured entities primarily include non-principal-guaranteed wealth
            management products, funds, asset management plans and trust beneficiary
            plans sponsored and/or managed by the Group. The nature and purpose of these
            structured entities are to generate fees from managing assets on behalf of investors.
            Interests held by the Group are mainly fees charged by providing management
            services. The Group has no obligation or intention to provide financial support to
            these structured entities.
400   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

7     Interests in structured entities (continued)

      7.2 Unconsolidated structured entities (continued)

            (2)	Structured entities sponsored and/or managed by the Group which the Group
                 does not consolidate but holds an interest (continued)

                  As at 31 December 2019, the balance of products held by the unconsolidated non-
                  principal-guaranteed wealth management products, funds, asset management plans
                  and trust beneficiary plans, which are sponsored and/or managed by the Group, are
                  RMB894,098 million (31 December 2018: RMB850,704 million) and RMB291,533
                  million (31 December 2018: RMB446,314 million), respectively.


                  For the year ended 31 December 2019, the amount of fee and commission income
                  received from the abovementioned structured entities by the Group is RMB5,159
                  million (For the year ended 31 December 2018: RMB9,258 million). As at 31
                  December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the carrying amounts of management fee
                  receivables being recognised are not material in the statement of financial positions.


8     Fiduciary activities

      The Group commonly acts as a trustee, or in other fiduciary capacities, that result in its holding
      or managing assets on behalf of individuals, trusts and other institutions. These assets and any
      gains or losses arising thereon are not included in these financial statements as they are not the
      Group’s assets.


      The balance of investment fund under custodian by the Group was RMB625,566 million as
      at 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: RMB527,521 million). The balance of corporate
      annuity funds under custodian by the Group was RMB587,766 million as at 31 December 2019
      (31 December 2018: RMB243,990 million). And the Group’s balances of entrusted loans were
      RMB224,853 million as at 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: RMB281,073 million).
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019   401




                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9   Related parties

    9.1 Related parties

        (1) Related parties of the Group refer to entities controlled, or jointly controlled by or
            under significant influence of the Group; entities that control, jointly control or have
            significant influence over the Group; or entities with which the Group is under control,
            or joint control of another party. Related parties can be individuals or enterprises.
            Related parties that have significant influence on the Group include: members of the
            Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and Senior Management, and close
            family members of such individuals; entities (and their subsidiaries) controlled or
            jointly controlled by members of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors
            and Senior Management, and close family members of such individuals; major
            shareholders with the power to influence the Bank’s operating or financial policies,
            and entities controlled or jointly controlled by these major shareholders.
402   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9     Related parties (continued)

      9.1 Related parties (continued)

            (2)   The Bank’s major shareholders

                                                                              31 December 2019            31 December 2018
                                                                          No. of Shares Proportion    No. of Shares Proportion
                                                                           of the Bank of the Bank     of the Bank of the Bank
                                                                            held by the held by the     held by the held by the
                                                         Registered           Company Company             Company Company                                                    Legal
                        Company name                       location         (per share)         (%)     (per share)         (%)       Business            Legal form representative
                                                                                                                                            (a)

                        Dajia Life Insurance Inc. (i)          Beijing    7,810,214,889       17.84   7,352,284,689       16.79      Insurance      Joint stock limited He Xiaofeng
                                                                                                                                      business               company
                        Huaxia Life Insurance                  Tianjin    1,375,763,341        3.14   2,148,793,436        4.91      Insurance      Joint stock limited       Li Fei
                          Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   business               company
                        Oriental Group Co., Ltd.         Heilongjiang     1,280,117,123        2.92   1,280,117,123        2.92     Wholesaling     Joint stock limited Sun Mingtao
                                                                                                                                                             company
                        Orient Group Incorporation             Beijing      35,000,000         0.08     35,000,000         0.08     Commercial       Limited company Zhang Hongwei
                                                                                                                                         service
                        China Oceanwide Holdings               Beijing    2,019,182,618        4.61   2,019,182,618        4.61     Commercial      Joint stock limited    Lu Zhiqiang
                          Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                                service             company
                        Oceanwide International          British Virgin    604,300,950         1.38    604,300,950         1.38      Investment      Limited company           (Note ii)
                          Equity Investment Limited            Islands                                                                   holding
                        China Oceanwide                   Hong Kong          8,237,520         0.02      8,236,920         0.02      Investment      Limited company           (Note ii)
                          International Investment                                                                                       holding
                          Company Limited
                        Long Prosper Capital             British Virgin    408,000,000         0.93    408,000,000         0.93      Investment      Limited company           (Note ii)
                          Company Limited                      Islands                                                                   holding
                        New Hope Liuhe                          Lhasa     1,828,327,362        4.18   1,828,327,362        4.18     Commercial       Limited company      Wang Pusong
                          Investment Co., Ltd.                                                                                           service
                        South Hope Industrial                   Lhasa      102,387,827         0.23    102,387,827         0.23         Retailing    Limited company       Li Jianxiong
                          Co., Ltd.
                        Shanghai Giant Lifetech             Shanghai      1,379,679,587        3.15   1,379,679,587        3.15         Retailing    Limited company          Wei Wei
                          Co., Ltd.
                        China Shipowners Mutual             Shanghai      1,324,284,453        3.02   1,314,284,476        3.00       Insurance        National Social Song Chunfeng
                          Assurance Association                                                                                        business                groups
                        Tsinghua Tongfang                 Chongqing       1,865,558,336        4.26    737,918,456         1.69   Capital market     Limited company        Liu Qinqin
                          Guoxin Investment                                                                                               service
                          Holding Co., Ltd.
                        Chongqing International           Chongqing        139,863,786         0.32    135,910,661         0.31   Trust business    Joint stock limited   Weng Zhenjie
                          Trust Company Limited                                                                                                              company
                        Good First Group Co., Ltd.          Shanghai       544,300,026         1.24    594,300,026         1.36   Research and       Limited company            Wu Di
                                                                                                                                   experimental
                                                                                                                                   development
                        Chongqing Guotou Equity           Chongqing                  —           —     462,141,259         1.06     Commercial       Limited company        Yu Xiaohua
                          Investment Management                                                                                          service
                          Co., Ltd.
                        Anbang Property &                  Shenzhen                  —           —     457,930,200         1.05        Insurance    Joint stock limited    He Xiaofeng
                          Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd.                                                                                  business             company



                  (i)           At 28 Aug 2019, Anbang Life Insurance Inc. renamed to Dajia Life Insurance Inc. after CBIRC’s approval, its controlling
                                shareholder changes from Anbang Insurance Inc. to Dajia Insurance Inc.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   403




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9   Related parties (continued)

    9.1 Related parties (continued)

        (2)   The Bank’s major shareholders (continued)

              (a)   Particulars of principal operations

                    Dajia Insurance Inc.: Various life insurance businesses such as life insurance,
                    health insurance and accidental injury insurance, reinsurance business of the
                    above insurance businesses, insurance fund application business permitted
                    under the PRC laws and regulations, and other businesses approved by the
                    former CIRC.


                    Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.: Various life insurance businesses such as life
                    insurance, health insurance and accidental injury insurance businesses, related
                    reinsurance businesses of the above insurances, funds application businesses
                    permitted under the PRC laws and regulations, and other businesses approved
                    by the former CIRC.


                    Orient Group Incorporation: Investments in modern agriculture and healthy food
                    industry, new urbanisation and development, financial industry and ports.


                    Oriental Group Co., Ltd.: Project investment, investment management, real
                    estate development, import and export agency, import and export of goods,
                    economic and trade consultation.


                    China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd.: Finance, real property and
                    investment management.


                    New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.: Venture capital, investment management,
                    finance consultancy, wealth management advisory, corporate reorganisation
                    consultancy, market research, credit investigation, technology development and
                    transfer, technology consultancy services, etc.
404   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9     Related parties (continued)

      9.1 Related parties (continued)

            (2)   The Bank’s major shareholders (continued)

                  (a)    Particulars of principal operations (continued)

                         South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd.: Research and development, wholesale and retail
                         of feeds, electronic products, hardware and electrical appliances, daily sundry
                         goods, textiles, office equipment (excluding colour copier), building materials
                         (excluding hazardous chemicals and wood materials), agricultural by-products
                         and special products (excluding products specified by the government), chemical
                         products (excluding hazardous chemicals), mechanical equipment, investment
                         and consultancy services (excluding intermediary services).


                         Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.: Manufacturing and sales of food (through
                         its subsidiaries), sales of cosmetics, cleaning products, healthcare equipment
                         and kitchenware, technical development, consultancy, services and transfer
                         in healthcare food aspect, back-to-back wholesale of pre-packaged food
                         (excluding cooked or braised and refrigerated or frozen food), investment
                         management, asset management, investment consultancy, business information
                         consultancy and business management consultancy.


                         China Shipowners Mutual Assurance Association: Marine mutual assurance,
                         business training, marine information exchange, international cooperation and
                         consultancy service.


                         Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin Investment Holding Co., Ltd.: Making investments
                         with its own fund (accepting public deposits or accepting public deposits in
                         any disguised form, granting loans and conducting securities, futures and other
                         financial business are not allowed); providing its associated companies with
                         consultancy services, including market information, in respect of markets in
                         which they invested; providing planning and consultancy services in relation
                         to corporate reorganisation, merger and acquisition; and providing corporate
                         management services. (Businesses that require pre-approvals according to laws
                         shall only be conducted after obtaining approvals from the relevant authorities).
                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   405




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9   Related parties (continued)

    9.1 Related parties (continued)

        (2)   The Bank’s major shareholders (continued)

              (a)   Particulars of principal operations (continued)

                    Chongqing International Trust Co. Ltd.: Fund trust, movable property trust, real
                    estate trust, securities trust, other property or property rights trust; engaging
                    in investment fund business as the sponsor of an investment fund or fund
                    management company; operating enterprise assets restructuring, purchase
                    and merger, project financing, corporate finance, financial advisory business;
                    entrusting to conduct securities underwriting business approved by relevant
                    departments under the state council; handling brokerage, consulting, credit
                    investigation and other business; acting custody and safe deposit box business;
                    using of inherent property by means of depositing, dismantling, lending, leasing
                    and investment; providing security for others with inherent property; engaging
                    in inter-bank lending; other businesses stipulated by laws and regulations or
                    approved by the China banking and insurance regulatory commission (the above
                    business scope includes local and foreign currency businesses).


                    Good First Group Co., Ltd.: Research, development and sale of high-tech
                    products; industrial investment; investments in the education, agriculture,
                    secondary industry and entertainment industry and healthcare products; sale of
                    photographic equipment and new construction materials; wholesale and retail of
                    chemicals (excluding hazardous chemicals and chemicals subject to supervision
                    and control), textiles, hardware and electrical appliances, commodities, metal
                    materials, construction materials, automobiles (excluding passenger cars) and
                    parts, general machinery, electronic products and telecommunication devices
                    and mineral products as approved by the country.
406   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9     Related parties (continued)

      9.1 Related parties (continued)

            (2)   The Bank’s major shareholders (continued)

                  (b) The Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited, China Oceanwide
                      International Investment Company Limited and Long Prosper Capital Company
                      Limited are registered overseas, all the above companies are ultimately
                      controlled by Lu Zhiqiang.


                         The information of registered capital of the related parties as at the end of the
                         reporting period is as below:


                          Company name                                    31 December 2019    31 December 2018


                          Dajia Life Insurance Inc.                       RMB30,790 million   RMB30,790 million
                          Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.                 RMB15,300 million   RMB15,300 million
                          Orient Group Incorporation                       RMB3,715 million    RMB3,715 million
                          Oriental Group Co., Ltd.                         RMB1,000 million    RMB1,000 million
                          China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd.        RMB20,000 million   RMB20,000 million
                          Oceanwide International Equity                    USD0.05 million     USD0.05 million
                          China Oceanwide International                    HKD1,548 million    HKD1,548 million
                          Long Prosper Capital Company Limited              USD0.05 million     USD0.05 million
                          New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.               RMB577 million      RMB577 million
                          South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd.                  RMB1,034 million     RMB884 million
                          Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.                 RMB245 million      RMB245 million
                          China Shipowners Mutual Assurance Association     RMB0.10 million     RMB0.10 million
                          Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin Investment
                             Holding Co., Ltd.                             RMB2,574 million    RMB2,574 million
                          Chongqing International Trust Co. Ltd.          RMB15,000 million   RMB15,000 million
                          Good First Group Co., Ltd.                        RMB133 million      RMB133 million



            (3) The detailed information of the Bank’s subsidiaries is set out in Note 5.21.
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2019     407




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9   Related parties (continued)

    9.2 Related party transactions

        (1)   Pricing policy

              Transactions between the Group and related parties are conducted in the normal
              course of its business and under normal commercial terms. The pricing policies are
              no more favourable than those offered to independent third parties.


        (2)   Loans to related parties

              Balances outstanding as at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                  Types of                   31 December       31 December
                                                                                  collateral                        2019              2018


               Anbang Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd.                     Pledged                          18,000                  —
               Shanghai Zhunji Business Consulting Partnership (LP)               Pledged & Guaranteed              7,516               7,536
               Chongqing Cibi Business Information Consulting Co. Ltd. (i)        Pledged & Guaranteed              6,619                 N/A
               China Oceanwide Holdings Group                                     Pledged                           4,275                  —
               Oceanwide Holding Co., Ltd.                                        Guaranteed                        4,100               2,325
                                                                                  Pledged                           2,400                  —
               Wuhan Centre Building Development Investment Co., Ltd.             Collateralised                    3,974               3,984
               United Energy Group (Hong Kong) Limited.                           Pledged & Guaranteed              3,838                  —
               Beijing Oceanwide Dongfeng Real Estate Co., Ltd.                   Collateralised                    3,675               4,310
               Beijing Changrong Bank Investment Management Co., Ltd. (i)(ii)     Pledged                           3,000                 N/A
               Orient Group Incorporation                                         Collateralised                    2,585               2,604
               Chengdu Hengjilong Real Estate Co., Ltd                            Collateralised                    1,550               1,503
               Oriental Group Co., Ltd.                                           Pledged                             798                 300
                                                                                  Guaranteed                          500                  —
               Xiamen Rongyin Co., Ltd.                                           Pledged                             786                 488
                                                                                  Collateralised                       91                 220
               China Tonghai International Financial Limited                      Guaranteed                          717                 877
               Chongqing Yujinyue Real Estate Development Co., Ltd                Collateralised                      700                  —
               SHR FSST, LLC                                                      Collateralised                      698                 688
               Tianjin Haihui Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                   Collateralised                      680                  60
               Xiamen Jingding Sports Culture Development Co., Ltd.               Collateralised                      560                 621
               Zhangzhou Tangcheng Real Estate Co., Ltd                           Collateralised                      436                  —
               Alxa Fengwei Photoelectric Co., Ltd.                               Pledged                             333                 371
                                                                                  Guaranteed                           96                 148
               Giant Network Group Co. Ltd.                                       Guaranteed                          387                  —
               Shanghai Jianjiu Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                           Guaranteed                          350                 351
               Xiamen Dazu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                      Collateralised                      350                 401
               Sichuan Guida Industrial Co., Ltd.                                 Collateralised                      280                 451
408   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9     Related parties (continued)

      9.2 Related party transactions (continued)

            (2)   Loans to related parties (continued)

                                                                                        Types of                        31 December     31 December
                                                                                        collateral                             2019            2018


                        Sichuan Hope Education Industry Group Co. Ltd.                 Pledged                                   250               —
                        Shanghai Gold Partner Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                  Guaranteed                                150              150
                        Sichuan Special Drive Education Management Co., Ltd.           Collateralised                            150              150
                        Grassroots Joint Venture Capital (Beijing) Co. Ltd. (i)        Pledged & Guaranteed                      150              N/A
                        Xiamen University Electronic Information Technology Co. Ltd.   Pledged                                   130               —
                        Chengdu New Hope Real Estate Co., Ltd.                         Collateralised                            110              188
                        Shanghai Songjiang Water Company                               Guaranteed                                104               92
                        Inner Mongolia Qinghua Group New Energy Photovoltaic Co., Ltd. Guaranteed                                 70              110
                                                                                       Pledged                                    59               60
                        Oriental Group Cereals, Oils and Foodstuffs Co. Ltd.           Pledged                                    50               —
                        Chongqing Yufu Highway Co., Ltd.                               Pledged                                    13               20
                        RPFCBIDCO PTY LIMITED                                          Pledged                                    —               484
                        Guangxi Tanggui Investment Co., Ltd.                           Collateralised                             —               189
                        Xiamen Hongfu Trading Co., Ltd.                                Guaranteed                                 —               265
                        Xinjiang Oriental Hope Nonferrous Metals Co., Ltd.             Pledged                                    —               100
                        HopeSenlan Science & Technology Co., Ltd.                      Guaranteed                                 —                30
                        Sichuan Hope Shenlan Energy and Chemical Co., Ltd.             Guaranteed                                 —                30
                        Good First Group Co., Ltd.                                     Pledged                                    —               123
                        Legend Holdings Ltd. (iii)                                     Guaranteed                                N/A            1,202
                        Yuanyang Langji Real Estate Co., Ltd. (iii)                    Collateralised                            N/A              432
                        Gemdale (group) Co. Ltd. (iii)                                 Guaranteed                                N/A              200
                        Sino-Ocean Real Estate (Hong Kong) Holding Limited. (iii)      Credit                                    N/A              191
                        Hebei Sulong Photovoltaic Power Generation Co., Ltd. (iii)     Collateralised                            N/A              104
                        Individuals (ii)                                               Collateralised                            543               14
                                                                                       Guaranteed                                 24                3


                        Total                                                                                                  71,097          31,375


                        Ratio to similar transactions (%)                                                                        2.00            1.04



                  (i)           As at 31 December 2018, these entities were not related parties of the Group.



                  (ii)          In accordance with regulatory policies or under regulatory requirements, the Group incorporates Beijing Changrong Heyin
                                Investment Management Co., Ltd., Senior Management of branches, people who have the power to decide or participate
                                in the bank’s credit and asset transfer and their relatives as the Group’s related party since 2019.



                  (iii)         As at 31 December 2019, these entities were no longer related parties of the Group.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2019    409




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                            (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9   Related parties (continued)

    9.2 Related party transactions (continued)

        (2)   Loans to related parties (continued)

              Amount of transactions:


                                                                                          2019                    2018


               Interest income from loans                                                2,081                      557


               Ratio to similar transactions (%)                                           1.28                     0.24



              As at 31 December 2019, none of the above loans is found to be Lifetime ECL credit-
              impaired (31 December 2018: Nil).


        (3)   Other transactions with related parties

              Balances outstanding as at the end of the reporting period:


                                                        31 December 2019                    31 December 2018
                                                                  Ratio to similar                      Ratio to similar
                                                                    transactions                          transactions
                                                        Balance               (%)          Balance                   (%)


               Placements with banks and
                 other financial institutions              350               0.14             5,037                 2.04
               Financial assets measured at
                 amortised cost                           2,883              0.25             4,136                 0.37
               Financial assets at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income               1,725              0.34             1,810                 0.39
               Long-term receivables                       244               0.21                 244               0.22
               Balances with banks and
                 other financial institutions                —                 —                  401               0.77
               Financial assets at fair value through
                 the profit or loss                          —                 —                   78               0.02
               Financial assets held under resale
                 agreements                                  —                 —                   35               0.09
               Deposits and placements from banks
                 and other financial institutions        11,996              1.17             3,397                 0.01
               Deposits from customers                   88,922              2.44            10,516                 0.12
410   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9     Related parties (continued)

      9.2 Related party transactions (continued)

            (3)   Other transactions with related parties (continued)

                  Amount of transactions for the reporting period:


                                                                              2019                                      2018
                                                                                          Ratio to                                   Ratio to
                                                                                           similar                                     similar
                                                                                      transactions                             transactions
                                                                    Balance                    (%)            Balance                      (%)


                        Interest income                                   228                 0.09                   393                  0.17
                        Interest expense                                1,700                 0.68                   255                  0.16
                        Fee and commission
                          income (i)                                      283                 0.50                    88                  0.17
                        Operating expenses                                299                 0.60                   489                  1.00



                  (i)       Mainly from sales agency insurance product activities between the Group with Dajia Insurance Inc. and its subsidiaries
                            and with Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd., respectively.




                  Balance outstanding of off-balance-sheet assets as at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                    31 December 2019                          31 December 2018
                                                                                          Ratio to                                   Ratio to
                                                                                           similar                                     similar
                                                                                      transactions                             transactions
                                                                    Balance                    (%)            Balance                      (%)


                        Bank acceptances                                2,733                 0.49                2,948                   0.65
                        Guarantees                                      2,313                 1.45                3,468                   3.03
                        Letters of credit                                 365                 0.27                   633                  0.56
                        Unused credit card
                          commitments                                       13                0.01                    12                  0.01
                                                                                            Annual Report 2019    411




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                         (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9   Related parties (continued)

    9.2 Related party transactions (continued)

        (3)   Other transactions with related parties (continued)

              Loans collateralised by related parties at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                            31 December            31 December
                                                                                       2019                  2018


               Loans collateralised by related parties                               53,430                24,469


               Ratio to similar transactions (%)                                        1.56                     0.81



              None of the above related party transactions has a material impact on the Group’s
              profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2019 and for the year ended 31
              December 2018.


        (4)   Transactions with the annuity scheme

              Apart from the obligation for defined contributions to the annuity scheme and normal
              banking transactions, no other significant transactions were conducted between the
              Group and the annuity scheme for the year ended 31 December 2019 and for the
              year ended 31 December 2018.


        (5)   Transactions with key management personnel

              Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for
              planning, directing and controlling the Bank’s activities, directly or indirectly, including
              directors, supervisors and Senior Management.


              The Bank enters into transactions with key management personnel under normal
              commercial terms. These include loans and deposits, which are carried out at rates
              similar to those offered to third parties. Outstanding loans to the key management
              amounted to RMB55.32 million as at 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: RMB5
              million), which have been included in the above loans granted to related parties.
412   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9     Related parties (continued)

      9.2 Related party transactions (continued)

            (5)   Transactions with key management personnel (continued)

                  Accrued salaries and other short-term benefits for the key management personnel
                  before tax amounted to RMB108 million for the year ended 31 December 2019
                  (2018: RMB135 million, the related salaries and benefits were restated in accordance
                  with the Supplementary Announcement Regarding the Senior Management’s
                  Emoluments 2018 of China Minsheng Banking Crop., Ltd.). Of which, pre-tax
                  compensations for the Executive Directors, Chairman of the Supervisory Board,
                  Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board and executive officers included RMB46
                  million, to be paid in later years, accrued at no less than 50% of the performance-
                  based compensations (2018: RMB54 million and no less than 50% respectively) in
                  accordance with relevant state regulations. The exact amounts of these deferred
                  payments shall be determined at the end of their respective tenure with the Bank
                  based on their performance. If losses are incurred in their tenure and attributable to
                  them, the Bank withholds the right to stop payment and recover the paid amount.
                  The Bank started to subscribe for supplementary pension insurance for the key
                  management personnel from the second half year of 2018, the amount of which
                  totalled to RMB10 million in 2019.


                  The total pre-tax compensation in 2019 for the executive director, chairman of
                  the board of supervisors, vice chairman of the board of supervisors and Senior
                  Management of the Bank performing their duties at full salary is subject to the
                  approval of the compensation and appraisal committee of the board of directors.
                  After approval, the Bank will disclose separately. Unpaid remuneration is not expected
                  to have a material impact on the Group’s and the Bank’s financial statements for
                  2019.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2019    413




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                            (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

9   Related parties (continued)

    9.2 Related party transactions (continued)

        (6)   Transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries

              Balances outstanding as at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                                          2019                  2018


               Placements with banks and other financial institutions                   23,188                17,730
               Loans and advances to customers                                           1,789                  3,019
               Other assets                                                              1,566                  2,199
               Deposits and placements from banks and other
                 financial institutions                                                  7,940                  6,689
               Deposits from customers                                                     258                  1,422
               Other liabilities                                                         1,526                  1,967



              Amount of transactions for the reporting period:


                                                                                          2019                  2018


               Interest income                                                             855                      876
               Interest expense                                                            873                      216
               Fee and commission income                                                   100                      128
               Operating expenses                                                          186                      348



              For the year ended 31 December 2019, the transactions between subsidiaries of the
              Group are mainly inter-bank deposits. As at 31 December 2019, the balance of the
              above transactions was RMB713 million (31 December 2018: RMB747 million).


              The balances and amount with the subsidiaries and inter-subsidiaries have been
              offset in the statement of financial position, income statement and off-balance-sheet
              items.
414   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management

      10.1 Financial risk management overview

            In accordance with the Comprehensive Risk Management Framework of COSO and with
            the Comprehensive Risk Management Guidelines of CBIRC, risk management includes
            identification, measurement, assessment, monitoring, reporting, control and mitigation of
            risks. The core characteristic of the financial business is taking risks; risks are inevitable in
            business. The Group’s aim is to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return
            and to minimise potential adverse effects from risks borne by the Group on its financial
            performance.


            The Group provides commercial banking, leasing, fund raising and sales and other
            financial services through the Bank and its subsidiaries, Minsheng Financial Leasing
            Co., Ltd. (“Minsheng Financial Leasing”), Minsheng Royal Fund Management Co., Ltd.
            (“Minsheng Royal Fund”), CMBC International Holding Ltd. (“CMBC International”) and
            29 Rural banks. These subsidiaries are responsible for financial risk management in their
            respective businesses as separate entities. The financial risk arising from commercial
            banking was the most significant risk for the Group’s operations. The Group formulated
            the “Administrative Measures of Subsidiaries of China Minsheng Banking Corporation
            Limited on Comprehensive Risk Management” to further enhance the risk management of
            these subsidiaries.


            Based on new regulatory requirements and market changes, the Group formulated risk
            preferences and risk policies based on actual conditions, to clarify objectives of portfolio
            quota management, to improve risk quantification tools and information systems, to
            establish control mechanisms and to improve risk management covering the entire
            process. Meanwhile, to re-examine and optimise the preference transmission mechanism,
            risk policy, portfolio management, systems and tools based on execution to ensure
            preferences and policies have been implemented to strengthen the support of risk
            management for strategic decision-making.


            The Bank has a Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors, and the
            committee is responsible for setting up the Bank’s overall risk management strategies,
            monitoring the Bank’s risk management policies and their implementation, and assessing
            its effectiveness. In accordance with the risk management strategy, the Bank’s Senior
            Management formulates and promotes the corresponding risk management policies.


            The Development and Planning Department under the Bank’s Senior Management is
            responsible for the routine management of subsidiaries, to establish and optimise the risk
            management framework at Group level gradually.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2019   415




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.2 Credit risk

       The Group is exposed to credit risk, which is the risk that a borrower or counterparty
       defaults as it fails to fully repay debts in a timely manner due to various reasons. Credit
       risk is the most important risk for the Group’s operating activities; management therefore
       carefully manages its exposure to credit risk. Credit exposures arise principally from
       lending, trade finance, credit debt securities and leasing activities. There is also credit risk
       in off-balance sheet financial instruments, such as credit commitments and derivatives.


       The Risk Management Committee is currently responsible for decision-making and overall
       coordination of credit risk prevention. The Bank adopts professional credit evaluation, full-
       process quality monitoring, faulty asset professional management and collecting and other
       major methods for credit risk management.


       (1)   Credit risk measurement

             (a)   Loans and credit commitments

                   The Group measures and manages the quality of its credit assets in accordance
                   with the CBIRC Guidelines for Risk Classification of Loans (the “Guidelines”).
                   The Guidelines require financial institutions to classify their credit assets into five
                   categories, namely pass, special-mention, sub-standard, doubtful and loss, of
                   which the last three categories are non-performing loans. At the same time, the
                   Group includes its off-balance sheet credit commitments as part of its overall
                   credit extension, applies credit limit management, and classifies key on-balance
                   sheet and off-balance sheet items in accordance with the Guidelines. The Bank
                   has also developed the Administrative Measures for Risk Classification of Credit
                   Assets of China Minsheng Banking Corporation Limited to guide its daily risk
                   management of credit assets, following classification principles fully consistent
                   with the Guidelines.
416   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.2 Credit risk (continued)

            (1)   Credit risk measurement (continued)

                  (a)    Loans and credit commitments (continued)

                         The core definitions of credit asset classifications in the Guidelines are as follows:


                         Pass:                   The borrower can fulfil contracts, and there is no sufficient
                                                 reason to suspect that the principal and interest of loans
                                                 cannot be repaid in full on time.

                         Special-mention: The borrower can make current payments, but there may
                                          be some potential issues that could adversely impact future
                                          payments.

                         Sub-standard:           The borrower’s repayment ability has been impaired and
                                                 its normal income is insufficient to repay the loan principal
                                                 and interest in full. Even with the enforcement of the related
                                                 guarantee (if any), there may be a certain level of loss.

                         Doubtful:               The borrower cannot repay the principal plus the interest in
                                                 full. Even with the enforcement of guarantee (if any), there will
                                                 be a significant loss.

                         Loss:                   After taking all possible actions or resorting to all necessary
                                                 legal proceedings, the loan principal and interest cannot be
                                                 recovered or only a small portion of them can be recovered.


                  (b)    Debt securities and other bills

                         The Group manages its credit risk exposure of debt securities and other bills by
                         including issuers’ credit exposures into the unified credit-grant management and
                         control processes. The Group continues to optimise its exposure structure by
                         requiring a minimum external rating of the debt securities of investment access
                         management and by setting investment structure concentration requirements of
                         portfolio management. In addition, the risk control staff will regularly analyse the
                         credit profile of issuers of debt securities, and the operational staff will continue
                         to optimise and adjust the investment portfolio based on the risk-mitigation
                         recommendations.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019   417




                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.2 Credit risk (continued)

       (2)   Risk limit control and mitigation policies

             The Group exercises risk concentration management and controls over its
             counterparties, whether individuals or groups, and industries and geographical
             regions.


             The Group has established relevant mechanisms to apply tiered management
             of credit risks, and set limits to acceptable risks for different individual or group
             counterparties, different industries and geographical regions. The Bank monitors the
             risk status regularly and reviews their risk positions at least once a year.


             Risk exposures to borrowers, including banks, are further classified into on- and off-
             balance sheet risk exposures, and controls have been applied to daily risk limits of
             each trading account. The Bank also monitor actual risk exposures on a daily basis in
             relation to corresponding risk limits.


             The Group controls its credit risks through, among other necessary measures,
             regular analyses of a customer’s ability to repay interest and principal, and making
             appropriate adjustments to credit lines.


             Other specific control and mitigation measures include: measuring, evaluating, early
             warning, mitigating and controlling of large amount exposures of single and group
             customers in accordance with regulatory requirements, and prevent and control
             customer concentration risks.
418   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.2 Credit risk (continued)

            (2)   Risk limit control and mitigation policies (continued)

                  (a)    Collateral

                         The Group and its subsidiaries have individually established a range of risk
                         management policies and adopted different methods to mitigate credit risk. A
                         critical method for the Group’s control of its credit risks is to acquire collateral,
                         security deposits and guarantees from enterprises or individuals. The Group has
                         specified acceptable types of collaterals, mainly including the following:


                         —     Real estate and land use rights


                         —     Machinery and equipment


                         —     Right to receive payments and accounts receivable


                         —     Financial instruments such as time deposits, debt securities and equities.


                         In order to minimise its credit risk, once an indication of impairment has been
                         identified with an individual loan, the Group will seek additional collateral from
                         counterparties/require additional guarantors or squeeze the credit line.


                         Collateral held as security for financial assets other than loans and accounts
                         receivable is determined by the instruments’ nature. Debt securities are
                         generally unsecured, with the exception of asset-backed securities and similar
                         instruments, which are secured by portfolios of financial instruments.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2019   419




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.2 Credit risk (continued)

       (2)   Risk limit control and mitigation policies (continued)

             (b)   Derivative instruments

                   The Bank maintains strict net exposure limits in its financial derivative
                   transactions with counterparties and monitors the activities through daily
                   summary reports on the use of exposure limits. The Bank’s exposure to credit
                   risk of derivative instruments is limited to derivative instruments with positive fair
                   value. The Bank sets credit limits for counterparties in its management system
                   to monitor the credit position of derivative transactions and mitigates credit
                   risk associated with derivative instruments by requiring margin deposits from
                   counterparties.


             (c)   Credit related commitments

                   The primary purpose of these instruments is to ensure that funds are available
                   to a customer when required. Guarantees and standby letters of credit, which
                   represent irrevocable assurances that the Group will make payments in the event
                   that a customer cannot meet its obligations to third parties, carry the same credit
                   risk as loans. In some cases, guarantee deposits are received by the Group
                   to lessen the credit risks related to such commitments. The Group’s potential
                   amount of credit risk exposure is equivalent to the total amount of credit
                   commitments.


                   Loan commitments and financial leasing commitments represent unused
                   portions of authorisations to extend credit. With respect to credit risk on
                   commitments to extend credit, the Group is potentially exposed to loss in an
                   amount equal to the total unused commitments. However, the likely amount of
                   loss is less than the total unused commitments, as most commitments to extend
                   credit are contingent upon customers maintaining specific credit standards. The
                   Group monitors the term to maturity of credit commitments because longer-term
                   commitments generally have a greater degree of credit risk than shorter-term
                   commitments.
420   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.2 Credit risk (continued)

            (3)   Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) measurement

                  According to the new standard, the Group divided the financial instruments that
                  require ECL provision recognition into three stages and applies the ECL model to
                  calculate loss allowances for its debt financial instruments measured at amortised
                  cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income, as well as its loan
                  commitments and financial guarantee contracts.


                  (a)    Financial instrument risk stages

                         The Group applies a ‘three-stage model’ for measuring expected credit loss for
                         financial instruments based on changes in credit quality since initial recognition.
                         The three stages are defined as follows:


                         Stage 1:	Financial instruments without significant increase in credit risk since
                                   initial recognition. For these assets, expected credit losses are
                                   recognised for the following 12 months.


                         Stage 2:	For financial instruments with significant increase in credit risk since
                                   initial recognition, expected credit losses are recognised for the
                                   remaining lifetime if there is no objective evidence of impairment.


                         Stage 3:	For financial assets with objective evidence of impairment as at the
                                   balance sheet date, expected credit losses are recognised for the
                                   remaining lifetime.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2019   421




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                         (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.2 Credit risk (continued)

       (3)   Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) measurement (continued)

             (b)   Criteria for significant increases in credit risk (“SICR”)

                   Criteria for SICR include but are not limited to:


                   —    The principal or interest is overdue for more than 30 days;


                   —    Significant change in credit rating. Internal rating results of the Group will be
                        adopted as the result of credit rating;


                   —    The debtor experiences serious production or operation problems, the
                        overall profitability decreased significantly, and the financial position is poor;


                   —    Changes or events with a significant negative impact on the solvency of the
                        debtor;


                   —    Other objective evidence of a significant increase in credit risk of financial
                        asset.


             (c)   Definition of credit-impaired financial asset

                   In order to evaluate whether a financial asset is impaired, the Group considers
                   the following criteria:


                   —    The principal or interest of a financial asset is overdue for more than 90
                        days;


                   —    Significant financial difficulty of the issuer or obligor;


                   —    A breach of contract by the borrower, such as a default or delinquency in
                        interest or principal payments;


                   —    The creditor, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the debtor’s
                        financial difficulty, grants the debtor a concession that the Group would not
                        otherwise consider;
422   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.2 Credit risk (continued)

            (3)   Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) measurement (continued)

                  (c)    Definition of credit-impaired financial asset (continued)

                         —     The debtor will             probably   enter   bankruptcy   or   another   financial
                               reorganisation;


                         —     The disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of
                               financial difficulties faced by the issuer or debtor;


                         —     The purchase or origination of a financial asset at a significant discount that
                               reflects the fact of credit losses;


                         —     Other objective evidence of financial asset impairment.


                         The credit impairment of a financial asset may be caused by the combined effect
                         of multiple events rather than any single event.


                  (d)    Parameters for ECL measurement

                         Except for credit-impaired financial assets, according to whether there is
                         a significant increase in credit risk and whether there is an impairment of
                         assets, the Group recognised 12-month or lifetime ECL allowance by financial
                         instrument. Expected credit losses are the weighted average of the product of
                         Probability of Default (PD), Loss Given Default (LGD), and Exposure at Default
                         (EAD), which are defined as follows:


                         —     PD represents the likelihood of a borrower to default on its financial
                               obligation, either over the next 12 months (12M PD), or over the remaining
                               lifetime (Lifetime PD) of the obligation. The PD is determined based on the
                               adjusted results of the internal rating-based model, with forward-looking
                               information incorporated, to reflect the borrower’s point-in-time probability
                               of default under the current macroeconomic environment;
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   423




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.2 Credit risk (continued)

       (3)   Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) measurement (continued)

             (d)   Parameters for ECL measurement (continued)

                   —   LGD is expressed as a percentage loss per unit of EAD. LGD varies by
                       types of product and availability of collateral etc.;


                   —   EAD refers to the total amount of on and off-balance sheet exposures in the
                       event of default and is determined based on principal, interest, off-balance
                       sheet risk conversion factor etc., and may vary by product types.


             (e)   Forward-looking information incorporated in the ECL

                   The calculation of ECL incorporates forward-looking information. The Group has
                   performed historical analysis and identified the key economic variables impacting
                   credit risk and expected credit losses for each portfolio, such as GDP, M2
                   and customer confidence index and so on. The forecasts of these economic
                   variables are provided periodically and the most relevant variables are picked
                   and estimated by the Group.


                   The Group determines the relationship between these economic variables and
                   PD and LGD by constructing econometric model, so as to ascertain the impacts
                   of historical changes in these variables on PD and LGD.


                   The Group determines the positive, neutral and negative scenarios and their
                   weights according to the analysis of macro data and the judgement of experts,
                   and calculate thereby the weighted average ECL allowance. In 2019, the
                   positive, neutral and negative scenarios are of comparable weighting.
424   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.2 Credit risk (continued)

            (4)   Maximum credit risk exposure

                  The following table presents the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk as at the
                  end of the reporting period without considering any collateral held or other credit
                  enhancements, which is represented by the carrying amount of each type of financial
                  assets after deducting any impairment allowance.


                                                                                 31 December    31 December
                                                                                        2019           2018


                    Balances with central bank                                       365,393        382,297
                    Balances with banks and other financial institutions              53,180         52,154
                    Derivative financial assets                                       31,100         33,112
                    Placements with banks and other financial institutions           248,565        246,525
                    Financial assets held under resale agreements                     65,799         39,190
                    Loans and advances to customers                                 3,430,427      3,008,272
                    Financial investments
                       — Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       381,269        310,733
                       — Financial assets at fair value through other
                        comprehensive income                                         510,802        461,068
                       — Financial assets measured at amortised cost                1,143,079      1,127,231
                    Long-term receivables                                            116,593        110,824
                    Other financial assets                                            45,698         38,568


                    Total                                                           6,391,905      5,809,974


                    Off-balance sheet credit commitments                            1,325,426      1,006,714


                    Maximum credit risk exposure                                    7,717,331      6,816,688
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2019       425




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.2 Credit risk (continued)

       (5)   Analysis on the credit quality of financial instruments

             As at 31 December 2019, the credit risk stages of financial instruments at fair value
             through other comprehensive income, and financial instruments at amortised cost are
             as followed:


                                                                Gross carrying amount                Provision for expected credit losses
                                                     Stage 1      Stage 2      Stage 3     Total   Stage 1    Stage 2     Stage 3         Total

              Cash and balances with central bank    371,155            —          —     371,155        —           —           —            —
              Balances with banks and
                other financial institutions          52,804            —         722     53,526      (118)         —         (228)       (346)
              Placements with banks and
                other financial institutions         247,868         1,200         —     249,068      (178)       (325)         —         (503)
              Financial assets held under
                resale agreements                     65,808            —          —      65,808        (9)         —           —            (9)
              Loans and advances to customers
                — Corporate loans and advances      1,953,671     112,539       30,545 2,096,755   (17,134)    (16,632)    (17,065)    (50,831)
                — Personal loans and advances       1,371,839      18,078       26,230 1,416,147    (9,391)     (5,082)    (19,343)    (33,816)
              Financial investments                 1,642,548       4,399       11,047 1,657,994    (3,050)       (265)     (1,860)     (5,175)
              Long-term receivables                   111,696       6,521        2,319   120,536    (1,051)     (1,739)     (1,153)     (3,943)

              Credit commitments                    1,322,714        1,355       1,357 1,325,426    (1,407)        (22)        (24)      (1,453)
426   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.2 Credit risk (continued)

            (5)   Analysis on the credit quality of financial instruments (continued)

                  As at 31 December 2018, the credit risk stages of financial instruments at fair value
                  through other comprehensive income, and financial instruments at amortised cost are
                  as followed:


                                                                      Gross carrying amount                Provision for expected credit losses
                                                           Stage 1      Stage 2      Stage 3     Total   Stage 1    Stage 2     Stage 3         Total

                    Cash and balances with central bank    389,281            —          —     389,281        —           —           —            —
                    Balances with banks and
                      other financial institutions          52,161            —          97     52,258        (7)         —          (97)       (104)
                    Placements with banks and
                      other financial institutions         246,728            —          —     246,728      (203)         —           —         (203)
                    Financial assets held under
                      resale agreements                     39,195            —          —      39,195        (5)         —           —            (5)
                    Loans and advances to customers
                      — Corporate loans and advances      1,710,264     107,458      28,270 1,845,992    (11,593)    (16,311)    (11,477)    (39,381)
                      — Personal loans and advances       1,189,668      16,644      27,184 1,233,496     (7,770)     (4,918)    (20,139)    (32,827)
                    Financial investments                 1,581,937       2,141       7,280 1,591,358     (2,662)       (204)     (1,700)     (4,566)
                    Long-term receivables                   103,457       9,959       1,053   114,469       (913)     (2,184)       (548)     (3,645)

                    Credit commitments                    1,005,533        1,082         99 1,006,714     (1,335)        (33)          (3)     (1,371)
                                                                                               Annual Report 2019   427




                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                            (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.2 Credit risk (continued)

       (6)   Loans and advances to customers

             Loans and advances to customers (excluded interest accrued) are as following:


                                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                                          2019                  2018


              Stage 1
                Unsecured loans                                                       760,159                698,924
                Guaranteed loans                                                      552,161                552,999
                Loans secured by
                 Tangible assets other than monetary assets                         1,504,295              1,254,974
                 Monetary assets                                                      483,594                370,293


              Subtotal                                                              3,300,209              2,877,190


              Stage 2
                Unsecured loans                                                         18,843                15,043
                Guaranteed loans                                                        59,096                50,019
                Loans secured by
                 Tangible assets other than monetary assets                             34,575                36,423
                 Monetary assets                                                        18,103                22,617


              Subtotal                                                                130,617                124,102


              Stage 3
                Unsecured loans                                                         14,362                11,296
                Guaranteed loans                                                        21,206                24,483
                Loans secured by
                 Tangible assets other than monetary assets                             16,602                15,927
                 Monetary assets                                                         4,605                  3,748


              Subtotal                                                                  56,775                55,454


              Total                                                                 3,487,601              3,056,746


              Credit-impaired loans secured by collateral                               13,262                  9,416
428   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.2 Credit risk (continued)

            (6)   Loans and advances to customers (continued)

                  Loans and advances to customers (excluded interest accrued) analysed by industries
                  are as following:


                                                                31 December 2019      31 December 2018
                                                                Amount         (%)    Amount         (%)


                    Corporate loans and advances
                       Real estate                              476,199      13.66    387,942      12.69
                       Leasing and commercial services          442,883      12.70    344,669      11.28
                       Manufacturing                            284,055       8.14    305,767      10.00
                       Wholesale and retail                     177,685       5.09    185,485       6.07
                       Financial services                       138,039       3.96     85,139       2.79
                       Water, environment and public
                       utilities management                     122,282       3.51    101,924       3.33
                       Mining                                   110,152       3.16    117,374       3.84
                       Construction                             106,783       3.06     94,069       3.08
                       Transportation, storage and
                       postal service                            77,031       2.21     69,469       2.27
                       Production and supply of electric
                       power, heat, gas and water                55,151       1.58     48,948       1.60
                       Accommodation and catering                11,858       0.34     10,079       0.33
                       Agriculture, forestry, animal
                       husbandry and fishery                     10,225       0.29     13,916       0.46
                       Public administration, social
                       security and social organisations          8,376       0.24      7,379       0.24
                       Others                                    53,958       1.55     54,041       1.76


                    Subtotal                                   2,074,677     59.49   1,826,201     59.74


                    Personal loans and advances                1,412,924     40.51   1,230,545     40.26


                    Total                                      3,487,601    100.00   3,056,746    100.00
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019    429




                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.2 Credit risk (continued)

       (6)   Loans and advances to customers (continued)

             Loans and advances to customers (excluded interest accrued) by geographical area
             are as following:


                                                      31 December 2019                31 December 2018
                                                       Amount               (%)       Amount                  (%)


              Head Office                              474,512            13.61        415,349            13.59
              Yangtze River Delta                      841,123            24.12        720,860            23.58
              Pearl River Delta                        465,618            13.35        429,622            14.05
              Bohai Rim                                564,343            16.18        496,998            16.26
              North-eastern Region                      89,488             2.57         84,037                2.75
              Central Region                           451,441            12.94        399,716            13.08
              Western Region                           519,713            14.90        442,186            14.47
              Overseas and subsidiaries                 81,363             2.33         67,978                2.22


              Total                                  3,487,601          100.00       3,056,746          100.00



       (7)   Loans and advances restructured

             Restructuring is a voluntary or, to a limited extent, court-supervised procedure,
             through which the Group and a borrower and/or its guarantor, if any, restructured
             credit terms generally as a result of deterioration in the borrower’s financial condition
             or of the borrower’s inability to make payments when due. The Group restructures
             a non-performing loan only if the borrower has good prospects. In addition, prior
             to approving the restructuring of loans, the Group typically requires additional
             guarantees, pledges and/or collateral, or assumption of the loans by a borrower with
             better repayment ability. Restructured loans amounted to RMB16,860 million as at 31
             December 2019 (31 December 2018: RMB18,978 million).


             Among impaired loans and advances, restructured loans and advances which were
             not past due or past due for no more than 90 days are as follows:


                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2019                  2018


              Loans and advances to customers                                      2,176                  1,827


              % of total loans and advances                                          0.06                     0.06
430   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.2 Credit risk (continued)

            (8)   Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions

                  Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions include balances with banks
                  and other financial institutions, placements with banks and other financial institutions
                  and financial assets held under resale agreements.


                                                                          31 December      31 December
                                                                                  2019              2018


                    Impaired loans and advances                                    722                97
                    Less: allowance for impairment losses                          (228)             (97)


                    Subtotal                                                       494                —


                    Neither past due nor credit-impaired:
                       Grade A to AAA                                          295,879           256,762
                       Grade B to BBB                                            66,074           60,928
                       Unrated                                                    5,031           19,305


                    Total                                                      366,984           336,995


                    Interest accrued                                               696             1,089
                    Less: allowance for impairment losses                          (630)            (215)


                    Subtotal                                                   367,050           337,869


                    Total                                                      367,544           337,869



                  Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions are analysed above
                  according to the Group and the Bank’s internal credit rating. Exposure limits are set
                  for banks and non-bank financial institutions.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2019     431




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                  (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.2 Credit risk (continued)

       (9)   Distribution of debt instruments analysed by issuers and rating

             The ratings are obtained from Standard & Poor’s ratings, or major rating agencies
             where the issuers of the debt securities are located.


                                                                              31 December 2019
                                                                                                         Lower
                                                       Unrated       AAA           AA            A       than A           Total


              With credit impaired
                — Banking and non-banking
                  financial institutions                10,673         —            —           —            —       10,673
                — Corporates                               374         —            —           —            —             374


              Subtotal                                  11,047         —            —           —            —       11,047


              Less: the credit losses of financial
                         assets measured at
                         amortised cost                                                                               (1,794)


              Subtotal                                                                                                    9,253


              Not impaired
                — Government                           543,968    292,643           —           —            —      836,611
                — Policy banks                          96,474       575            —          709           —       97,758
                — Banking and non-banking
                  financial institutions               545,432    121,266      13,535       46,601       17,063     743,897
                — Corporates                            96,391    169,692      31,611        7,259       26,921     331,874


              Subtotal                                1,282,265   584,176      45,146       54,569       43,984   2,010,140


              Interest accrued                                                                                       18,076
              Less: the expected credit losses
                         of financial assets
                         measured at
                         amortised cost                                                                               (2,319)


              Subtotal                                                                                            2,025,897


              Total                                                                                               2,035,150
432   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.2 Credit risk (continued)

            (9)   Distribution of debt instruments analysed by issuers and rating (continued)

                  The ratings are obtained from Standard & Poor’s ratings, or major rating agencies
                  where the issuers of the debt securities are located.


                                                                                  31 December 2018
                                                                                                      Lower
                                                             Unrated       AAA        AA         A    than A       Total


                    With credit impaired
                     — Banking and non-banking
                        financial institutions                 6,958         —         —         —       —        6,958
                     — Corporates                                234         —         —         —       88         322


                    Subtotal                                   7,192         —         —         —       88       7,280


                    Less: the credit losses of financial
                               assets measured at
                               amortised cost                                                                     (1,503)


                    Subtotal                                                                                      5,777


                    Not impaired
                      — Government                           529,511    240,919      137     51,341       —     821,908
                      — Policy banks                          40,090      9,590      150      7,115    1,308     58,253
                      — Banking and non-banking
                        financial institutions               583,041    154,335     6,194    21,392   14,782    779,744
                      — Corporates                            78,560     96,323     9,797     5,765   26,300    216,745


                    Subtotal                                1,231,202   501,167    16,278    85,613   42,390   1,876,650


                    Interest accrued                                                                             18,161
                    Less: the expected credit losses
                             of financial assets
                             measured at
                             amortised cost                                                                       (1,556)


                    Subtotal                                                                                   1,893,255


                    Total                                                                                      1,899,032
                                                                                           Annual Report 2019   433




                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.2 Credit risk (continued)

       (10)	Investments classified as asset management plans and trust beneficial rights
             analysed by type of underlying assets

                                                                           31 December            31 December
                                                                                      2019                  2018


             Asset management plans and trust beneficial rights
               Credit assets                                                      207,864                211,020
               Rediscounted bills                                                   71,843               148,172
               Interbank assets                                                          —                51,410
               Others                                                                8,123                  6,783


             Total                                                                287,830                417,385



            The Group includes asset management plans and trust beneficial rights into
            comprehensive credit management system, to manage its credit risk exposure in a
            holistic manner. The type of collateral of credit assets includes guarantee, security by
            collateral and pledge.


   10.3 Market risk

       The Group is exposed to market risk, which is the risk of loss to its on- and off-balance
       sheet businesses caused by unfavourable changes in market prices (interest rates,
       exchange rates, and stock and commodity prices). Market risk includes interest rate
       risk, exchange rate (including gold bullion) risk, equity price risk and commodity price
       risk, arising from adverse movements in interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices and
       commodity price, respectively.


       The market risk faced by the Group mainly arises from the Bank’s business activities. The
       Bank’s subsidiaries are exposed to an insignificant level of market risk. The Bank and its
       subsidiaries independently manage their own market risk.


       The Bank distinguishes between banking books and trading books in accordance with
       requirements of regulatory authorities and the general practices of the banking industry,
       and adopts different methods to identify, measure, monitor and control their respective
       market risks based on the nature and characteristics of banking and trading books.
434   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.3 Market risk (continued)

            Trading books refer to the financial instruments and commodities positions which could be
            traded freely. They are held by the Bank for trading or hedging against other risks in the
            trading book. Positions in the trading book must not be subject to any trading restrictions,
            or be able to fully hedged against the risks. These positions must also be valued
            accurately and managed proactively as well. In contrast, the Bank’s other businesses are
            included in the banking books.


            (1)   Market risk measurement techniques

                  The Bank selects appropriate and generally accepted measurement methods for the
                  different types of market risks in its banking books and trading books based on actual
                  needs of the business.


                  In accordance with regulatory requirements and in response to interest rate risk of
                  the banking books, the Bank develops measurement methods that are appropriate
                  for the size and structure of its assets and liabilities, and performs quantitative
                  assessment of the impact of interest rate changes on the Bank’s net interest income
                  and economic value by adopting methods such as gap analysis, net interest income
                  simulation analysis, and economic value simulation analysis.


                  Interest rate risk of the trading books are measured by using methods such as
                  duration analysis, scenario analysis, and value at risk (VaR).


                  Exchange rate risks of the banking books include exposure in foreign exchange
                  settlement and sales, foreign currency capital funds, loss in foreign currency profits
                  due to settlement of foreign exchange, and shrinking of foreign currency assets
                  compared to the local currency. The Bank assesses the impact of future currency
                  risks based on the exchange rate tendency and the future changes in the Bank’s
                  asset and liability portfolios.


                  Measurement of the exchange rate risks of the trading books includes monitoring
                  of foreign exchange exposure, and use of methods including sensitivity analysis,
                  scenario analysis and value at risk (VaR) to measure the potential impact of exchange
                  rate fluctuations on the trading profits.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2019   435




                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                   (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.3 Market risk (continued)

       (1)   Market risk measurement techniques (continued)

             The Bank is fully aware of the pros and cons of different methods for measurement
             of market risks, and therefore adopts other methods, such as stress tests, for
             complementation. Stress scenarios applied to market risk stress testing include
             expert scenarios, historical scenarios, and hybrid scenarios.


       (2)   Currency risk

             Currency risk refers to the foreign exchange and foreign exchange derivatives
             positions, the risk of losses of banks arise from adverse changes of exchange rate.
             The Group uses RMB as its bookkeeping currency, and the Group’s assets and
             liabilities are denominated in RMB, and the rest mainly US dollars and Hong Kong
             dollars.


             The Group manages the Currency risk by controlling each currency exposure limits
             and total exposure.


             The primary techniques applied by the Group in analysing currency risk are mainly
             foreign exchange exposure analyses, scenario analyses, stress testing and value at
             risk (VaR) method. The Group manages the currency risk in the frame of the exposure
             limit by daily monitoring, reporting and analysing.
436   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.3 Market risk (continued)

            (2)   Currency risk (continued)

                  The following tables present the Group’s foreign exchange risk exposures as at the
                  end of the reporting period. The carrying values of assets and liabilities denominated
                  in foreign currencies have been converted into RMB.


                                                                                31 December 2019
                                                                   RMB        USD       HKD        Others       Total


                    Assets:
                    Cash and balances with central bank         330,456      40,261      229         209     371,155
                    Balances with banks and
                      other financial institutions               31,357      18,794     1,014       2,015     53,180
                    Placements with banks and
                      other financial institutions              199,318      35,123     8,242       5,882    248,565
                    Financial assets held under
                      resale agreements                           65,799         —         —           —       65,799
                    Loans and advances to customers            3,256,901    117,744    37,048      18,734   3,430,427
                    Financial investments                      2,036,310    127,705     6,789      13,501   2,184,305
                    Long-term receivables                         87,328     29,265        —           —      116,593
                    Other assets                                 155,513     38,992     2,092      15,220     211,817


                    Total assets                               6,162,982    407,884    55,414      55,561   6,681,841


                    Liabilities:
                    Borrowings from central bank                198,843          —         —           —     198,843
                    Deposits and placements from banks
                      and other financial institutions         1,035,669     96,254    17,152      13,979   1,163,054
                    Borrowings from banks and
                      other financial institutions               73,513      56,340     2,442          —     132,295
                    Financial assets sold under
                      repurchase agreements                       88,259     11,112        —        2,334     101,705
                    Deposits from customers                    3,456,331    156,249    14,077      10,377   3,637,034
                    Debt securities issued                       795,962     21,263        —           —      817,225
                    Lease liabilities                             10,068        237       114           1      10,420
                    Other liabilities                             83,588      5,702       898         248      90,436


                    Total liabilities                          5,742,233    347,157    34,683      26,939   6,151,012


                    Net position                                420,749      60,727    20,731      28,622    530,829


                    Foreign currency derivatives                     (93)     1,160       (39)         —        1,028
                    Off-balance sheet credit commitments       1,287,353     30,512     1,794       5,767   1,325,426
                                                                                                Annual Report 2019     437




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.3 Market risk (continued)

       (2)   Currency risk (continued)

                                                                           31 December 2018
                                                         RMB           USD            HKD         Others             Total


              Assets:
              Cash and balances with central bank     348,249        40,517            260           255       389,281
              Balances with banks and
                other financial institutions           27,632        18,254          4,017         2,251        52,154
              Placements with banks and
                other financial institutions          206,562        30,503          6,987         2,473       246,525
              Financial assets held under
                resale agreements                      39,184              6            —              —        39,190
              Loans and advances to customers        2,836,711      119,860         28,266        23,435     3,008,272
              Financial investments                  1,813,972      137,928          8,571         9,546     1,970,017
              Long-term receivables                    83,328        27,496             —              —       110,824
              Other assets                            128,068        32,767          1,776        15,948       178,559


              Total assets                           5,483,706      407,331         49,877        53,908     5,994,822


              Liabilities:
              Borrowings from central bank            304,323             —             —              —       304,323
              Deposits and placements from banks
                and other financial institutions      965,652       105,781          7,031        13,396     1,091,860
              Borrowings from banks and
                other financial institutions           73,960        47,795          3,288             —       125,043
              Financial assets sold under
                repurchase agreements                  81,067         8,065             —            555        89,687
              Deposits from customers                2,993,570      174,166         14,996        11,709     3,194,441
              Debt securities issued                  653,851        20,672             —              —       674,523
              Other liabilities                        76,674         6,144            851           275        83,944


              Total liabilities                      5,149,097      362,623         26,166        25,935     5,563,821


              Net position                            334,609        44,708         23,711        27,973       431,001


              Foreign currency derivatives                324         (1,857)           74             —         (1,459)
              Off-balance sheet credit commitments    955,252        41,014          3,024         7,424     1,006,714
438   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.3 Market risk (continued)

            (2)   Currency risk (continued)

                  The Group conducts sensitivity analysis on the net foreign currency position to identify
                  the impact on the income statement of potential movements in foreign currency
                  exchange rates against the RMB. As at 31 December 2019, assuming other variables
                  remain unchanged, an appreciation of one hundred basis points of the US dollar
                  against the RMB would increase both the Group’s net profit and equity by RMB826
                  million (31 December 2018: increase by RMB138 million); a depreciation of one
                  hundred basis points of the US dollar against the RMB would decrease both the
                  Group’s net profit and equity by RMB826 million (31 December 2018: decrease by
                  RMB138 million).


                  The sensitivity analysis mentioned above is based on a static foreign exchange
                  exposure profile of assets and liabilities that contains the following assumptions:


                  a.     The sensitivity of each type of exchange rate refers to the exchange gain or loss
                         caused by a fluctuation in the absolute value of closing foreign currency rate by
                         one hundred basis points against the RMB’s average rate on the reporting date;


                  b.     The fluctuation of exchange rates by one hundred basis points is based on the
                         assumption of exchange rates movement from the current reporting date to the
                         next reporting date;


                  c.     The fluctuation of exchange rates for all foreign currencies represents the
                         fluctuation of exchange rates in US dollars and other foreign currencies against
                         RMB in the same direction simultaneously. Due to the immaterial proportion of
                         the Group’s total assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than US
                         dollars, other foreign currencies are converted into US dollars through sensitivity
                         analysis;


                  d.     The foreign exchange exposures calculated includes spot and forward foreign
                         exchange exposures and swaps;
                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   439




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.3 Market risk (continued)

       (2)   Currency risk (continued)

             e.   Other variables (including interest rates) remained unchanged; and


             f.   The analysis does not take into account the effect of risk management measures
                  taken by the Group.


             Due to the adoption of the aforementioned assumptions, the actual changes in the
             Group’s net profit or loss and equity caused by the increase or decrease in exchange
             rates might vary from the estimated results of this sensitivity analysis.


       (3)   Interest rate risk

             Interest rate risk refers to the adverse changes of the level of interest rate, term
             structure and other factors, which lead to loss on the economic value and bank
             revenue. Interest rate risk include gap risk, basis risk and option risk, and the gap risk
             and basis risk is the mainly sources of risk for the Group.


             The primary techniques applied by the Group in measuring and analysing interest
             rate risk are mainly scenario analyses, re pricing gap analyses, duration analyses and
             stress testing. The Group manage the interest rate risk in the frame of the exposure
             limit by monthly monitoring and reporting.


             The Group closely monitors trends of interest rate changes for both RMB and foreign
             currencies, follows market interest rate changes, performs proper scenario analyses,
             and adjusts interest rates of deposits and loans in both RMB and foreign currencies
             to manage interest rate risk.
440   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.3 Market risk (continued)

            (3)   Interest rate risk (continued)

                  The following tables present the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk, indicating net
                  carrying amounts of assets and liabilities based on their contractual repricing dates (or
                  maturity dates whichever are earlier).


                                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                          Less than       3 to 12       1 to 5   More than Non-interest
                                                          3 months       months         years      5 years      bearing       Total


                    Assets:
                    Cash and balances with central bank     365,248            —            —            —        5,907    371,155
                    Balances with banks and
                      other financial institutions             48,864       4,200           —            —         116      53,180
                    Placements with banks and
                      other financial institutions             87,593    149,111       11,390            —         471     248,565
                    Financial assets held under
                      resale agreements                        62,204       3,486           —            —         109      65,799
                    Loans and advances to customers       2,326,182      583,392      383,625      112,174       25,054   3,430,427
                    Financial investment                    435,701      426,265     1,039,163     241,350       41,826   2,184,305
                    Long-term receivables                   116,593            —            —            —           —     116,593
                    Other assets                                   —           —            —            —      211,817    211,817


                    Total assets                          3,442,385     1,166,454    1,434,178     353,524      285,300   6,681,841


                    Liabilities:
                    Borrowings from central bank                 125     196,810            —            —        1,908    198,843
                    Deposits and placements from banks
                      and other financial institutions      872,433      283,515        2,000            —        5,106   1,163,054
                    Borrowings from banks and
                      other financial institutions             39,429     58,817       20,991       12,264         794     132,295
                    Financial assets sold under
                      repurchase agreements                    77,651     23,727           60            —         267     101,705
                    Deposits from customers               2,560,332      605,982      437,724            50      32,946   3,637,034
                    Debt securities issued                  306,176      319,427       73,390      113,926        4,306    817,225
                    Lease liabilities                            687        1,990       6,236        1,507           —      10,420
                    Other liabilities                            729           —            —        3,213       86,494     90,436


                    Total liabilities                     3,857,562     1,490,268     540,401      130,960      131,821   6,151,012


                    Interest rate repricing gap            (415,177)     (323,814)    893,777      222,564      153,479    530,829
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2019    441




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.3 Market risk (continued)

       (3)   Interest rate risk (continued)

                                                                               31 December 2018
                                                                                                             Non-
                                                    Less than      3 to 12       1 to 5   More than       interest
                                                    3 months      months         years      5 years       bearing           Total


              Assets:
              Cash and balances with central bank     382,297           —            —            —         6,984      389,281
              Balances with banks and
                other financial institutions           44,938        6,573         643            —            —        52,154
              Placements with banks and
                other financial institutions           65,678     156,307       24,540            —            —       246,525
              Financial assets held under
                resale agreements                      37,862        1,328           —            —            —        39,190
              Loans and advances to customers       2,371,409     346,628      228,890       61,345            —      3,008,272
              Financial investment                    312,315     553,118      874,195      223,570         6,819     1,970,017
              Long-term receivables                   110,824           —            —            —            —       110,824
              Other assets                               647         1,254           —            —       176,658      178,559


              Total assets                          3,325,970    1,065,208    1,128,268     284,915       190,461     5,994,822


              Liabilities:
              Borrowings from central bank             35,557     268,766            —            —            —       304,323
              Deposits and placements from banks
                and other financial institutions      831,636     256,795        3,429            —            —      1,091,860
              Borrowings from banks and
                other financial institutions           38,311      52,682       17,757       16,293            —       125,043
              Financial assets sold under
                repurchase agreements                  86,388        1,522       1,777            —            —        89,687
              Deposits from customers               2,374,619     645,563      174,094         165             —      3,194,441
              Debt securities issued                  201,846     258,626      116,220       97,831            —       674,523
              Other liabilities                          967            —            —            20       82,957       83,944


              Total liabilities                     3,569,324    1,483,954     313,277      114,309        82,957     5,563,821


              Interest rate repricing gap            (243,354)    (418,746)    814,991      170,606       107,504      431,001
442   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.3 Market risk (continued)

            (3)   Interest rate risk (continued)

                  If yield curves for respective currencies move in parallel for 100 basis points on 1
                  January, their potential impact on the Group’s net interest income and shareholders’
                  equity for the following year is as follows:


                                                                              31 December       31 December
                                                                                       2019                 2018
                                                                                (Loss)/gain       (Loss)/gain


                    Up 100 bps parallel shift in yield curves                         (3,635)          (2,775)
                    Down 100 bps parallel shift in yield curves                       3,635             2,775



                  In performing the interest rate sensitivity analysis, the Group and the Bank have made
                  general assumptions in defining business terms and financial parameters, but have
                  not considered the following:


                  a.     business changes after the end of the reporting period, as the analysis is
                         performed based on the static gap at the end of the reporting period;


                  b.     the impact of interest rate fluctuations on customers’ behaviour;


                  c.     the complicated relationship between complex structured products (e.g.
                         embedded call options and other derivative financial instruments) and interest
                         rate fluctuations;


                  d.     the impact of interest rate fluctuations on market prices;


                  e.     the impact of interest rate fluctuations on off-balance sheet products;


                  f.     the impact of interest rate fluctuations on fair value of financial instruments;


                  g.     other variables (including foreign exchange rate); and


                  h.     other risk management measures in the Group.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   443




                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                    (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.4 Liquidity risk

       Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to promptly obtain funds at reasonable
       cost to repay maturing liabilities, discharge other payment obligations and meet other
       funding needs in the course of normal operations.


       During the reporting period, the Bank’s subsidiaries manage their respective liquidity risks
       according to the Group’s liquidity risk management framework, and the Bank manages the
       liquidity risk of all its branches and business lines.


       The Bank is exposed to daily calls on its available cash resources from overnight deposits,
       demand deposits, maturing time deposits, loan drawdowns, guarantees and other calls
       on cash-settled derivatives. The Bank does not maintain cash resources to meet all these
       needs, as experience shows that a minimum level of reinvestment of maturing funds can
       be predicted with a high level of certainty. The Bank sets limits on the minimum proportion
       of maturing funds available to meet such calls and on the minimum level of interbank and
       other borrowing facilities that should be in place to cover withdrawals at unexpected levels
       of demand.


       During the reporting period, the Bank was required to maintain 9.5% of the total RMB
       denominated deposits and 5.0% of the total foreign currency denominated balances as
       statutory reserves with the PBOC.


       Liquidity requirements to support calls under guarantees and standby letters of credit are
       considerably less than the full amounts under commitments, because the Bank does not
       generally expect the third party to fully draw funds under those agreements. The total
       outstanding contractual amount of commitments to extend credit does not necessarily
       represent future cash requirements, since many of these commitments will expire or
       terminate without being funded.
444   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)

            (1)   Liquidity risk management policy

                  The Bank and its subsidiaries separately and independently develop their liquidity risk
                  management policies.


                  The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for liquidity risk management including
                  reviewing and approving liquidity risk appetite, liquidity risk management strategy,
                  major policies and procedures. The Bank’s Senior Management is responsible for
                  formulating liquidity risk management policies according to the development strategy
                  of the Bank. The Assets and Liabilities Management Department is responsible for the
                  daily liquidity risk management through the following procedures:


                  —      To manage the day-to-day position through monitoring the future cash flow
                         to ensure it meets the required fund position, including matured deposits and
                         replenishment of funds for loan demand. The Bank actively participates in global
                         money market transactions to ensure that the Bank’s funding requirements are
                         satisfied;


                  —      To set ratio requirements and transactions limits to help monitor and manage
                         liquidity risks. The ratios include but are not limited to liquidity coverage ratios,
                         liquidity ratios and net stable funding ratios;


                  —      To measure and monitor cash flows through the Bank’s asset and liabilities
                         management system, and perform liquidity scenario analyses and stress testing
                         on overall assets and liabilities to satisfy internal and external requirements.
                         Various techniques are used to estimate the Bank’s liquidity requirements, and
                         liquidity risk management decisions are made based on the estimated liquidity
                         requirements and within respective terms of reference. A periodical reporting
                         system is established to promptly update Senior Management on latest liquidity
                         risk information;


                  —      To monitor the maturity concentration risk of financial assets and hold an
                         appropriate quantity of high-liquidity and high-market-value assets to ensure the
                         Bank is well positioned to fund its repayment obligations and business growth in
                         the event of an interruption of cash flows due to whatever causes.
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2019        445




                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                         (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)

       (2)   Maturity analysis

             The following tables analyse the Group’s assets and liabilities based on remaining
             periods to repayment as at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                             31 December 2019
                                                                  Repayable Less than          1 to 3    3 to 12        1 to 5 More than
                                                    Indefinite   on demand 1 month            months    months          years    5 years         Total

              Assets:
              Cash and balances with central bank    323,472         47,683           —            —            —           —           —     371,155
              Balances with banks and
                other financial institutions               —         44,479        2,394        2,065       4,242           —           —      53,180
              Placements with banks and
                other financial institutions              262            —       52,252       35,405      149,257      11,389           —     248,565
              Financial assets held under
                resale agreements                         —              —       58,193        4,065         3,541          —          —        65,799
              Loans and advances to customers         25,729          8,184     376,938      203,774     1,014,375   1,016,649    784,778    3,430,427
              Financial investments                  157,336          1,232      66,430      204,161       443,136   1,067,491    244,519    2,184,305
              Long-term receivables                    1,952          1,518       4,582        7,930        37,110      51,158     12,343      116,593
              Other assets                           116,488         22,052      16,566       12,990        28,658      13,724      1,339      211,817

              Total assets                           625,239        125,148     577,355      470,390     1,680,319   2,160,411   1,042,979   6,681,841

              Liabilities:
              Borrowings from central bank                 —             —            21         109      198,713           —           —     198,843
              Deposits and placements
                from banks and other
                financial institutions                     —        257,835     237,363      381,444      284,236       2,176           —    1,163,054
              Borrowings from banks and
                other financial institutions               —             —       13,809       25,905       59,274      21,020      12,287     132,295
              Financial assets sold under
                repurchase agreements                      —             —       38,205       39,679       23,761          60          —       101,705
              Deposits from customers                      —      1,412,935     809,633      339,780      615,567     459,069          50    3,637,034
              Debt securities issued                       —             —       46,930      261,079      321,921      73,332     113,963      817,225
              Lease liabilities                            —             —          309          378        1,990       6,236       1,507       10,420
              Other liabilities                         2,145        33,145      17,517       10,882       22,571       2,085       2,091       90,436

              Total liabilities                         2,145     1,703,915    1,163,787    1,059,256    1,528,033    563,978     129,898    6,151,012

              Net position                           623,094     (1,578,767)    (586,432)    (588,866)    152,286    1,596,433    913,081     530,829


              Notional amount of derivatives               —             —      471,559      602,402     2,094,200    691,455       5,444    3,865,060
446   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)

            (2)   Maturity analysis (continued)

                                                                                                   31 December 2018
                                                                        Repayable Less than          1 to 3    3 to 12        1 to 5 More than
                                                          Indefinite   on demand 1 month            months    months          years    5 years       Total

                    Assets:
                    Cash and balances with central bank    336,665         52,616            —           —            —           —         —     389,281
                    Balances with banks and
                      other financial institutions               —         37,969         3,054       3,915       6,573         643         —      52,154
                    Placements with banks and
                      other financial institutions               —              —       43,427      22,251      156,307      24,540         —     246,525
                    Financial assets held under
                      resale agreements                          —             —        36,962         900        1,328          —          —       39,190
                    Loans and advances to customers          35,418         7,464      524,849     216,902      904,474     794,671    524,494   3,008,272
                    Financial investments                    71,890           761       83,987     113,208      564,827     909,018    226,326   1,970,017
                    Long-term receivables                     3,522            59        5,199       5,274       26,333      58,329     12,108     110,824
                    Other assets                             39,458        11,945       13,854       7,881       35,683      31,313     38,425     178,559

                    Total assets                           486,953        110,814      711,332     370,331     1,695,525   1,818,514   801,353   5,994,822

                    Liabilities:
                    Borrowings from central bank                 —              —         9,130     26,427      268,766           —         —     304,323
                    Deposits and placements
                      from banks and other
                      financial institutions                     —        176,492      292,203     362,941      256,795       3,429         —    1,091,860
                    Borrowings from banks and
                      other financial institutions               —              —       17,289      21,022       52,682      17,757     16,293    125,043
                    Financial assets sold under
                      repurchase agreements                      —             —        78,834       7,554        1,522       1,777         —       89,687
                    Deposits from customers                      —      1,326,493      665,344     382,782      645,563     174,094        165   3,194,441
                    Debt securities issued                       —             —        26,207     173,955      258,626     116,220     99,515     674,523
                    Other liabilities                         1,950        13,449       34,751      12,160       16,606       4,633        395      83,944

                    Total liabilities                         1,950     1,516,434     1,123,758    986,841     1,500,560    317,910    116,368   5,563,821

                    Net position                           485,003      (1,405,620)    (412,426)   (616,510)    194,965    1,500,604   684,985    431,001


                    Notional amount of derivatives               —              —      590,542     669,595     1,675,640    443,834     12,622   3,392,233
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2019      447




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)

       (3)   Analysis on contractual undiscounted cash flows of non-derivative financial
             assets and liabilities

             The following tables analyse the Group’s contractual undiscounted cash flows of non-
             derivative financial assets and liabilities as at the end of the reporting period. The
             Group manages inherent liquidity risk based on its estimation of expected future cash
             flows.

                                                                             31 December 2019
                                                                                                      More than
                                                                                                         5 years
                                                    Less than     1 to 3     3 to 12        1 to 5           and
                                                     1 month     months      months         years      indefinite          Total

              Financial assets:
              Cash and balances with central bank      47,962          —           —            —       328,555       376,517
              Balances with banks and
                other financial institutions           46,890      2,072       4,261            —             —           53,223
              Placements with banks and
                other financial institutions           52,255     37,122     152,228       11,653            262      253,520
              Financial assets held under
                resale agreements                      58,218      4,084        3,728          —              —        66,030
              Loans and advances to customers         390,855    214,028    1,051,049   1,140,453      1,240,174    4,036,559
              Financial investments                    76,808    207,935      478,595   1,164,444        406,502    2,334,284
              Long-term receivables                     6,633      8,614       41,028      61,327         21,770      139,372
              Other financial assets                   23,568      2,803        6,183       2,961         25,423       60,938

              Total financial assets
                (expected maturity date)              703,189    476,658    1,737,072   2,380,838      2,022,686    7,320,443

              Financial liabilities:
              Borrowings from central bank                21         111     203,316            —             —      203,448
              Deposits and placements from banks
                and other financial institutions      496,522    383,424     288,516        2,360             —     1,170,822
              Borrowings from banks and
                other financial institutions           13,966     26,454      60,980       24,019         13,442     138,861
              Financial assets sold
                under repurchase agreements            38,233     39,848      24,000           64            —        102,145
              Deposits from customers               2,222,577    339,867     615,779      480,690         3,869     3,662,782
              Debt securities issued                   47,172    266,818     334,482       97,303       130,043       875,818
              Lease liabilities                           346        423       2,225        6,970         1,685        11,649
              Other financial liabilities              14,726      7,384      10,747        1,361         2,212        36,430

              Total financial liabilities
                (contractual maturity date)         2,833,563   1,064,329   1,540,045     612,767       151,251     6,201,955
448   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)

            (3)   Analysis on contractual undiscounted cash flows of non-derivative financial
                  assets and liabilities (continued)

                                                                                   31 December 2018
                                                                                                            More than
                                                                                                              5 years
                                                          Less than      1 to 3     3 to 12      1 to 5           and
                                                           1 month      months     months        years      indefinite       Total


                    Financial assets:
                    Cash and balances with central bank        52,924        —           —             —      341,952     394,876
                    Balances with banks and
                      other financial institutions             40,895     3,934      6,625            640          —       52,094
                    Placements with banks and
                      other financial institutions             43,503    22,438    160,688      26,321             —      252,950
                    Financial assets held under
                      resale agreements                        36,994      901       1,328             —           —       39,223
                    Loans and advances to customers         594,779     243,854    990,856    1,017,025       877,453    3,723,967
                    Financial investments                      90,021   124,043    612,667    1,015,377       327,245    2,169,353
                    Long-term receivables                       5,831     5,938     29,876      69,709         22,219     133,573
                    Other financial assets                     25,812     7,891     35,733      31,313         77,884     178,633


                    Total financial assets
                      (expected maturity date)              890,759     408,999   1,837,773   2,160,385     1,646,753    6,944,669


                    Financial liabilities:
                    Borrowings from central bank                9,141    26,566    274,260             —           —      309,967
                    Deposits and placements from banks
                      and other financial institutions      466,060     365,093    260,498       3,736             —     1,095,387
                    Borrowings from banks and
                      other financial institutions             17,341    21,209     54,085      19,478         21,601     133,714
                    Financial assets sold under
                      repurchase agreements                    78,879     7,588      1,540       1,777             —       89,784
                    Deposits from customers               1,991,206     384,774    657,669     189,469            169    3,223,287
                    Debt securities issued                     26,240   175,050    264,013     126,345        134,363     726,011
                    Other financial liabilities                20,481     4,071      5,901       3,677            661      34,791


                    Total financial liabilities
                      (contractual maturity date)         2,609,348     984,351   1,517,966    344,482        156,794    5,612,941
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2019      449




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)

       (4)   Analysis on contractual undiscounted cash flows of derivatives

             (a)   Derivatives settled on a net basis

                   The Group’s derivatives that will be settled on a net basis include:


                   Interest rate derivatives        Interest rate swaps;

                   Credit derivatives               Credit default swaps.


                   The following tables analyse the Group’s contractual undiscounted cash flows of
                   derivatives to be settled on a net basis as at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                          31 December 2019
                                                Less than     1 to 3       3 to 12     1 to 5     More than
                                                 1 month     months       months        years       5 years            Total

                    Interest rate derivatives         (64)      (129)         (69)        (332)           18            (576)
                    Credit derivatives                 (1)        (1)          —            (1)           —               (3)

                    Total                             (65)      (130)         (69)        (333)           18            (579)



                                                                          31 December 2018
                                                Less than     1 to 3       3 to 12     1 to 5     More than
                                                 1 month     months       months        years       5 years            Total

                    Interest rate derivatives         (25)       (53)        (224)        (797)          (26)          (1,125)
                    Credit derivatives                 —          —            —             1            —                 1

                    Total                             (25)       (53)        (224)        (796)          (26)          (1,124)
450   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)

            (4)   Analysis on contractual undiscounted cash flows of derivatives (continued)

                  (b)    Derivatives settled on a gross basis

                         The Group’s derivatives that will be settled on a gross basis include:


                         Foreign exchange derivatives                Foreign exchange forwards, currency swaps
                                                                     and currency options

                         Precious metal derivatives                  Precious metal forwards, swaps and options

                         Other derivatives                           Futures and equity derivatives


                         The following tables analyse the Group’s contractual undiscounted cash flows of
                         derivatives to be settled on a gross basis as at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                  31 December 2019
                                                               Less than      1 to 3       3 to 12     1 to 5
                                                                1 month     months        months       years          Total


                          Foreign exchange derivatives
                             — Cash outflow                     (307,018)   (331,733)   (1,251,470)   (43,409)   (1,933,630)
                             — Cash inflow                       306,978    331,675     1,251,525     44,480     1,934,658


                          Precious metal derivatives
                             — Cash outflow                      (24,989)    (24,501)      (89,797)    (4,266)    (143,553)
                             — Cash inflow                        24,948     24,137        88,114      4,266       141,465


                          Total cash outflow                    (332,007)   (356,234)   (1,341,267)   (47,675)   (2,077,183)


                          Total cash inflow                      331,926    355,812     1,339,639     48,746     2,076,123
                                                                                              Annual Report 2019   451




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                           (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)

       (4)   Analysis on contractual undiscounted cash flows of derivatives (continued)

             (b)   Derivatives settled on a gross basis (continued)

                                                                        31 December 2018
                                                   Less than        1 to 3       3 to 12        1 to 5
                                                    1 month       months        months           years          Total


                    Foreign exchange derivatives
                      — Cash outflow                (428,247)    (386,427)     (804,983)       (10,788)   (1,630,445)
                      — Cash inflow                  427,853      386,064       804,283         10,787     1,628,987


                    Precious metal derivatives
                      — Cash outflow                 (34,454)     (21,620)     (136,492)            —       (192,566)
                      — Cash inflow                   34,598       20,177        80,989             —        135,764


                    Others
                      — Cash outflow                      —             —         (3,639)           —          (3,639)
                      — Cash inflow                       —             —          3,639            —          3,639


                    Total cash outflow              (462,701)    (408,047)     (945,114)       (10,788)   (1,826,650)


                    Total cash inflow                462,451      406,241       888,911         10,787     1,768,390
452   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

      10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)

            (5)   Analysis on contractual undiscounted cash flows of commitments

                  Management treats contractual maturity as the best estimate for analysing liquidity
                  risk of off-balance sheet items, unless an objective evidence of default is identified.


                                                                           31 December 2019
                                                               Less than     1 to 5   More than
                                                                  1 year     years      5 years       Total


                    Bank acceptances                             542,571        —             —    542,571
                    Letters of credit                            132,847     4,125            —    136,972
                    Guarantees                                    72,634    71,583       15,029    159,246
                    Unused credit card commitments               440,038        —             —    440,038
                    Capital commitments                             674        346            —      1,020
                    Irrevocable loan commitments                   9,307    36,603            —     45,910
                    Finance lease commitments                       689         —             —        689


                    Total                                      1,198,760   112,657       15,029   1,326,446



                                                                           31 December 2018
                                                               Less than     1 to 5   More than
                                                                  1 year     years      5 years       Total

                    Bank acceptances                             518,408        —             —    518,408
                    Letters of credit                            113,092       115            —    113,207
                    Guarantees                                    75,761    58,240        2,863    136,864
                    Unused credit card commitments               231,054        —             —    231,054
                    Capital commitments                            6,548    11,852            —     18,400
                    Operating lease commitments                    3,245     9,516        1,388     14,149
                    Irrevocable loan commitments                    726      1,914        1,348      3,988
                    Finance lease commitments                      2,056     1,137            —      3,193


                    Total                                        950,890    82,774        5,599   1,039,263
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   453




                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                    (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)

   10.5 Operational risk

       Operational risk refers to the risk of loss due to deficient and flawed internal procedures,
       personnel and information technology (IT) system, or external events. The operational risk
       of the Group mainly comprises internal and external fraud, employment system, and safety
       of working places, events related to customers, products and operation, damages of
       tangible assets, interruption of business, failure of IT system, implementation, delivery and
       process management.


       The Bank devoted to promoting the implementation of the three major operational risk
       management tools in the Bank and the establishment of operational risk management
       information system, according to the regulatory requirements of operational risk. The
       Bank has carried out Risk Control Self Assessment (RCSA), established key risk indicator
       monitoring system and internal loss issue management system regarding operational
       risk. Besides, the Bank conducted operational risk cost measurement and enhanced the
       outsourcing risk management, and promoted the establishment of business continuity
       management. Furthermore, the Bank focused on investigation of the risk on business field
       systematically.


   10.6 Country risk

       The Group is exposed to country risk which mainly arises from overseas credit business,
       bond investment, bill business, interbank financing, financial derivative trading, offshore
       leasing business, investment banking business, securities investment and establishment of
       overseas institutions.


       Country risk management is included in the comprehensive risk management system of
       the Group and serves the objective of business strategy of the Bank. The Group manages
       and controls country risk through a number of tools including risk assessment and rating,
       limit setting, monitoring, improvement to review procedures, and formulation of polices to
       accrue country risk reserve.


   10.7 Capital management

       In managing capital, the Group aims to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements,
       continuously improve its ability to mitigate risks and enhance the return on its capital.
       On this basis, the Group has set its capital adequacy objectives, and taken a range
       of measures, including budgeting/planning and performance measurement and limit
       management, to ensure the realisation of management objectives. This helps meet the
       requirements for regulatory compliance, credit rating, risk premium and shareholder return;
       promote the Group’s risk management; ensure an orderly expansion of asset bases; and
       enhance business structures and models.
454   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)
      10.7 Capital management (continued)

            Capital adequacy and the use of regulatory capital are monitored regularly by the Group’s
            management based on regulations issued by the CBIRC. The required information is filed
            with the CBIRC by the Group and the Bank quarterly.


            On 1 January 2013, the Group started computing the capital adequacy ratios in
            accordance with The Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional) and other relevant
            regulations promulgated by the CBIRC.


            The CBIRC requires commercial banks to meet the requirements of capital adequacy
            ratios by the end of 2018 in accordance with The Capital Rules for Commercial Banks
            (Provisional). For systemically important banks, each bank is required to maintain the core
            tier-one capital adequacy ratio, tier-one capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio
            not below the minimum of 8.50%, 9.50% and 11.50%, respectively. For non-systemically
            important banks, the minimum ratios for core tier-one capital adequacy ratio, tier-one capital
            adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio are 7.50%, 8.50% and 10.50%, respectively. In
            addition, those individual banking subsidiaries or branches incorporated outside Chinese
            mainland are also directly regulated and supervised by their local banking supervisors. There
            are certain differences in the capital adequacy requirements of different countries.


            The on-balance sheet risk-weighted assets are measured using different risk weights,
            which are determined in accordance with Appendix 2 of The Capital Rules for Commercial
            Banks (Provisional), taking into account any eligible collateral or guarantees. A similar
            treatment is adopted for off-balance sheet exposure, with adjustments made to reflect the
            contingent nature of any potential losses. The counterparty credit risk-weighted assets
            for OTC derivatives are the summation of default risk-weighted assets and credit value
            adjustment (“CVA”). Market risk-weighted assets are calculated using the standardised
            approach. Operational risk-weighted assets are calculated using basic indicator approach.


            The Group computes the following core tier-one capital adequacy ratio, tier-one capital
            adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio in accordance with The Capital Rules for
            Commercial Banks (Provisional) and relevant requirements promulgated by the CBIRC.
            The requirements pursuant to these regulations may have certain differences comparing to
            those applicable in Hong Kong and other countries.


            The capital adequacy ratios and related components of the Group are computed
            in accordance with the statutory financial statements of the Group prepared under
            Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises (“ASBE”). During the period, the Group has
            complied in full with all its externally imposed capital requirements.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2019   455




                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                          (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

10 Financial risk management (continued)
   10.7 Capital management (continued)
       The Group calculates the core tier-one capital adequacy ratio, tier-one capital adequacy
       ratio and capital adequacy ratio in accordance with The Capital Rules for Commercial
       Banks (Provisional) and relevant requirements promulgated by the CBIRC as below:


                                                                               31 December          31 December
                                                                                      2019                 2018

        Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                            8.89%                8.93%

        Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                               10.28%                 9.16%

        Capital adequacy ratio                                                        13.17%               11.75%

        Components of capital base
        Core tier-one capital:
          Share capital                                                                43,782               43,782
          Valid portion of capital reserve                                             57,411               57,470
          Surplus reserve                                                              45,162               39,911
          General reserve                                                              81,657               74,370
          Retained earnings                                                           218,746              193,131
          Valid portion of non-controlling interests                                    7,580                6,997
          Others                                                                        2,227                1,518

        Total core tier-one capital                                                   456,565              417,179

        Core tier-one capital deductions                                                (1,477)              (1,453)

        Net core tier-one capital                                                     455,088              415,726
        Other tier-one capital                                                         70,871               10,824

        Net tier-one capital                                                          525,959              426,550

        Tier-two capital:
          Valid portion of tier-two capital instruments
           issued and share premium                                                   113,926               98,900
          Surplus provision for loan impairment                                        31,837               19,966
          Valid portion of non-controlling interests                                    2,019                1,865

        Net tier-two capital                                                          147,782              120,731

        Net capital base                                                              673,741              547,281

        Credit risk-weighted assets                                                 4,733,503            4,281,596

        Market risk-weighted assets                                                    88,596               95,209

        Operational risk-weighted assets                                              294,927              279,481

        Total risk-weighted assets                                                  5,117,026            4,656,286
456   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

11 Fair value of financial instruments

      Fair value estimates are generally subjective in nature, and are made as of a specific point in
      time based on the characteristics of the financial instruments and relevant market information.
      The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial
      instruments:


      Level 1:      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that
                     the Group can access at the measurement date. This level includes listed equity
                     securities and debt instruments on exchanges (e.g. London Stock Exchange,
                     Frankfurt Stock Exchange, New York Stock Exchange) and exchange-traded
                     derivatives like futures (e.g. NASDAQ, S&P 500).

      Level 2:      Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for
                     assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly. A majority of the debt securities
                     classified as Level 2 are RMB bonds. The fair value of these bonds are determined
                     based on the valuation results provided by China Central Depository Trust &
                     Clearing Co., Ltd., which are determined based on a valuation technique for which
                     all significant inputs are observable market data. This level includes a majority of
                     OTC derivative contracts, traded loans and issued structured debts. The most
                     frequently applied valuation techniques include forward pricing and swap models,
                     using present value calculations. Input parameters like China Bond interbank yield
                     curves, LIBOR yield curves or counterparty credit risk are sourced from Bloomberg
                     and Reuters.

      Level 3:      Unobservable inputs for assets or liabilities. This level includes equity investments
                     and debt instruments with one or more than one significant unobservable
                     component. These financial instruments are valued using cash flow discount model.
                     The models incorporate various non-observable assumptions such as discount rate
                     and market rate volatilities.


      As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of financial instrument valued with significant
      unobservable inputs were immaterial, and the effects of changes in significant unobservable
      assumptions to reasonably possible alternative assumptions were also immaterial.


      This hierarchy requires the use of observable open market data wherever possible. The Group
      tries it best to consider relevant and observable market prices in valuations.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   457




                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

11 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)
    11.1 Financial instruments recorded at fair value

        The following tables show an analysis of financial instruments recorded at fair value by level
        of the fair value hierarchy:


                                                                       31 December 2019
                                                        Level 1         Level 2    Level 3                 Total

         Assets
         Financial assets which are measured at
           fair value on a recurring basis:
         Financial assets at fair value through
           profit or loss
           — Debt securities                             32,240          82,797             750         115,787
           — Equity investments                          16,141              —            5,130          21,271
           — Investment funds                           125,798              —               —          125,798
           — Specialised asset management plans              —           71,843          12,158          84,001
           — Wealth management products                      —               —          178,201         178,201
           — Others                                          —               —            3,280           3,280
         Financial assets at fair value through
           other comprehensive income
           — Debt securities                             83,640         425,334            1,828        510,802
           — Equity investments                              —              961            1,125          2,086
         Loans and advances to customers
           designated at fair value through
           other comprehensive income                          —        172,218                —        172,218
         Derivative financial assets
           — Precious metal derivatives                        —         16,471                —         16,471
           — Foreign exchange derivatives                      —         13,782                —         13,782
           — Others                                            —            847                —            847

         Total                                          257,819         784,253         202,472       1,244,544


         Liabilities
         Financial liabilities which are measured
           at fair value on a recurring basis:
         Derivative financial liabilities
           — Foreign exchange derivatives                      —        (13,521)               —        (13,521)
           — Precious metal derivatives                        —         (3,066)               —         (3,066)
           — Others                                            —         (1,206)               —         (1,206)
         Financial liabilities at fair value through
           profit or loss                                      —          (1,996)         (3,188)         (5,184)

         Total                                                 —        (19,789)          (3,188)       (22,977)
458   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

11 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

      11.1 Financial instruments recorded at fair value (continued)

            The following tables show an analysis of financial instruments recorded at fair value by level
            of the fair value hierarchy: (continued)
                                                                          31 December 2018
                                                               Level 1     Level 2    Level 3      Total

              Assets
              Financial assets which are measured
                at fair value on a recurring basis:
              Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss
                — Debt securities                               29,022     59,963       2,486     91,471
                — Equity investments                             8,225        520       4,591     13,336
                — Investment funds                              56,859         —           —      56,859
                — Specialised asset management plans                —     148,172      12,219    160,391
                — Wealth management products                        —          —       58,871     58,871
                — Others                                            —          —          165        165

              Financial assets at fair value through
                other comprehensive income
                — Debt securities                               62,527    394,860       3,681    461,068
                — Equity investments                                —          —          625        625

              Loans and advances to customers
                designated at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                          —      98,311          —      98,311

              Derivative financial assets
                — Foreign exchange derivatives                      —      16,606          —      16,606
                — Precious metal derivatives                        —      14,080          —      14,080
                — Others                                            —       2,426          —       2,426

              Total                                            156,633    734,938      82,638    974,209


              Liabilities
              Financial liabilities which are measured
                at fair value on a recurring basis:
              Derivative financial liabilities
                — Foreign exchange derivatives                      —     (15,600)         —     (15,600)
                — Precious metal derivatives                        —      (1,934)         —      (1,934)
                — Others                                            —        (466)         —        (466)
              Financial liabilities at fair value through
                profit or loss                                    (121)      (866)         —        (987)

              Total                                               (121)   (18,866)         —     (18,987)
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2019     459




                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

11 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

    11.2 Movement in level 3 financial instruments measured at fair value

        The following table shows a reconciliation of the opening and closing balance of Level 3
        financial assets and liabilities which are recorded at fair value and the movement during the
        period:


                                                                              2019
                                                              Financial
                                                             assets at
                                              Derivative     fair value      Financial assets at fair
                                               financial through profit        value through other
                                                 assets       and loss       comprehensive income
                                                                                   Debt           Equity
                                                                             securities       securities               Total


         As at 1 January                             —          78,332            3,681              625          82,638
           — in loss                                 —           1,642               —                  —              1,642
           — in other comprehensive
             income                                  —               —             (651)                —               (651)
           Purchase                                  —         215,832               —               500         216,332
           Settlement                                —         (96,287)          (1,202)                —         (97,489)


         At 31 December                              —         199,519            1,828            1,125         202,472


         Change in unrealised gain for
           the year included in profit or
           loss for assets/liabilities held
           at the end of the year                    —           1,973               38                 —              2,011
460   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

11 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

      11.2 Movement in level 3 financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)

            The following table shows a reconciliation of the opening and closing balance of Level 3
            financial assets and liabilities which are recorded at fair value and the movement during the
            period: (continued)


                                                                                  2018
                                                                    Financial
                                                                    assets at
                                                    Derivative      fair value   Financial assets at fair
                                                     financial through profit     value through other
                                                        assets      and loss     comprehensive income
                                                                                      Debt           Equity
                                                                                 securities      securities           Total


              At 1 January                                     27    341,784             178            155        342,144
                — in loss                                      —        1,558             —                  —        1,558
                — in other comprehensive
                  income                                       —           —             266                 —         266
                Purchase                                       —       88,917        3,237              500         92,654
                Settlement                                 (27)      (353,927)            —                 (30)   (353,984)


              At 31 December                                   —       78,332        3,681              625         82,638


              Change in unrealised gain for
                the year included in profit or
                loss for assets/liabilities held
                at the end of the year                         —        3,009             —                  —        3,009



      11.3 Transfers among levels

            For the year ended 31 December 2019, the were no transfers among Level 1, Level 2 and
            Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities of the Group.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   461




                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

11 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

    11.4 Fair value of financial assets and liabilities not carried at fair value

        (1)   Cash and balances with central bank, balances with banks and other financial
              institutions, placements with banks and other financial institutions, loans
              and advances to customers, long-term receivables, deposits and placements
              from banks and other financial institutions, borrowings from banks and other
              financial institutions, deposits from customers and financial assets held
              under resale agreements and sold under repurchase agreements


              Given that these financial assets and financial liabilities mainly mature within a year or
              adopt floating interest rates, their book values approximate their fair values.


        (2)   Financial assets measured at amortised cost other than bonds and investment
              securities

              The estimated fair value of debt instrument investments measured at amortised cost
              other than bonds represents the amount of estimated future cash flows expected to
              be received, discounted at current market rates.


        (3)   Financial assets measured at amortised cost-bonds

              The fair value for financial assets measured at amortised cost-bonds which measured
              in cost is based on “bid” market prices or brokers’/dealers’ price quotations. If
              relevant market information is not available, the fair value is based on quote price of
              security products with similar characteristics such as credit risk, materiality and yield.


        (4)   Debt securities issued

              Fair values of debt securities issued are based on quoted market prices. For debt
              securities where quoted market prices are not available, a discounted cash flow
              model is used to calculate their fair value using current market rates appropriate for
              debt securities with similar remaining maturities.
462   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

11 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

      11.4 Fair value of financial assets and liabilities not carried at fair value (continued)

            The following table summarises the carrying amounts, the fair value and the analysis by
            level of the fair value hierarchy of, debt securities issued:


                                                                          31 December 2019
                                                       Carrying
                                                        amount    Fair value    Level 1      Level 2   Level 3


              Financial assets
              Financial assets measured
                at amortised cost                     1,143,079   1,148,271      2,112       913,349   232,810


              Financial liabilities
              Debt securities issued                    817,225     819,872         —        819,872        —



                                                                          31 December 2018
                                                       Carrying
                                                        amount    Fair value    Level 1      Level 2   Level 3


              Financial assets
              Financial assets measured
                at amortised cost                     1,127,231   1,112,704      6,879       849,966   255,859


              Financial liabilities
              Debt securities issued                    674,523     663,187         —        663,187        —



12 Subsequent events

      After the outbreak of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19 outbreak”) in early 2020, a series
      of precautionary and control measures have been and continued to be implemented across the
      country. The Group will pay close attention to the development of the COVID-19 outbreak and
      evaluate its impact on the financial position and operating results of the Group.


13 Comparative figures

      For financial statements disclosure purpose, the Group made reclassification adjustments to
      some comparative figures.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2019    463




                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                  (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

14 Statement of financial position and Statement of Equity Movement of the Bank

                                                                                     31 December            31 December
                                                                                                2019                  2018


    ASSETS
    Cash and balances with central bank                                                     367,624                385,239
    Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                      40,593                38,688
    Precious metals                                                                           15,237                  7,205
    Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                  271,553                264,255
    Positive fair value of derivatives                                                        31,100                33,007
    Financial assets held under resale agreements                                             61,354                35,284
    Loans and advances to customers                                                       3,412,819              2,993,146
    Financial investments:                                                                2,160,548              1,954,382
       — Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                              521,145                378,301
       — Financial assets at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                                501,382                456,904
       — Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                      1,138,021              1,119,177
    Property and equipment                                                                    22,252                22,366
     Right-of-use assets                                                                      13,520                      N/A
     Deferred income tax assets                                                               34,569                29,500
     Investment in subsidiaries                                                                6,634                  6,396
     Other assets                                                                             39,393                36,744


     Total assets                                                                         6,477,196              5,806,212


     LIABILITIES
     Borrowings from central bank                                                           198,408                303,837
     Deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions                  1,168,056              1,098,044
     Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                                1,971                      873
     Derivative financial liabilities                                                         17,665                17,995
     Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                        96,477                88,628
     Deposits from customers                                                              3,607,543              3,167,112
     Lease liabilities                                                                        10,227                      N/A
     Provisions                                                                                1,602                  1,370
     Debt securities issued                                                                 812,089                669,396
     Current income tax liabilities                                                           17,368                  8,578
     Other liabilities                                                                        35,142                37,278


     Total liabilities                                                                    5,966,548              5,393,111
464   China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

14 Statement of financial position and Statement of Equity Movement of the Bank
   (continued)

                                                                   2019        2018


       EQUITY
       Share capital                                             43,782      43,782
       Other equity instrument                                   69,860       9,892
          Including: Preference shares                           29,867       9,892
                     Perpetual bonds                             39,993           —
       Reserves
          Capital reserve                                        57,150      57,150
          Surplus reserve                                        45,162      39,911
          General reserve                                        80,224      73,129
          Other reserves                                          2,077       1,342
       Retained earnings                                        212,393     187,895


       Total equity                                             510,648     413,101


       Total liabilities and equity                            6,477,196   5,806,212
                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2019       465




                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                    (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)

14 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND STATEMENT OF EQUITY MOVEMENT
   OF THE BANK (continued)
                                                                                                   Reserves
                                                            Other                                Investment                  Cash flow
                                               Share       equity   Capital    Surplus   General revaluation Exchange         Hedging     Retained
                                              capital instrument    reserve    reserve   reserve     reserve   reserve         reserve    earnings      Total


    At 31 December 2018                       43,782        9,892   57,150      39,911    73,129       1,285          34           23      187,895    413,101


    (I) Net profit                                —            —         —          —         —           —            —            —       52,507     52,507
    (II) Other comprehensive income,
        net of tax                                —            —         —          —         —         788           (27)         (26)         —         735

    Total comprehensive income                    —            —         —          —         —         788           (27)         (26)     52,507     53,242

    (III) Capital Injection by shareholders
       Capital injection by other equity
        instrument holder                         —       59,968         —          —         —           —            —            —           —      59,968
    (IV) Profit distribution
       1. Appropriation to surplus reserve        —            —         —       5,251        —           —            —            —       (5,251)        —
       2. Appropriation to general reserve        —            —         —          —      7,095          —            —            —       (7,095)        —
       3. Cash dividends                          —            —         —          —         —           —            —            —      (15,663)   (15,663)

    At 31 December 2019                       43,782      69,860    57,150      45,162    80,224       2,073            7           (3)    212,393    510,648



                                                                                                   Reserves
                                                           Other                                 Investment                  Cash flow
                                               Share       equity   Capital    Surplus   General revaluation    Exchange      Hedging     Retained
                                              capital instrument    reserve    reserve   reserve     reserve      reserve      reserve    earnings      Total


    At 31 December 2017                       36,485        9,892   64,447      34,914    73,129      (4,831)         (32)          (3)    158,189    372,190

    Changes in accounting policies                —            —        —           —         —        1,552           —            —      (11,436)    (9,884)
    At 1 January 2018                         36,485        9,892   64,447      34,914    73,129      (3,279)         (32)          (3)    146,753    362,306

    (I) Net profit                                —            —         —          —         —           —            —            —       49,973     49,973
    (II) Other comprehensive income,
        net of tax                                —            —         —          —         —        4,564          66           26           —       4,656

    Total comprehensive income                    —            —         —          —         —        4,564          66           26       49,973     54,629

    (III) Profit distribution
       1. Appropriation to surplus reserve        —            —         —       4,997        —           —            —            —       (4,997)        —
       2. Cash dividends                          —            —         —          —         —           —            —            —       (3,834)    (3,834)

    (IV) Ordinary shares converted from
        capital reserve                        7,297           —     (7,297)        —         —           —            —            —           —          —

    At 31 December 2018                       43,782        9,892   57,150      39,911    73,129       1,285          34           23      187,895    413,101
466    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


1     Liquidity coverage ratio
                                                                              As at              Average              As at              Average
                                                                       31 December           for the year      31 December           for the year
                                                                              2019                of 2019             2018                of 2018

            Liquidity coverage ratio (%)
              (RMB and foreign currency)                                    133.66%             123.34%             121.13%            100.91%



      The above liquidity coverage ratio is calculated in accordance with the formula promulgated by
      the CBIRC and based on the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with
      PRC GAAP.


2     Currency concentrations
                                                                                                 31 December 2019
                                                            Note                  USD                HKD              Others                  Total

            Spot assets                                                       409,199              58,588              55,791            523,578
            Spot liabilities                                                 (346,058)            (34,271)            (26,939)          (407,268)
            Forward purchases                                                 949,694              21,771              99,252         1,070,717
            Forward sales                                                    (975,995)            (41,816)          (133,053)        (1,150,864)


            Net long/(short) position                         (i)              36,840               4,272              (4,949)               36,163



                                                                                                 31 December 2018
                                                            Note                  USD                HKD              Others                  Total

            Spot assets                                                       407,397              49,926              54,116            511,439
            Spot liabilities                                                 (364,100)            (26,233)            (26,143)          (416,476)
            Forward purchases                                                 831,401              19,429              96,399            947,229
            Forward sales                                                    (808,991)            (40,017)          (164,803)        (1,013,811)


            Net long/(short) position                         (i)              65,707               3,105             (40,431)               28,381



      (i)       The net option position is calculated using the delta equivalent approach as required by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority.




      The Group has no structural position in the reported periods.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2019    467




                     Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information (Continued)
                                                  (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3   Loans and advances to customers

    3.1 Lifetime ECL credit-impaired loans by geographical area

                                       31 December 2019                       31 December 2018
                                                   Allowance for                           Allowance for
                                       Impaired       impairment             Impaired         impairment
                                          loans             losses               loans              losses


         Head Office                     15,630             10,268              10,786                7,276
         Yangtze River Delta              5,321              3,239               5,579                3,239
         Pearl River Delta                4,328              2,694               5,352                3,027
         Bohai Rim                        5,753              3,916              10,307                5,860
         North-eastern Region             4,371              3,202               5,016                2,248
         Central Region                  13,800              7,849              12,197                5,859
         Western Region                   6,413              3,494               5,696                3,214
         Overseas and subsidiaries        1,159                 555                 521                   350


         Total                           56,775             35,217              55,454              31,073



    3.2 Loans overdue for more than 3 months by geographical area

                                       31 December 2019                       31 December 2018
                                                   Allowance for                           Allowance for
                                       Overdue        impairment             Overdue          impairment
                                          loans             losses               loans              losses


         Head Office                     14,513              9,877              10,786                7,276
         Yangtze River Delta              4,698              2,969               5,345                3,134
         Pearl River Delta                3,402              2,324               4,625                2,785
         Bohai Rim                        5,243              3,653               9,452                5,454
         North-eastern Region             2,503              1,568               4,124                1,967
         Central Region                  13,035              7,482              11,444                5,456
         Western Region                   3,707              2,374               5,498                3,141
         Overseas and subsidiaries         803                  399                 786                   369


         Total                           47,904             30,646              52,060              29,582
468    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information (Continued)
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4     International claims

                                                                     31 December 2019
                                                      Asia
                                                   pacific
                                                excluding
                                                 Chinese         North                     Other
                                                mainland       America     Europe       Locations     Total


        Banks and other financial
          institutions                              52,797      16,599      16,166          5,185    90,747
        Public sector entities                         892          78          —              —       970
        Others                                    130,622       76,676      13,360         65,292   285,950


        Total                                     184,311       93,353      29,526         70,477   377,667



                                                                     31 December 2018
                                                      Asia
                                                   pacific
                                                excluding
                                                 Chinese         North                     Other
                                                mainland       America     Europe       Locations     Total


        Banks and other financial
          institutions                              59,547      18,270      15,445          1,748    95,010
        Public sector entities                       3,505         137          —              —      3,642
        Others                                      59,384      24,490       8,021         23,166   115,061


        Total                                     122,436       42,897      23,466         24,914   213,713
                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2019         469




                                                                                     Organisation Structure

                                                        Shareholders’ General Meeting
       Board of Supervisors

                                                                  Board of Directors                                        Office of the Board of Directors

Office of the Board of Supervisors
                                                                                                                         Office of Reform and Transformation
(co-working with the Office of the
        Board of Directors)                                          Management


                               Audit Department




    Customer Service                     Product and                        Risk and Compliance                             Back Office
      Departments                     Channel Supporting                        Management                             Supporting Departments
                                         Departments                            Departments


      Corporate Business                 Transaction Banking                    Risk Management           Discipline Inspection and              Executive
         Department                          Department                            Department                Supervision Office                   Office

     Institutional Business               Investment Banking                 Assessment Department           Party-Masses Work                Human Resources
           Department                         Department                                                         Department                     Department

       Personal Finance                     Asset Custody                     Internal Control and               Security                 Development and Planning
         Department                          Department                      Compliance Department              Department                       Department

      Financial Institutions                Bills Business                                                    Fixed Assets and                      IT
                                                                             Legal Affairs Department           Infrastructure
          Department                         Department                                                   Management Department                 Department
                                                                                                            (Headquarters Base
                                                                                 Consumer Rights             Construction Office)
     Supply Chain Finance                Channel Management                   Protection Department                                           Internet Finance
             SBU                             Department                        (co-working with the                                              Department
                                                                             Legal Affairs Department)   Minsheng Research Institute
     Small Business Finance                Financial Markets                                                                                  Asset and Liability
              SBU                             Department                        Asset Monitoring                                           Management Department
                                                                                                          Finance and Accounting
                                                                                  Department
                                                                                                                Department
        Private Banking                   Asset Management                                                                                 Operation Management
                                                                                 Special Assets
              SBU                            Department                                                                                         Department
                                                                             Management Department         London Representative
                                                                               (Tier-2 department)                Office
      Real Estate Finance                    Credit Card
             SBU                               Centre                                                      Office of the Leading
                                                                                                         Group for Inspection Work
         Group Finance                       Direct Bank                                                   (co-working with the
                                                                                                         Discipline Inspection and
             SBU                                 SBU                                                         Supervision Office)

                                        Investment Banking SBU
                                           (Tier-2 department)


                                                                                                                                             Legend:
                                                                 Branches                                                                        Operating Units
470    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




List of Entities

■Beijing                                              ■Wuhan
Entity:         Beijing Branch                        Entity:        Wuhan Branch
Address:        No.2 Fuxingmennei Avenue,             Address:       China Minsheng Bank Tower,
                Xicheng District, Beijing                            No. 396 Xinhua Road,
Postal code:    100031                                               Jianghan District, Wuhan
Tel:            010-58560088                          Postal code:   430000
Fax:            010-58560001                          Tel:           027-85735869
                                                      Fax:           027-85735665


■Shanghai                                             ■Taiyuan
Entity:         Shanghai Branch                       Entity:        Taiyuan Branch
Address:        No.100 Pudong Nan Road,               Address:       3–5/F, 9–21/F, Block 3,
                Pudong New District, Shanghai                        Tower B, Shanxi International Finance
Postal code:    200120                                               Centre, No. 426 Nanzhonghuan Street,
Tel:            021-61877000                                         Xiaodian District, Taiyuan
Fax:            021-61877001                          Postal code:   030006
                                                      Tel:           0351-8208620
                                                      Fax:           0351-8208407


■Guangzhou                                            ■Shijiazhuang
Entity:         Guangzhou Branch                      Entity:        Shijiazhuang Branch
Address:        Minsheng Tower, No.68 Liede Avenue,   Address:       Minsheng Bank Tower,
                Zhujiang New Town,                                   No.197 Yuhua Dong Road,
                Tianhe District, Guangzhou                           Chang’an District, Shijiazhuang
Postal code:    510623                                Postal code:   050000
Tel:            020-38380052                          Tel:           0311-86678522
Fax:            020-37877777                          Fax:           0311-86678522


■Shenzhen                                             ■Dalian
Entity:         Shenzhen Branch                       Entity:        Dalian Branch
Address:        Minsheng Finance Tower,               Address:       Minsheng International Finance Centre,
                Haitian Road,                                        No. 52 Renmin Dong Road,
                Futian District, Shenzhen                            Zhongshan District, Dalian
Postal code:    518038                                Postal code:   116001
Tel:            0755-82806005                         Tel:           0411-62676990
Fax:            0755-82806890                         Fax:           0411-62676985
                                                                                       Annual Report 2019   471




                                                                                      List of Entities


■Nanjing                                             ■Fuzhou
Entity:        Nanjing Branch                        Entity:        Fuzhou Branch
Address:       No. 20 Hongwu Bei Road,               Address:       No. 282 Hudong Road, Gulou District,
               Xuanwu District, Nanjing                             Fuzhou
Postal code:   210005                                Postal code:   350003
Tel:           025-83279000                          Tel:           0591-87617053
Fax:           025-83279002                          Fax:           0591-87617310


■Hangzhou                                            ■Jinan
Entity:        Hangzhou Branch                       Entity:        Jinan Branch
Address:       Block Jinzun, Zunbao Mansion,         Address:       No. 229 Luoyuan Street,
               No.98 Shimin Street,                                 Jinan
               Qianjiang New Town,                   Postal code:   250002
               Jianggan District, Hangzhou           Tel:           0531-86121690
Postal code:   310016                                Fax:           0531-86121690
Tel:           0571-87232682
Fax:           0571-87239789


■Chongqing                                           ■Ningbo
Entity:        Chongqing Branch                      Entity:        Ningbo Branch
Address:       Tongjuyuanjing Building,              Address:       No.815 Juxian Road, Gaoxin District,
               No.9 Jianxin Bei Road,                               Ningbo
               Jiangbei District, Chongqing          Postal code:   315048
Postal code:   400020                                Tel:           0574-87260600
Tel:           023-67695160                          Fax:           0574-83865645
Fax:           023-67695107


■Xi’an                                               ■Chengdu
Entity:        Xi’an Branch                          Entity:        Chengdu Branch
Address:       China Minsheng Bank Tower,            Address:       Block 6, No.966
               No.78 Erhuan Nan Road Xiduan, Xi’an                  Tianfu Avenue Beiduan,
Postal code:   710065                                               Gaoxin District, Chengdu
Tel:           029-61812920                          Postal code:   610042
Fax:           029-88266090                          Tel:           028-85102115
                                                     Fax:           028-85102113
472    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




List of Entities


■Tianjin                                         ■Qingdao
Entity:         Tianjin Branch                   Entity:        Qingdao Branch
Address:        China Minsheng Bank Tower,       Address:       No.190 Hai’er Road,
                No.43 Jianshe Road,                             Laoshan District, Qingdao
                Heping District, Tianjin         Postal code:   266100
Postal code:    300040                           Tel:           0532-58610122
Tel:            022-58925839                     Fax:           0532-85978667
Fax:            022-58925000


■Kunming                                         ■Wenzhou
Entity:         Kunming Branch                   Entity:        Wenzhou Branch
Address:        No. 11800 Caiyun Bei Road,       Address:       Minsheng Bank Finance Tower,
                Kunming                                         No. 1 Huaijiang Road, Lucheng District,
Postal code:    650011                                          Wenzhou
Tel:            0871-68124010                    Postal code:   325000
Fax:            0871-68124777                    Tel:           0577-88903715
                                                 Fax:           0577-88903777


■Quanzhou                                        ■Xiamen
Entity:         Quanzhou Branch                  Entity:        Xiamen Branch
Address:        No.689 Citong Road,              Address:       Xiamen Minsheng Bank Tower,
                Fengze District, Quanzhou                       No. 50 Hubin Nan Road, Siming District,
Postal code:    362000                                          Xiamen
Tel:            0595-28008199                    Postal code:   361000
Fax:            0595-28008180                    Tel:           0592-2383023
                                                 Fax:           0592-2682826


■Suzhou                                          ■Zhengzhou
Entity:         Suzhou Branch                    Entity:        Zhengzhou Branch
Address:        Minsheng Finance Tower,          Address:       Minsheng Bank Tower,
                Block 23, Times Square,                         No.1 CBD Shangwu Waihuan Road,
                Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou                  Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou
Postal code:    215028                           Postal code:   450046
Tel:            0512-67909326                    Tel:           0371-69166932
Fax:            0512-62569005                    Fax:           0371-69166916
                                                                                            Annual Report 2019   473




                                                                                        List of Entities


■Changsha                                               ■Shantou
Entity:        Changsha Branch                          Entity:        Shantou Branch
Address:       Minsheng Tower,                          Address:       1–3/F, Huajing Plaza,
               No.189 Binjiang Road,                                   No.17 Hanjiang Road, Longhu District,
               Yuelu District, Changsha                                Shantou
Postal code:   410013                                   Postal code:   515000
Tel:           0731-84907020                            Tel:           0754-88363056
Fax:           0731-84907010                            Fax:           0754-88363055


■Changchun                                              ■Nanning
Entity:        Changchun Branch                         Entity:        Nanning Branch
Address:       Minsheng Tower,                          Address:       1–3/F, 3M/F, 30–31/F
               No.500 Changchun Street,                                and 36/F, Block C,
               Nanguan District, Changchun                             China Resources Building,
Postal code:   130041                                                  No.136-5 Minzu Avenue, Nanning
Tel:           0431-81212253                            Postal code:   530000
Fax:           0431-88553099                            Tel:           0771-3919304
                                                        Fax:           0771-5772168


■Hefei                                                  ■Hohhot
Entity:        Hefei Branch                             Entity:        Hohhot Branch
Address:       Yinbao Building,                         Address:       China Minsheng Bank Tower,
               Intersection of Wuhu Xi Road and                        Block C, Oriental Jun Zuo,
               Jinzhai Road, Shushan District, Heifei                  No.20 Chilechuan Avenue,
Postal code:   230041                                                  Saihan District, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia
Tel:           0551-65682953                            Postal code:   010010
Fax:           0551-65682901                            Tel:           0471-2849090
                                                        Fax:           0471-2849082


■Nanchang                                               ■Shenyang
Entity:        Nanchang Branch                          Entity:        Shenyang Branch
Address:       No.545 Huizhan Road,                     Address:       No.65 Nanjing Bei Street,
               Honggutan New District, Nanchang                        Heping District, Shenyang
Postal code:   330035                                   Postal code:   110001
Tel:           0791-86751214                            Tel:           024-22587777
Fax:           0791-86761557                            Fax:           024-22587716
474    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




List of Entities


■Hong Kong                                                ■Shanghai
Entity:         Hong Kong Branch                          Entity:        Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch
Address:        40/F, Two International Finance Centre,   Address:       40/F, No.100 Pudong Nan Road,
                8 Finance Street, Central, Hong Kong                     Pudong New District, Shanghai
Postal code:    —                                         Postal code:   200120
Tel:            00852-22816800                            Tel:           021-61877018
Fax:            00852-28992617                            Fax:           021-61875307


■Guiyang                                                  ■Harbin
Entity:         Guiyang Branch                            Entity:        Harbin Branch
Address:        No. 33 Changling Nan Road,                Address:       1–6/F, Zone One, Olympic Centre,
                Gaoxin District, Guiyang                                 No.11 Aijian Road, Daoli District, Harbin
Postal code:    550081                                    Postal code:   150000
Tel:            0851-88508011                             Tel:           0451-58569004
Fax:            0851-88508012                             Fax:           0451-58569000


■Haikou
Entity:         Haikou Branch                             ■Lanzhou
Address:        Zhonghuan International Plaza,            Entity:        Lanzhou Branch
                No. 77 Binhai Avenue,                     Address:       1–4/F, Gansu Daily Press Plaza,
                Longhua District, Haikou                                 No.123 Baiyin Road,
Postal code:    570105                                                   Chengguan District, Lanzhou
Tel:            0898-36797777                             Postal code:   730030
Fax:            0898-36798888                             Tel:           0931-6116100
                                                          Fax:           0931-6116100
■Lhasa
Entity:         Lhasa Branch                              ■Urumqi
Address:        Global Plaza,                             Entity:        Urumqi Branch
                No.8 Beijing Xi Road, Lhasa               Address:       No.314 Yangzijiang Road,
Postal code:    850000                                                   Saybagh District, Urumqi
Tel:            0891-6362490                              Postal code:   830000
Fax:            0891-6363808                              Tel:           0991-5515135
                                                          Fax:           0991-5515044
                                                  Annual Report 2019   475




                                                 List of Entities


■Xining
Entity:        Xining Branch
Address:       1–4/F, Annex Building of
               Telecom Industrial Tower,
               No.102 Kunlun Zhong Road,
               Chengzhong District, Xining
Postal code:   810000
Tel:           0971-8257573
Fax:           0971-8257573


■Yinchuan
Entity:        Yinchuan Branch
Address:       1–5/F, Block 19, Jinhaimingyue,
               No.106 Shanghai Xi Road,
               Jinfeng District, Yinchuan
Postal code:   750004
Tel:           0951-8688713
Fax:           0951-8688726
Statistics of Correspondent Banks of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


 As at the end of 2019, the Bank had
 1,451 correspondent banks in 108
 countries and regions




              Europe

                                   Asia
                                                                          America




           Africa



                                             Oceania
This annual report is printed on environmental paper.




                                                                                        CHINA MINSHENG BANKING CORP., LTD.
                                                                                                                             (a joint stock limited company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China)
                                                                                                                             Stock Code                    USD Preference Share Stock Code 04609




                                                                                      2019 ANNUAL REPORT




                Add. : No. 2, Fuxingmennei Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing, China
                Tel. : (+86-10) 58560666

                                                                                                                                                                                        2019 ANNUAL REPORT
                Fax. : (+86-10) 58560720
                Postal Code: 100031
                Website: www.cmbc.com.cn
